Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors ChameleonJohn - Online Coupons, Promo Codes, Discounts & Deals -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories ASUS ZenBook 3 Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Samsung Gear Fit 2 MacBook (2016) Moto G Plus HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevy Malibu Android Auto 2016 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Samsung Galaxy S7 2015 Mazda CX-9 Moto 360 (2015) Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear headphones for Android ASAP Dash Rapid Charger Jaybird Reign Fitness Tracker Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo HTC One A9 21.5-inch iMac with 4K display 360Fly Action Camera SanDisk Wireless Connect Stick Geko E100 Full HD 1080P Dash Cam Google Pixel C SodaStream's New POWER Sparkling Water Machine Dyson V6 Mattress Handheld Vaccum iPad Pro ZTE AXON Apple TV (2015) 2016 Ford Explorer Platinum Edition Apple watchOS 2 Sennheiser RS 175  BlackBerry PRIV Google Nexus 5X iPhone 6S Plus 2015 Ford F-150 2016 Chevrolet Volt EV Microsoft Office 2016 « Dyson searches for ‘ReThinkers’ a.k.a. world’s brightest minds | Main | Video: See the Google Pixel's electronic image stabilization » Tuesday Oct182016 Review: Google Pixel XL Tuesday, October 18, 2016 at 9:00AM   By Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla  Exploding Note7’s have left a crater-sized void in the market and users looking for options can definitely consider a Pixel XL. It’s large, has the killer camera and specs combo, and it’s a Pure Google device. That’s great for consumers with $899 burning a hole in their pocket, but what about the rest of us? Ambitious, bold, and aiming for the big guns in the smartphone flagship market, Google’s Pixel XL and its smaller brother, the Google Pixel, aim to give consumers the Google phone that they have always wanted but which the earlier Nexus devices may have failed to deliver.  Pixel represents a brand new chapter for Google as an end-to-end creator of consumer products. The Pixel extends the Made by Google ethos, which is to deliver high-quality devices that serve as the best containers for Google’s technology. This idea has been percolating with the expensive and premium Chromebook Pixel, the similarly costly and ambitious Pixel C 2-in-1, and now is encapsulated in the Pixel family of phones as well as in Google’s Home and Wi-Fi focused devices. Google is evolving and so is the point of access The adverts for the Pixel phones start off with a search bar which slowly morphs into the shape of a rectangle signifying a smartphone. Google understands that its services and technology are being accessed more and more via mobile devices and now it is taking full stewardship of this experience. Aside from providing a premium smartphone with what they claim to be the best camera, top tier specs, unlimited video and photo storage capability as well as the an entirely new interface running on top of Android 7.1, Google hopes to showcase its lead in A.I., that’s Artificial Intelligence, or machine learning, if you prefer. Next Level Personal Assistant This is the next level of the personal assistant. One that’s not just  proactive and smart but which can also engage in conversations with you. Google CEO Sundar Pichai said the idea was for everyone to have, “their own personal Google.” Using voice as the key interface, you now have the best of Google at your disposal. Some of the cool things it can do are give you a daily briefing at the start of the day, including your schedule, the weather, and it can even play the news from sources like NPR or CNN to give you an overview of what faces you that day. If you want some tunes, you simply say, “Hey Google, can you play The Cure on YouTube,” and it will fire up the YouTube app and play “Friday I’m in Love,” by the band The Cure. It is in understanding this context and nuance that Google Assistant transcends what we’ve seen so far with technologies like Siri, Cortana and Google’s own Google Now. Other useful examples are “Ok, Google go to Huffington Post.com,” to fire up Chrome and go to that website’s mobile page. As someone who doesn’t particularly like talking to technology, I’ve only scratched the surface of what Google Assistant has to offer me, but from what I’ve seen, it is impressive and seems to be evolving, which will really help in pushing it to where it needs to go in people’s consciousness. Pixel Phone by Google  Google has always relied on HTC for making its landmark products. The very first Android smartphone was the HTC Dream (G1) and while clunky, it did provide the blueprint for all devices to come. The very first Nexus device, the Nexus One, was also an HTC/Google collaboration and set the pace for the developer-focused Nexus program which caught on big with many Android aficionados. It comes as no surprise, then, that HTC is the manufacturer of the Pixel and Pixel XL.  While Google takes full credit for the design and development of the Pixel, it was created with HTC’s expertise and I think this was an excellent choice of manufacturer. HTC has been one of the strongest Android OEM’s in terms of build quality, design and materials and this shows with their latest flagship the HTC 10 as well as the Pixel XL. It was rumoured that Chinese smartphone maker Huawei was going to make these devices, I'm glad HTC was chosen instead. Huawei's product's simply don't feel as premium or as polished as HTC's. Design and Materials Like many, I initially pooh-poohed the Pixel’s appearance as being a straight-out copy of Apple’s iPhone 6 design (which seems popular enough that Apple used it for three generations of flagships, including the iPhone 7). After having used the device for some days, I realize things aren’t as black and silver as they seem. The placement of the Pixel Imprint fingerprint sensor on the rear makes a lot more sense than where the iPhone has it at the bottom. The Pixel has chamfered edges that make it easier to grip. There’s enough Google DNA in this product that gives it its own character. Not bad a at all for a first product that had a shortened 9 month development time. In terms of build quality, The Pixel XL is very well put together and has used some neat engineering tricks to avoid having a camera bump and including a headphone jack. Slightly thicker at the top, the Pixel tapers down slightly on the sides until one bevel almost completely disappears. Its a neat trick, one that keeps the device balanced while making it look seamless and monolithic.  At first, I was bothered by the slate of glass on the rear where the Imprint fingerprint sensor lies, but I have gotten used to the look and feel of this and it does give the Pixel its own character and quality feel.  So, while it may look boring and indistinctive at first glance, there’s a lot to appreciate with the Pixel XL’s build quality and tactile feel. I like it more than Huawei’s odd Nexus 6P Design which, while premium in feel, looked like a lazy design and was one of the least attractive Nexus devices in my opinion. Functionality  The Pixel XL, which has a 5.5-inch 2K display, fits nicely in the hand although it isn’t the easiest smartphone to navigate in one hand. Taking it out of your pocket and bag makes resting a finger on the the Imprint sensor easy and quickly enables ‘waking’ the Pixel from sleep. Scrolling down from the Imprint sensor offers a neat way to peruse notifications, scrolling down persistently opens up the short-cut drawer and eventually the settings. Android 7.1 Nougat brings a new Pixel launcher with rounded icons which is minimalist yet quite intuitive. Google gets its own button (plus can be triggered by pressing the middle navigation button or triggered by voice), so it is front and centre. Aside from Google apps being pre-loaded, you also get Google Allo and Google Duo, the new text and video messaging apps from Google which takeover where Hangouts used to be. These apps are just okay, they are tied to your phone number and there's just not too many people using them yet, so they're not essential. Performance and multi-tasking is top notch. Pure Android plus the Pixel’s top of the line specs with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor (2.15 GHz + 1.6 GHz, 64-Bit Quad-Core processor) and 4GB of RAM is a combo that’s tough to beat. This means slicing through apps and in between tasks is fast and friction free. Honestly, performance on the Pixel XL is unlike anything I've tried on any Android device. The Pixel XL doesn’t have wireless charging, nor does it have stereo speakers and it also isn’t waterproof (it is rated at IP53). The Pixel XL comes in 32GB and 128 GB capacities but continues on the unfortunate trend set by Nexus devices in that it doesn’t offer microSD card expansion. The Pixel phones do offer quick charging with a claim of 7 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes. Battery life is quite good and can last all day and night on a single charge, but given this is a large phone with a 3,450 mAh battery, that’s not surprising at all. The Pixel’s Secret Weapon  Google knows that a smartphone’s camera is easily it’s most used and valued feature. Their teams of photography gurus and image processing experts spent a year designing and optimizing the entire camera stack. Google boldly claimed that the Pixel had the best camera on any smartphone. Ever. This is a huge claim backed by DXOMark (which, has been referenced by HTC for the high camera score on the HTC 10), While DXOMark is highly regarded, I’m still skeptical of a for profit organization that sells its own photography products making proclamations based on their findings. I decided to test the Pixel’s 12-megapixel camera myself and was, quite frankly, astonished at the high-quality and consistency of the photos and videos that the Pixel produces. I was able to take great photos in a range of conditions, from a dark evening, indoors in a museum and outside on a cloudy day as well as a sunny day. The Pixel’s f/2.0 aperture and 1.55 μm large pixels for clear low-light pictures are one thing, the Pixel also comes  with Fast auto-focus in any light condition with Phase Detection Auto-Focus (PDAF) and Laser Detection Auto-Focus (LDAF). More importantly, Google engineers optimized the software to operate beyond what hardware alone can do. After four weeks of using the Pixel XL as my main smartphone, I learned that it has one of the most remarkable cameras on any smartphone. This may not be the case in terms of hardware specs alone, but the computational muscle and staggering AI that ensures you get the best photos at any condition is simply stunning. The HDR+ implementation, which Google suggests users leave on by default, ensures best photos in any condition. A Smartburst mode can be applied in various situations and the software will pick and choose the best photo of the bunch. As a bonus Google generously offers unlimited online storage of photos and videos shot on the Pixel phones which will be stored at full resolution and backed up from the devices. The Pixel effectively reduces noise, minimizes blur, and gives the best result by taking multiple images and quickly recomposing them to fill in the gaps. HDR+ on the Pixel has zero shutter lag, no other smartphone can claim this when using HDR feature.   The most impressive feature of the Pixel XL is the digital image stabilization. With this feature employed, By using the gyroscope at 200 times a second to anticipate how the camera is moving, you can get blur free video in most conditions. I put together series of sample videos including riding in a car, walking on a beach and others, which show how this image stabilization works. There’s also a comparison with optical image stabilization from a competing 12-megapixel smartphone. Image stabilization is very good, it looks a bit unnatural, sort of like the effect some first-person shooters have when you duck and strafe. Still, there's no denying there's a breakthrough at play here since this smartphone is creating steady video which even on standalone video cameras would require some kind of gimbal or steady-cam type contraption to achieve. Google’s Pixel really delivers impressive video and photo performance in almost any situation and is among the best camera on devices I have tested this year (led by the iPhone 7 Plus as well as the Samsung Galaxy 7). The offer of unlimited online storage on Google Photos (in full resolution, no less) means you should be able to buy the 32GB versions of the Pixel and have more than enough space for unlimited photos and videos. I am a prolific photo-taker and I've already exhausted 14.5 GB of the Pixel XL's 32GB non-expandable storage. Using the 'free up space' feature, I was able to gain back 3.7 GB while my photos are still accessible on Google Photos. Not for the price sensitive The move up from Nexus to Pixel brings us a Googlier experience, better hardware integration and premium features and materials plus a bevy of capabilities that could remain Pixel exclusives long before they trickle down to other OEMs. Each Google Pixel also comes with a hotline, a 24/7 support feature that makes it possible to reach out to a Google expert via chat, voice and even share your screen to help troubleshoot issues. The downside is that the pricing goes up, considerably. The Pixel and the Pixel XL are smack dab in iPhone 7 and premium Samsung territory. It’s easy to simply say that premium features and materials=higher quality and therefore a higher price. But iPhone and other flagship products are long established players. They have retail store support, a wide range of accessories and peripherals, they are a known quantity. Sure, exploding Note7’s have created a crater-sized void in the market and users looking for options can definitely consider a Pixel XL, it’s large, has the killer camera and specs combo and it’s a Pure Google device. That’s great for consumers with $899 burning a hole in their pocket but what about the rest of us. In the past, Nexus devices could be had off contract for under $600, and these had many of the perks that the Pixel line offers plus the air of exclusivity of being Google exclusive devices. There’s no longer a budget option for those who want to go with Google and that’s going to be an issue.  The Pixel XL represents the Google Phone we’ve always wanted in terms of quality, features, innovation and ease of use. Google Assistant is impressive and has what it takes to bloom beyond being a fad feature, the new Pixel launcher is cleaner and more intuitive and the camera and video capability of the Pixel is truly top notch. But, this is still a generation 1 device playing in a hotly contested premium market and it brings a design aesthetic that isn’t entirely new. The Pixel is a good start, but it has a lot to prove that it is worth the price of admission. Note that the fine print says the Pixel and the Pixel XL are good for two years of software updates and three years of security updates. That's all Google guarantees, consider that the Apple iPhone 4 from 2010 just got obsoleted this year (6 years after its release) and weigh that into your long term consideration.  With the demise of Windows Phone and BlackBerry, which have faded into oblivion this year,  many phone buyers who don't subscribe to the Apple way, now have another viable option in the Pixel and the Pixel XL. I'm crossing my fingers that Google will ensure the best possible Android experience available. Hits: -Pixel represents an all new integrated premium Google Phone strategy -Google Assistant is the real deal, the next generation of personal A.I. -The Pixel’s camera achieves astonishing photo and video performance -Best implementation and placement of a fingerprint scanner -Top flight specs, great new launcher and access to exclusive software make the Pixel a compelling flagship -USB Type-C with quick charge -Unlimited free storage for photos and videos in full resolution   Misses: -Pricing is high -No wireless charging or water resistance -No microSD expansion -Design presents nothing new -Review unit sporadically disconnected from data and voice network losing the ability to accept calls or access the Internet -Onboard Google Support had no useful solution for the issue above other than 'contact your carrier'. Verdict: So long Nexus, the Pixel is the new crown jewel of Google’s mobile strategy, and this line of devices is shooting for the stars of the premium smartphone space in terms of materials, build and also pricing. The Pixel XL starts strong with great performance, effortless ease of use, and a stunning camera that many will consider a generational leap from where Nexus cameras were a year ago in terms of speed, quality and performance. Google engineering and innovation run in the Pixel’s DNA even if the hardware design may seem underwhelming and tired. Don’t be fooled, the Pixel XL is every bit the flagship killer that Google set out to make.   Rating: 4.5 out of 5 Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Canada, Google, Pixel, Pixel XL, phone Email Article in Android, Apps & Launches, Breaking news, Buyers Guide, Events and Launches, First Looks, Google, Lifestyle, Mobile, Product launch, Public service Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2016 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features State Capture Report US Elections FeesMustFall Pravin Gordhan Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Business News Personal Finance Budget Companies Startups Markets Indicators International Opinion Leadership Financial tools Savings WEF Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Tonight News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Book Flights Scitech News Technology Science Science Forum Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy news business sport motoring tonight lifestyle travel scitech newspapers Shop @ Loot IOL PropertySections Cape Times Eusebius McKaiser: Theft as economic transformation Fransman hits at Mantashe's 'regime change' 10-year-old commits ‘suicide’ Suspicion over bid to save stadium Warning issued over super supermoon cape times Google 'to separate fact from fiction' Cape Times / 19 October 2016, 9:32pm The Independent LONDON: Internet search giant Google has introduced a fact-checking feature in its new section to allow readers to determine whether or not a story is true. “In the seven years since we started labelling types of articles in Google News (for example, In-Depth, Opinion, Wikipedia), we've heard that many readers enjoy having easy access to a diverse range of content types,” the company said in an announcement. “Today, we’re adding another new tag, Fact Check, to help readers find fact-checking in large news stories.” Through an algorithmic process from schema.org known as ClaimReview, live stories will be linked to fact-checking articles and websites. This will allow readers to quickly validate or debunk online stories. Related fact-checking stories will appear on-screen underneath the main headline. The example Google uses shows a headline over passport checks for pregnant women, with a link to Full Fact’s analysis. Readers will be able to see if stories are fake or if claims in the headline are false or being exaggerated. Fact Check will initially be available in the UK and US through the Google News site as well as the News & Weather apps for both Android and iOS. Publishers who wish to become part of the new service can apply to have their sites included. “We're excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin,” the company said. Fact-checking has become common for online publishers. Organisations such as the International Fact-Checking Network, PolitFact and Full Fact analyse claims by politicians and other public speakers to determine if they are true or not. Facebook has struggled to prevent fake headlines appearing in its own trending news feature. After the company swopped human curators for an algorithm, a fake story about Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly being fired over allegiances to Hilary Clinton caused controversy. While Google doesn't name Donald Trump or Brexit explicitly, authors such as Ralph Keyes claim we now live in a “post-truth” era, where debates rarely focus on facts or policy, but on emotion and wild claims. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has often been found to make false or misleading statements. Politifact has rated 71 percent of his statements as false. This week he wrongly advised his supports to go out and vote on November 28, 20 days after the US elections are actually being held, on November 8. – The IndependentSHOW ALL Cape Times Eusebius McKaiser: Theft as economic transformation Fransman hits at Mantashe's 'regime change' 10-year-old commits ‘suicide’ Suspicion over bid to save stadium Warning issued over super supermoon Most Read Warning issued over super supermoon Eusebius McKaiser: Theft as economic transformation 10-year-old commits ‘suicide’ Fransman hits at Mantashe's 'regime change' Suspicion over bid to save stadium Advertisement MORE cape timesMenu News| Sport| Business| Opinion| Technology| Lifestyle| Arts Portal| Escape Times| Classifieds| cape timesMenu News| Sport| Business| Opinion| Technology| Lifestyle| Arts Portal| Escape Times| Classifieds| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Business Sport Motoring Tonight Lifestyle Travel Scitech About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather
null
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Here's What Google Said SFist Should Be For Halloween by Eve Batey in Arts & Entertainment on Oct 19, 2016 11:15 am In one of Google's routine efforts to convince you that it's a fun, cute, and zany company full of doodles and delights, not a massive terrifying monolith that knows everything about you and can strike you dead where you stand, they've launched "Google Frightgeist." A project of GoogleTrends, not only will the platform tell you what costume searches are trending (nationally, the "1980s" is #44 at publication time, making all those times my mom told me I was "dressed like you're wearing a halloween costume" when I was in high school feel all too accurate), if you click on their "costume wizard" and set your spookiness and uniqueness levels, it will tell you what costume you should don this October 31. In the service of journalism, I asked my colleagues at SFist to see what Google thought they should be. The answers will surprise you! (They will not actually surprise you.) What did you get? Photo: Tim Pearce Contributing Editor Jack Morse: Minecraft Steve According to the Minecraft wiki, Steve "is the character that can be controlled," which is funny because Jack cannot be controlled in the slightest. Jack seemed disappointed by Google's choice for him, saying that "I saw someone with the Minecraft costume in 2013, and even then it felt kinda played out." Indeed: The above Flickr photo of a Steve costume is from 2011, making this a positively retro choice. And if its staleness wasn't enough, Jack says that "assuming a blockhead mask is required, it violates two of my three Halloween costume principles: 1) have to have hands and mouth free (no claws, no mask) for ease of cocktail sipping, and 2) can't have something that will be ruined by dancing (usually that means makeup that will sweat off, but in this case it would just make me overheat)." See, like I told you, uncontrollable. This Grumpy Cat mask is an actual thing you (or Caleb) can buy at Spirit Halloween, I guess. Assistant Editor Caleb Pershan: Grumpy Cat "I got Grumpy Cat," Caleb says, "which is convenient because I won't need to go out and get a costume." Too bad, because this Spirit Halloween one is pretty insane, in that thing-you-see-as-you-walk-past-a-room-in-the-Overlook way. In true grumpy fashion, Caleb tried again. Unaltered screengrab from Google Frightgeist taken by Caleb Pershan/SFist Assistant Editor Caleb Pershan: Caitlyn Jenner "Trans people are costumes? Nice" Caleb said. Costumes "honoring" (ha) Jenner aren't new — I snapped this picture inside a hellish Spirit Halloween tent in Daly City the day before Halloween last year... "Celebrating." Sure you are. A photo posted by Eve Batey (@evelb) on Oct 30, 2015 at 4:48pm PDT ...but, still, not great, Google. And apparently the web giant considers Jenner "70 percent spooky," as these are the dial settings Caleb had when he was given this troubling recommendation. Unaltered screengrab from Google Frightgeist taken Caleb Pershan/SFist Maybe we need to update our 20 Halloween Costumes To Avoid At All Costs post for Google's benefit? Photo: Peter Kudlacz Editor In Chief Jay Barmann: Zombie Bride "Don't you think you should do something different this year?" Caleb shot when Jay announced his designation, so if Caleb gets fired this week you know why. "I had started with 'modern' and spookiness level 65 percent and got X-Men, which I dislike," Jay says, "so I rejiggered and went classic at 90 percent." Like Prince's mother, Jay remains unsatisfied. But both Caleb and Jay's second, shittier choices seem to prove that Google punishes you if you don't go with their first choice. Guess I'm stuck with whatever it gives me. Wish me luck! Gif: Eve Batey/SFist Senior Editor Eve Batey: The Grim Reaper Damn right. Ask the zillions of commenters I've banned! Better yet, don't. Related: What's Your Uber Passenger Rating? (Here Are Ours) Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. caitlyn jenner google grumpy cat halloween Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! CBS signs on for Google streaming service — and more networks are expected to follow – Los Angeles Times Posted on October 19, 2016 by Los Angeles Times Google is closer to launching its own video streaming service, which would offer big-budget network TV programming without a cable or satellite subscription. According executives not authorized to comment, CBS, the most-watched broadcast network, has … Google Signs Up CBS for Planned Web TV ServiceWall Street Journal Google Lays Groundwork for Streaming TV Service With CBS DealHollywood Reporter CBS Signs With Google’s Planned ‘Unplugged’ Streaming ServiceDeadline The Verge -Android Police -International Business Times -Engadget all 40 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Close China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 69° Broken Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest City planning department working to update zoning laws Brownsville has changed a lot over the last several decades, though in many cases its zoning regulations haven’t kept up. Posted: November 14 rss Texas News Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines 2 sentenced to prison for disrupting Southwest flight Lawmakers pre-file bevy of bills ahead of 2017 session A look at Trump's immigration plans by the numbers Some Texas Muslims note concerns after Donald Trump election Trump starting to sound like Obama on immigration Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Seager becomes latest Dodger honored as Rookie of the Year AP New! Los Angeles Dodgers shortstop Corey Seager has been voted National League Rookie of the Year, becoming the first player in two decades to win the award for the franchise that has historically dominated the honor. Updated: 6:05 pm Sports, Professional Baseball, Baseball More From The Latest Walker, Hellickson accept $17.2M qualifying offers Texans look to improve before facing Raiders Bears' WR Jeffery suspended 4 games for PED violation Browns say coach Hue Jackson's job safe despite 0-10 start Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market Story Comments Image (3) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Jeff Chiu China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market Rob Chandhok, LeEco North America chief research and development officer, holds a LePro 3 phone while speaking at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Jeff Chiu China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market Danny Bowman, LeEco chief revenue officer, speaks at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Jeff Chiu China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market LeEco CEO Jia Yueting, right, and co-founder and SEE Plan Global Vice Chairman Lei Ding pose for photos after unveiling the LeSEE car at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Posted: Wednesday, October 19, 2016 4:55 pm | Updated: 6:30 pm, Wed Oct 19, 2016. China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market Associated Press | SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Most U.S. consumers haven't heard of LeEco, but the Chinese technology company is setting out to become a household name with smartphones and flat-screen TVs that undercut the prices of Apple, Google, Samsung and other industry stalwarts. LeEco heralded its entrance into the U.S. market during a Wednesday showcase in San Francisco, where the company unveiled a sleek smartphone called the LePro 3 that will sell for $400 and an internet-connected TV with a 7-foot screen priced at $5,000. LeEco positions the LePro 3 as an alternative to Apple's latest iPhone and Google's Pixel phone, whose prices both start at $650. LeEco is promising its giant TV, called the UMax 85, will be as good or better than other high-end home entertainment systems that cost $8,000. Both the phone and TV will go on sale Nov. 2 in LeEco's online store, LeWeb.com. The company also is selling a smaller smartphone and smaller TVs with screens ranging from 43 inches to 65 inches. Besides the phones and TVs, LeEco also is coming to the U.S. with a virtual reality headset, a high-tech bicycle and an electric car in a challenge to Tesla Motors. The company wants to bundle the devices with other services, including an online video package of shows and movies that ties into its origins as the "Netflix of China." LeEco, which stands for "Happy Ecosystem," is branching out to challenge technology leaders who have been able to demand a premium for their products partly because they have been pleasing U.S. consumers for years. "America is the most important global market for us," LeEco CEO Jia Yueting said through a translator during a presentation. "Once we get the hearts and minds of U.S. users, we can move on to the hearts and minds of global users." Innovation in the U.S. has hit a "bottleneck," making it an optimal time for LeEco to enter the market, Jia said in an interview with The Associated Press. He wants customers to use video subscriptions and other applications from LeEco on the company's phones and TVs. The company is using the devices as "Trojan horses,"said Gartner analyst Werner Goertz. "This is a general trend in the industry, and LeEco is a prime example of how companies are subsidizing hardware with ulterior motives." Google is similarly selling its new Pixel phone in an effort to drive more traffic to its search engine and other service, Goertz said, though that device is being sold at a premium price. Amazon.com's Echo, an internet-connected speaker that understands and responds to spoken language, also is designed to get boost sales at the company's e-commerce site. The expectations for LeEco are modest. The research firm Strategy Analytics projects that LeEco will sell about 25 million smartphones worldwide this year. By comparison, Apple had sold 214 million iPhones in the past year ending in June. Other Chinese companies that tried to make a splash in the U.S. consumer electronics market have barely made a ripple. But LeEco is making a major commitment. During the summer, the company paid $2 billion for budget-TV maker Vizio, a well-known brand in the U.S. that sells in Costco and other prominent chains. It employs several hundred workers at its U.S. headquarters in San Jose, California, with ambitions to expand in Silicon Valley. Earlier this year, it spent another $250 million to snap up a 50-acre site in Santa Clara, California, where it has approval to build an office complex that could span up to 3 million square feet and accommodate about 12,000 workers. Jia plans to call the complex "EcoWorld." "They are not taking a half-baked approach," Goertz said. "But I think they are going to be hemorrhaging money for the foreseeable future. The question is how long they can sustain this strategy?" Jia, who has accumulated an estimated fortune of nearly $5 billion, will shoulder a huge chunk of any losses because he owns half of LeEco. He declined to say how much LeEco has spent in the U.S. so far. "We are financially prepared to bring a new model and a new value for the U.S. consumers," Jia said. © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business The Latest: Obama blames Congress for not closing Guantanamo The Latest: Obama blames Congress for not closing Guantanamo The Latest: Obama blames Congress for not closing Guantanamo The Latest: Obama blames Congress for not closing Guantanamo The Latest: Obama blames Congress for not closing Guantanamo More about Technology ARTICLE: Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains More about Televisions China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market Discuss Print Posted in Business on Wednesday, October 19, 2016 4:55 pm. Updated: 6:30 pm. | Tags: Business, Technology, Televisions, Consumer Electronics, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Mobile Phones, Arts And Entertainment, Television Programs, Entertainment, Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing, Telecommunications, Products And Services, Corporate News | Location Tags: China, United States, California, Greater China, East Asia, Asia, North America, San Francisco Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes West Harlingen Bass Lake 55 & over Park, 1 bedroom Updated: Yesterday Church for lease, 4100 sf, Central Blvd, $2900.00/mo. 956-346-0588 $2,900 Updated: 5:00 am HARLINGEN 106 W. Dominion 2/2 Cedar fence, Carport & AC/Heat Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2014 Hyundai Santa Fe, Low Highway Miles, Well Maintained Unit $16,980 posted: November 14 2014 Ford Escape SEL, 22k Miles, Power Everything, Black Color $14,944 posted: November 14 26 Ft Storage Boxes $1,950. Rear Roll-Up Door, Several In-Stock $1,950 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google drops the Android 7.1 Developer Preview for a few Nexus devices +10,946 Andrew Myrick Oct 19th, 2016 When Google announced the Pixel and Pixel XL, it was announced that those devices would be running Android 7.1 Nougat out of the box. That announcement left those with “older” Nexus devices wondering when would they be able to get in on the fun. Then, last week, Google announced that Android 7.1 would be coming to Nexus devices in the form of a Developer Preview later this month. Turns out that today is the day as Google has released the Dev Preview for the latest version of Android for the following devices: Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Pixel C Nope, there’s no Nexus 6 or Nexus Player support, but that may come at a later time. For now, it seems that these 3 devices will join the Pixel and Pixel XL as the first ones to run Android 7.1 Nougat. Here’s a highlight of some of the new changes that will be coming once you have loaded Android 7.1 on your devices: App shortcuts API — lets you surface key actions directly in the launcher and take your users deep into your app instantly. You can create up to 5 shortcuts, either statically or dynamically. Circular app icons support — lets you provide great-looking rounded icon resources that match the look of Pixel and other launchers. Enhanced wallpaper metadata — lets you provide metadata about your wallpapers to any picker displaying the wallpapers as a preview. You can show existing metadata such as label, description, and author, as well as a new context URL and title to link to more information. If you want to check out everything that’s new in Android 7.1, you can check out the full list here. If you aren’t signed up for the Android Beta Program, you can check out Phandroid’s tutorial here and get all the Android Nougat-ey goodness you want today. Notably, you won’t receive the latest version of the Pixel Launcher for obvious reasons, but at least you’ll get the cool new app shortcuts as well as the circular icons. Let us know in the comments below how the latest developer preview is running for you after it’s up and running on your device. [Android Developers] local_offer    Android 7.1 Nougat   Android Beta Program   Google   Nexus 5X   Nexus 6P   Pixel   Pixel C   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (17) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update ZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
BUSINESS Driverless-car makers worry that California's proposed rules will slow their progress Breakdown of the U.S. guidelines on driverless cars The U.S. Department of Transportation released long-awaited guidelines Tuesday for the testing and deployment of self-driving vehicles. The U.S. Department of Transportation released long-awaited guidelines Tuesday for the testing and deployment of self-driving vehicles. Samantha Masunaga California’s proposed rules for self-driving vehicles got another road test Wednesday, as vehicle makers and industry groups expressed concern at a public workshop that the Department of Motor Vehicles’ regulations could slow development of the technology and conflict with more flexible federal guidelines. Recent revisions to the proposed rules, which were released late last month, include a requirement that companies “self-certify” that their vehicles meet both federal vehicle safety standards and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s guidelines for autonomous vehicles. Manufacturers must also obtain an ordinance or resolution from local authorities that specify the roadways, speeds and other conditions that their vehicles are designed to operate in to ensure that communities have input on where testing occurs, the DMV said in a notice issued in September. DMV officials who attended the workshop in Sacramento heard from technology, legal and transportation experts. “I was pleased to see that the DMV panel acknowledges that the draft regulations aren’t perfect,”  said Katie Thomson, chair of law firm Morrison & Foerster’s transportation industry group and former general counsel of the U.S. Department of Transportation. Beverly Hills, land of Ferraris and Lamborghinis, seeks status as driverless-car innovator Russ Mitchell The ubiquitous Ferraris and Bentleys and Lamborghinis of Beverly Hills may soon be sharing the road with a new form of auto exotica: robot cars. City leaders plan to put a robot fleet of mass transit vehicles on its roads as soon as it’s practical, aiming to make the wealthy little city of 34,000... The ubiquitous Ferraris and Bentleys and Lamborghinis of Beverly Hills may soon be sharing the road with a new form of auto exotica: robot cars. City leaders plan to put a robot fleet of mass transit vehicles on its roads as soon as it’s practical, aiming to make the wealthy little city of 34,000... (Russ Mitchell) “They need to be very precise as to what they’re regulating, why they’re regulating it and how the regulations as proposed or finalized would actually achieve their intended objective,” she said. Though representatives from companies such as Ford Motor Co. and Google said the proposed rules were an improvement over the first set of draft regulations released in December, several expressed concern about potential overlap with federal laws. Last month, the U.S. Department of Transportation and NHTSA issued federal guidelines on the testing and deployment of self-driving vehicles. While short on specifics, those included a “15-point safety assessment” letter that manufacturers and other autonomous vehicle technology organizations will be asked to submit to show how their systems address issues such as vehicle cybersecurity and data collection and storage. The policy also had a suggested state policy that established the federal government’s responsibility for regulating the driving hardware and software, while leaving states to regulate licensing and registration of the vehicles, as well as liability and insurance policies. The DMV said its revised draft regulations were influenced by these federal guidelines, as well as comments from previous public hearings on the first set of proposed rules. Several automakers said the DMV draft regulations appear to make the voluntary NHTSA guidelines mandatory. The revised DMV proposal states that manufacturers who want to test and deploy autonomous vehicles on public roads must provide a copy of their 15-point safety assessment letter for NHTSA to the state agency. “Mandating compliance is completely counter to NHTSA’s objective,” said David Strickland, counsel and spokesman for the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets, an advocacy group established by Ford, Google and others. He added that it would also create “unnecessary regulatory confusion.” As of Oct. 11, 18 companies including Google, Tesla Motors Inc. and Ford had permits to test autonomous vehicles on California public streets. Some companies also opposed the proposed requirement that manufacturers must submit at least one year of data on “unplanned disengagements,” or instances in which a human driver had to take over control of the car, to the DMV before deploying their vehicles. Those companies said during the hearing and in prepared statements that a year was an arbitrary timeframe and that similar data were not required from non-autonomous vehicles. “Focusing only on the disengagements and collisions ignores the safety benefits that autonomous vehicles can provide,” Strickland said during his testimony Wednesday. Ron Medford, director of safety at Google’s self-driving car project, suggested that the DMV require companies simply to alert municipalities of their testing plans, making it “more of a notice process than an approval process.” Forcing companies to get an ordinance from each local authority was “unworkable,” he said, and would create unnecessary layers of government bureaucracy. During her testimony, Carmen Balber, executive director of Santa Monica’s Consumer Watchdog, said safety was not being adequately addressed with NHTSA’s 15-point safety assessment plan, saying it had “no substance.” “I think the key here is that they are completely unenforceable,” she said. Balber said there has been no larger discussion of ethics, such as what choices manufacturers program into the car to help it decide whether it should kill a pedestrian in favor of saving the person inside the vehicle, or vice versa. However, Balber said the organization supported the proposed California rules that a vehicle cannot be advertised as autonomous, such as using terms like “autopilot” and “self-driving,” if it does not meet the state’s definition of an autonomous vehicle. She said this kind of rule would have prevented Tesla from calling its driving assistance feature “Autopilot.” There is still a long road ahead before the state finalizes any regulations. The DMV said it expects to start its formal rule-making process in the next few months, which will include a 45-day public comment period and a public hearing process.  In the meantime, most automakers say it’ll be at least three to five years before they start selling fully-autonomous cars, though ride-hailing firm Uber Technologies Inc. has already deployed fleets of self-driving Ford Fusions in Pittsburgh. “I think you’re seeing baby steps,” said Vijay Rakesh, senior analyst at Mizuho Securities USA. “With the industry moving forward, it makes sense that you’re seeing state regulators start to move in and provide a framework. It’s a process.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides, California National Guard interpreters say they're owed bonuses, UC and Cal State are considering their first tuition hikes in 6 years, and L.A. Metro has a policing proposal. Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides, California National Guard interpreters say they're owed bonuses, UC and Cal State are considering their first tuition hikes in 6 years, and L.A. Metro has a policing proposal. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides, California National Guard interpreters say they're owed bonuses, UC and Cal State are considering their first tuition hikes in 6 years, and L.A. Metro has a policing proposal. Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides, California National Guard interpreters say they're owed bonuses, UC and Cal State are considering their first tuition hikes in 6 years, and L.A. Metro has a policing proposal. Caption Raw Video: Students walkout of Roosevelt High School Students from Roosevelt High School walked out of class to join other students in an anti-Trump protest. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Students from Roosevelt High School walked out of class to join other students in an anti-Trump protest. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption Trump protesters march in downtown L.A. for a fourth night in a row Trump protesters march in downtown Los Angeles for a fourth night in a row. (Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times) Trump protesters march in downtown Los Angeles for a fourth night in a row. (Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times) Caption Rams jobs: From super fan to super employee Adam Mirghanbari is a self-proclaimed Rams super fan and is living his dream working for the team.  Adam Mirghanbari is a self-proclaimed Rams super fan and is living his dream working for the team.  Caption Audrey Kaatz explains why she voted for Trump “People were scared to say they were voting for him,” Audrey Kaatz, 27, said about President-elect Donald Trump as she stepped away from the bang of a cash register and the thrum of hair dryers at the upscale salon in Scottsdale, Ariz., where she works. Video by Caitlin O'Hara / For The Times “People were scared to say they were voting for him,” Audrey Kaatz, 27, said about President-elect Donald Trump as she stepped away from the bang of a cash register and the thrum of hair dryers at the upscale salon in Scottsdale, Ariz., where she works. Video by Caitlin O'Hara / For The Times samantha.masunaga@latimes.com For more business news, follow me @smasunaga ALSO Q&A: How will we know driverless cars are safe? 3 reasons to fear self-driving cars (even if they're perfectly safe) Is the world ready for driverless cars? Are driverless cars ready for the world? Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Automotive Industry LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, chief says 'We're called redneck, ignorant, racist. That's not true': Trump supporters explain why they voted for him John Oliver on Donald Trump: 'He is not normal' Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Orange County Opinion Place An Ad 78°
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player Adult FriendFinder users get their privates exposed... again – reports The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) More like this Smartphone Vr Electric Car Personal Tech China's LeEco eyes up US, takes on, er, Apple, Samsung, Netflix, Tesla Phones, cars, VR goggles ... the Chinese are coming for your profit margins, America 19 Oct 2016 at 23:26, Iain Thomson Iain Thomson Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Nsa, Nasa, Apple, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Living with the Pixel XL – Google's attempt at a high-end phone El Paso city bungs $3.2m to email crooks pretending to be bosses Look out, SpaceX et al – China's Long March-5 rocket blasts off Pics Chinese tech maker LeEco (pronounced Le Echo) has made its entrance into the US market – with a lavish press conference in San Francisco that showed the Middle Kingdom isn't afraid to take on some of the biggest names in technology. The giant unveiled a high-spec smartphone that massively undercuts rivals Apple, Samsung, and Google on price; a seven-foot smart TV that will cause concern to competitors; an electric car that makes Tesla look like yesterday's jam; a phone-based VR headset to compete with Samsung and Google; and more off-the-wall stuff like an Android bicycle with fingerprint recognition and traffic-sensing lasers. "Some say LeEco is the Chinese Netflix, or Apple, or Tesla, or Samsung," said LeEco's CEO Jia Yueting. "Some say LeEco is crazy to come to these companies' backyards. America is the most important global market and US has the most mature consumers. When we get hearts and minds of American users we can do the same globally." LeEco started in 2004 as a video streaming service, the first to launch an IPO in China, but has since expanded with a film and TV studio, a smart TV and smartphone arm, and more recently an electronic vehicle division. Earlier this year it bought US TV manufacturer Vizio, and is now making a grand entrance into the US market using that firm's distribution network. Show me the hardware On the phone front, LeEco has dropped a bombshell in the high-spec smartphone market with the LePro 3, out next month. The phone has Qualcomm's fastest Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and a massive 4070mAh battery. It is selling it for $399, with a $100 discount for early buyers. The design needs work, but the specs are awesome That's going to put the cat amongst the pigeons for high-end smartphone sellers like Apple and Samsung, and also effectively buggers up Google's plans to become a premium smartphone seller. With the brief hands-on we got with the handset, it's not as polished as any of the competition, but it costs less than half as much and doesn't need a recharge every day, which could prove compelling. LeEco has also attacked the lower-end market with the Le S3 phone. It's got a lower-powered Snapdragon 652 processor, 3GB of RAM and only 32GB of storage, but costs just $249 – again with a $100 discount for those who sign up to the firm's LeRewards program. The handsets also fit into the firm's VR headset, which is territory occupied by Samsung's VR and Google's own offering. The headset has its own chips to cut down on lag and is pretty good to use – certainly on a par with the competition. Samsung and Google have competition for phone-based VR The company also took aim at the high-end TV market with the uMax 85 – a seven-foot Android-powered monster screen that supports all the latest high-definition standards but undercuts the competition on price again. The full system costs $5,000, but there's a $1,000 discount for early buyers. Huge screen, low price Many become one Key to LeEco's play is linking these devices together in the same ecosystem and providing the content to match. At the launch, LeEco said that the firm would be partnering with big US content providers like MGM, Lionsgate, A&E, Showtime, and other media partners. More would be coming on board and the company is also producing its own content, such as the forthcoming film The Great Wall, in which a ponytailed Matt Damon fights with the Chinese against a hoard of CGI monsters. It was unfair that US consumers had to have multiple memberships of cable and online TV channels to see the content they wanted, said Jeff Briller, GM of content for LeEco North America. More announcements on content partners will be out soon, and in the meantime those that sign up with LeEco will be able to use the company's network for storage and viewing. Subscribers get unlimited photo and video storage, up to 5TB. Electric vehicles The other two showcase products at the LeEco launch were slightly less sensible – an Android-powered bike and an autonomous electric car. Jia Yueting said that the inspiration for this was the horrible pollution that blanketed the firm's home city of Beijing. The bicycle is a 30-speed carbon fiber machine that has an alarm and fingerprint sensor for security, an intercom system that works with a phone to act as an intercom system with other riders, twin lasers on the back to warn against homicidal drivers, and a battery to power the Android operating system. The bike looks very good and cycle-heads will probably love it. Price wasn't mentioned, but expect it to be at the high end – there are a lot of well-heeled bikers out there who would be willing to pay for such kit. The other electric vehicle is the LeSEE (for Super Electric Ecosystem) autonomous car, a co-project with Aston Martin and Faraday Future. The car will link in with existing LeEco kit and has an adaptive driving system to take on some of the tasks normally assigned to a driver. Nice concept, we'll see how the commercial kit looks While the car itself looks very good, it's still at the concept stage. Jia Yueting promised that there would be a commercially available version ready in time for next January's CES Exhibition. The Chinese are coming The launch, held at San Francisco's palace of Fine Arts, was clearly ambitious and LeEco has big plans for the American market. But talk is cheap. Luckily for the company, so are its products. LeEco is taking on the US with a combination of low-priced, high-end kit and a broad range of media – it is hoping it can build a brand over here. It faces an uphill task. Companies spend billions on marketing and still don't make it in the US, and other Chinese firms have tried and failed to make a significant impression with US consumers. Can LeEco do better? Probably, based on the quality of the hardware and software that was on display today. The firm has invested heavily in both talent and space in Silicon Valley and has a market capitalization of over $10bn, meaning it can invest for the long term. As incomes in the US shrink, the market will become a lot more amenable to lower-cost technology that can do the job as well or better than established alternatives. It could be that LeEco has picked just the right time to bring itself to this country and try and beat the majors at their own game. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 12 Comments More from The Register Google scraps its Project Ara modular smartphone wheeze Software-focused firm backs out of hardware idea 43 Comments Scientists' sneaky smartphone software steals 3D printer designs Creative but only semi-useful snooping hack 11 Comments Chinese Android smartphone firm: It packs a dedicated crypto chip Which means... what exactly? 27 Comments Gartner: RIP double-digit smartphone growth. 2016 has killed you Microsoft can stop worrying about smartphone non-strategy 27 Comments Late night smartphone use makes women go blind London doctors warn of perils of in-bed, one-eye watching 32 Comments Smartphone growth? Not in Q1, says IDC Phone-fondlers fondle fave phones for longer, spoiling upgrade cycle 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market By Associated Press Published: 19:14 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 19:14 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Most U.S. consumers haven't heard of LeEco, but the Chinese technology company is setting out to become a household name with smartphones and flat-screen TVs that undercut the prices of Apple, Google, Samsung and other industry stalwarts. LeEco heralded its entrance into the U.S. market during a Wednesday showcase in San Francisco, where the company unveiled a sleek smartphone called the LePro 3 that will sell for $400 and an internet-connected TV with a 7-foot screen priced at $5,000. LeEco positions the LePro 3 as an alternative to Apple's latest iPhone and Google's Pixel phone, whose prices both start at $650. LeEco is promising its giant TV, called the UMax 85, will be as good or better than other high-end home entertainment systems that cost $8,000. Rob Chandhok, LeEco North America chief research and development officer, holds a LePro 3 phone while speaking at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Both the phone and TV will go on sale Nov. 2 in LeEco's online store, LeWeb.com. The company also is selling a smaller smartphone and smaller TVs with screens ranging from 43 inches to 65 inches. Besides the phones and TVs, LeEco also is coming to the U.S. with a virtual-reality headset, a high-tech bicycle and an electric car in a challenge to Tesla Motors. The company wants to bundle the devices with other services, including an online video package of shows and movies that ties into its origins as the "Netflix of China." LeEco, which stands for "Happy Ecosystem," is branching out to challenge technology leaders who have been able to demand a premium for their products partly because they have been pleasing U.S. consumers for years. "America is the most important global market for us," LeEco CEO Jia Yueting said through a translator during a presentation. "Once we get the hearts and minds of U.S. users, we can move on to the hearts and minds of global users." Innovation in the U.S. has hit a "bottleneck," making it an optimal time for LeEco to enter the market, Jia said in an interview with The Associated Press that was also translated. He envisions creating a platform that enables consumers to hopscotch from LeEco TVs to phones to cars to watch its video service and use other applications that that company plans to introduce. The company is using the devices as "Trojan horses," to deliver its digital services, said Gartner analyst Werner Goertz. "This is a general trend in the industry, and LeEco is a prime example of how companies are subsidizing hardware with ulterior motives." Google is similarly selling its new Pixel phone in an effort to drive more traffic to its search engine and other service, Goertz noted, though that device is being sold at a premium price. Amazon.com's Echo, an internet-connected speaker that understands and responds to spoken language, also is designed to get boost sales at the company's e-commerce site. The expectations for LeEco are modest. The research firm Strategy Analytics projects that LeEco will sell about 25 million smartphones worldwide this year. By comparison, Apple had sold 214 million iPhones in the past year ending in June. Other Chinese companies that tried to make a splash in the U.S. consumer electronics market have barely made a ripple. But LeEco is making a major commitment. During the summer, the company paid $2 billion for budget-TV maker Vizio, a well-known brand in the U.S. that sells in Costco and other prominent chains. It employs several hundred workers at its U.S. headquarters in San Jose, California, with ambitions to expand in Silicon Valley. Earlier this year, it spent another $250 million to snap up a 50-acre site in Santa Clara, California, where it has approval to build an office complex that could span up to 3 million square feet and accommodate about 12,000 workers. Jia plans to call the complex "EcoWorld." "They are not taking a half-baked approach," Goertz said. "But I think they are going to be hemorrhaging money for the foreseeable future. The question is how long they can sustain this strategy?" Jia, who has accumulated an estimated fortune of nearly $5 billion, will shoulder a huge chunk of any losses because he owns half of LeEco. He declined to say how much LeEco has spent in the U.S. so far. "We are financially prepared to bring a new model and a new value for the U.S. consumers," Jia said. Danny Bowman, LeEco chief revenue officer, speaks at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) LeEco CEO Jia Yueting, right, and co-founder and SEE Plan Global Vice Chairman Lei Ding pose for photos after unveiling the LeSEE car at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Android 7.1 Developer Preview now available for download Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 19, 2016 25 shares 21 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 0               Just as promised, Google is now rolling out the Android 7.1 Developer Preview.  The Android 7.1 Developer Preview is now available to the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, and Pixel C. Google says that the preview will be offered to more devices in November. If you’ve got a 5X, 6P, or Pixel C, there are a couple of ways for you to install the update. You can enroll in the Android Beta Program and then get updates over the air. If you’re already in the Android Beta Program, you don’t have to do anything. Another option is to download and flash the Android 7.1 Developer Preview manually. As for what’s included in this update, the new features include App Shortcuts, which let you long-press on an app icon to jump to a specific part of the app. Think of it as Google’s answer to 3D Touch on Apple’s iOS devices. Also included is support for round icons and image keyboard, the latter of which will let you insert images and other content from a keyboard. Now that it’s available, will you install the Android 7.1 Developer Preview? Source:  Android Developers Blog (1) (2) Android Google LG Nexus 5X Huawei Nexus 6P Google Pixel C Products mentioned LG Nexus 5X Huawei Nexus 6P Google Pixel C Previous ArticleVerizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in stores tomorrow Next ArticleVerizon reveals LG V20 pricing, also announces LG Stylo 2 V with stylus Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in stores tomorrow Kodak Ektra is a new camera-centric Android phone with a 21-megapixel camera Nintendo Switch takes mobile gaming to a whole new level Winner of ZTE's Project CSX crowdsourced device project is Eye-Tracking, Self-Adhesive Phone View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 6 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 18 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone T-Mobile wants you to bring the Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
BUSINESS Driverless-car makers worry that California's proposed rules will slow their progress Breakdown of the U.S. guidelines on driverless cars The U.S. Department of Transportation released long-awaited guidelines Tuesday for the testing and deployment of self-driving vehicles. The U.S. Department of Transportation released long-awaited guidelines Tuesday for the testing and deployment of self-driving vehicles. Samantha Masunaga California’s proposed rules for self-driving vehicles got another road test Wednesday, as vehicle makers and industry groups expressed concern at a public workshop that the Department of Motor Vehicles’ regulations could slow development of the technology and conflict with more flexible federal guidelines. Recent revisions to the proposed rules, which were released late last month, include a requirement that companies “self-certify” that their vehicles meet both federal vehicle safety standards and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s guidelines for autonomous vehicles. Manufacturers must also obtain an ordinance or resolution from local authorities that specify the roadways, speeds and other conditions that their vehicles are designed to operate in to ensure that communities have input on where testing occurs, the DMV said in a notice issued in September. DMV officials who attended the workshop in Sacramento heard from technology, legal and transportation experts. “I was pleased to see that the DMV panel acknowledges that the draft regulations aren’t perfect,”  said Katie Thomson, chair of law firm Morrison & Foerster’s transportation industry group and former general counsel of the U.S. Department of Transportation. Beverly Hills, land of Ferraris and Lamborghinis, seeks status as driverless-car innovator Russ Mitchell The ubiquitous Ferraris and Bentleys and Lamborghinis of Beverly Hills may soon be sharing the road with a new form of auto exotica: robot cars. City leaders plan to put a robot fleet of mass transit vehicles on its roads as soon as it’s practical, aiming to make the wealthy little city of 34,000... The ubiquitous Ferraris and Bentleys and Lamborghinis of Beverly Hills may soon be sharing the road with a new form of auto exotica: robot cars. City leaders plan to put a robot fleet of mass transit vehicles on its roads as soon as it’s practical, aiming to make the wealthy little city of 34,000... (Russ Mitchell) “They need to be very precise as to what they’re regulating, why they’re regulating it and how the regulations as proposed or finalized would actually achieve their intended objective,” she said. Though representatives from companies such as Ford Motor Co. and Google said the proposed rules were an improvement over the first set of draft regulations released in December, several expressed concern about potential overlap with federal laws. Last month, the U.S. Department of Transportation and NHTSA issued federal guidelines on the testing and deployment of self-driving vehicles. While short on specifics, those included a “15-point safety assessment” letter that manufacturers and other autonomous vehicle technology organizations will be asked to submit to show how their systems address issues such as vehicle cybersecurity and data collection and storage. The policy also had a suggested state policy that established the federal government’s responsibility for regulating the driving hardware and software, while leaving states to regulate licensing and registration of the vehicles, as well as liability and insurance policies. The DMV said its revised draft regulations were influenced by these federal guidelines, as well as comments from previous public hearings on the first set of proposed rules. Several automakers said the DMV draft regulations appear to make the voluntary NHTSA guidelines mandatory. The revised DMV proposal states that manufacturers who want to test and deploy autonomous vehicles on public roads must provide a copy of their 15-point safety assessment letter for NHTSA to the state agency. “Mandating compliance is completely counter to NHTSA’s objective,” said David Strickland, counsel and spokesman for the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets, an advocacy group established by Ford, Google and others. He added that it would also create “unnecessary regulatory confusion.” As of Oct. 11, 18 companies including Google, Tesla Motors Inc. and Ford had permits to test autonomous vehicles on California public streets. Some companies also opposed the proposed requirement that manufacturers must submit at least one year of data on “unplanned disengagements,” or instances in which a human driver had to take over control of the car, to the DMV before deploying their vehicles. Those companies said during the hearing and in prepared statements that a year was an arbitrary timeframe and that similar data were not required from non-autonomous vehicles. “Focusing only on the disengagements and collisions ignores the safety benefits that autonomous vehicles can provide,” Strickland said during his testimony Wednesday. Ron Medford, director of safety at Google’s self-driving car project, suggested that the DMV require companies simply to alert municipalities of their testing plans, making it “more of a notice process than an approval process.” Forcing companies to get an ordinance from each local authority was “unworkable,” he said, and would create unnecessary layers of government bureaucracy. During her testimony, Carmen Balber, executive director of Santa Monica’s Consumer Watchdog, said safety was not being adequately addressed with NHTSA’s 15-point safety assessment plan, saying it had “no substance.” “I think the key here is that they are completely unenforceable,” she said. Balber said there has been no larger discussion of ethics, such as what choices manufacturers program into the car to help it decide whether it should kill a pedestrian in favor of saving the person inside the vehicle, or vice versa. However, Balber said the organization supported the proposed California rules that a vehicle cannot be advertised as autonomous, such as using terms like “autopilot” and “self-driving,” if it does not meet the state’s definition of an autonomous vehicle. She said this kind of rule would have prevented Tesla from calling its driving assistance feature “Autopilot.” There is still a long road ahead before the state finalizes any regulations. The DMV said it expects to start its formal rule-making process in the next few months, which will include a 45-day public comment period and a public hearing process.  In the meantime, most automakers say it’ll be at least three to five years before they start selling fully-autonomous cars, though ride-hailing firm Uber Technologies Inc. has already deployed fleets of self-driving Ford Fusions in Pittsburgh. “I think you’re seeing baby steps,” said Vijay Rakesh, senior analyst at Mizuho Securities USA. “With the industry moving forward, it makes sense that you’re seeing state regulators start to move in and provide a framework. It’s a process.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides, California National Guard interpreters say they're owed bonuses, UC and Cal State are considering their first tuition hikes in 6 years, and L.A. Metro has a policing proposal. Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides, California National Guard interpreters say they're owed bonuses, UC and Cal State are considering their first tuition hikes in 6 years, and L.A. Metro has a policing proposal. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides, California National Guard interpreters say they're owed bonuses, UC and Cal State are considering their first tuition hikes in 6 years, and L.A. Metro has a policing proposal. Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides, California National Guard interpreters say they're owed bonuses, UC and Cal State are considering their first tuition hikes in 6 years, and L.A. Metro has a policing proposal. Caption Raw Video: Students walkout of Roosevelt High School Students from Roosevelt High School walked out of class to join other students in an anti-Trump protest. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Students from Roosevelt High School walked out of class to join other students in an anti-Trump protest. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption Trump protesters march in downtown L.A. for a fourth night in a row Trump protesters march in downtown Los Angeles for a fourth night in a row. (Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times) Trump protesters march in downtown Los Angeles for a fourth night in a row. (Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times) Caption Rams jobs: From super fan to super employee Adam Mirghanbari is a self-proclaimed Rams super fan and is living his dream working for the team.  Adam Mirghanbari is a self-proclaimed Rams super fan and is living his dream working for the team.  Caption Audrey Kaatz explains why she voted for Trump “People were scared to say they were voting for him,” Audrey Kaatz, 27, said about President-elect Donald Trump as she stepped away from the bang of a cash register and the thrum of hair dryers at the upscale salon in Scottsdale, Ariz., where she works. Video by Caitlin O'Hara / For The Times “People were scared to say they were voting for him,” Audrey Kaatz, 27, said about President-elect Donald Trump as she stepped away from the bang of a cash register and the thrum of hair dryers at the upscale salon in Scottsdale, Ariz., where she works. Video by Caitlin O'Hara / For The Times samantha.masunaga@latimes.com For more business news, follow me @smasunaga ALSO Q&A: How will we know driverless cars are safe? 3 reasons to fear self-driving cars (even if they're perfectly safe) Is the world ready for driverless cars? Are driverless cars ready for the world? Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Automotive Industry LAPD will not help deport immigrants under Trump, chief says 'We're called redneck, ignorant, racist. That's not true': Trump supporters explain why they voted for him John Oliver on Donald Trump: 'He is not normal' Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Orange County Opinion Place An Ad 78°
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Android 7.1 Developer Preview arrives for the Nexus 5X, 6P, and Pixel C Android 7.1 is an "incremental update," but it's here if you need it. by Ron Amadeo - Oct 19, 2016 10:21 pm UTC Login to bookmark 40 Android 7.1 Nougat is slowly trickling out to the world via the release of the Google Pixel, but now users of older Google devices are able to get in on the fun too. Google just announced the availability of the Android 7.1 Developer Preview for the Nexus 5X, 6P and Pixel C. While the Pixel phones already have a finished version of Android 7.1, Google calls this Nexus release "beta quality." Almost every change to Android 7.1 is a Pixel-supporting feature anyway, so users aren't missing much. As the first release in Android's new "regular maintenance schedule," Google calls 7.1 an "incremental release." The company blog post calls out a few objectives: Since 7.1 has already launched on Pixel, we’re delivering the initial Developer Preview at beta quality for the Nexus lineup of devices. The goal is to tease out any device-specific issues. We’ve finalized the new APIs as API Level 25 We’ve opened up publishing on Google Play for apps targeting the new API level, so you can update your apps soon as you are ready. There are three ways to get the Developer Preview. You can enroll in the Android Beta Program and wait to get the OTA, you can flash the OTA manually from here, or you can wipe the whole device and flash a system image. Expand full story Reader comments 40 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Ron Amadeo / Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
site_header en de fr ja pt zh NEXEDI flexibility for your business header_title Modern Web 101: from Free Software Fetishism to Free Web breadcrumb Home Blog Modern Web 101: from Free Software Fetishism to Free Web profile_document A step by step approach to learn the modern Web Last Update:2016-02-08 Version:003 Language:en Page Content The Free Software Movement is facing a dangerous evolution: Free Software Fetishism. For some Free Software developers, adoration of technologies such as vi, emacs, git, POSIX, glibc, linux kernel, etc. has become more essential to their identity than Free Software ideals. They ignore social risks posed by proprietary Web services built by large employers of Free Software developers, as long as their employer sponsors their favourite software or conference. They disregard opportunities that an emerging non-POSIX Web creates for wider acceptance of Free Software ideals, because it is not POSIX nor command line based. And they curse the development of new Web technologies as "diverting community resources to recreate what already exists" yet have adored git rather than contributing to svn, bz or hg. Free Software Fetishism has reached its apogee with hurds of developers who prefer for example using emacs on a fully proprietary MacOS laptop rather than using a fully Free Software laptop without emacs. Two people have opened my eyes on this evolution. The first person is the developer of a famous bootloader who could use equally well vi, emacs, kate, KDE, GNOME, Windows, MacOS, command line, GUI, etc. used for the first time the word "Fetishism" to qualify the lack of mental flexibility of some Free Software developers who isolate themselves into the adoration of a single tool rather than open their mind and leverage diverse tools and approaches at the same time. The second person is Tariq Krim, just before he launched Joli OS at a time Chome OS did not exist yet; he was the first person that I heard regretting the lack of understanding of modern Web by Free Software developers or their refusal to adopt it. If you are a Free Software developer, if you suffer from Free Software Fetishism, if you are willing to cure yourself and if you think your brain is still capable of learning something different than vi, emacs or git, then this article is for you. You will learn in about 6 months how to adopt new Web technologies and how use your talent to contribute to the wider acceptance of Free Software ideals through the Web. Step 1: adopt a Chromebook The fastest way to experience modern Web technologies is to purchase a reasonable chromebook (4 GB RAM, 32 GB SSD, reasonable screen and keyboard), register to Google service and jail yourself into "Google life". From now on, you are going to experience the full "Google life" (or "Google hell" if one considers privacy) during 3 to 6 months. It is the typical time required to learn what modern web can do and discover new technologies that combine modern Web and Free Software ideals.  During that time, please ignore any privacy problems posed by chromebooks. Do not even try to solve them or think about them: it would prevent you from learning what must be learnt at this step. Try to become a normal user, the kind of user that only cares if the GUI is beautiful or if the application is cool. Be assured anyway that the question of privacy will be addressed later. Step 2: abandon Free Software Fetishism You are an emacs fan: forget it. You are a vi fan: forget it too. Do not even think about recreating in your chromebook your beloved GNU/Linux environment. One purpose of this tutorial is to change your habits an learn how and why the Web can be a great alternative to POSIX that can boost the adoption of Free Software ideals. Trust yourself: your mind is still flexible and you can still learn new things with an open heart. Each time you face a problem and would like to solve it, do not think "which command line" but think about "which web site can solve my problem". Google your problem and use a web site to solve it. Here are some exercises to test yourself: find a web site that can open ODF and edit documents; find a web site that can open and edit SVG documents; find a web site that can be used to learn programming in Javascript. Step 3: play During the 3 to 6 months period of Google life, try to play a lot with a lot of different tools that can run on chromebook. Install extensions and applications. Here is a short list of "must try": Web Store contains all kinds of applications and extensions. Try as many as you can. Have fun! Caret is a nice open source text editor for developers Zed is another nice open source text editor for developers NaCl development environment can deploy a GNU toolchain inside any Chrome Web browser and compile all kinds of software. Just think a second: any open source software can possibly be deployed nowadays in "one click" on any desktop PC (Windows, MacOS, etc.). Applications for education are enormous. NaCl is also a great innovation for security since it provides sandboxing technology that is way more secure by design than LXC containers or paravirtualization. NaCl sandboxing was actually analysed by automated proof by French Atomic Energy Research Center. Attention: make sure you set the chrome://flags to let allow signed extensions. python is an example of application of NaCl to run python inside a browser with good performance. vim is another example of NaCl application. But this example is bringing us back to Free Software Fetishism and it is probably better to learn first what can be achieved with NaCl, keeping in mind that NaCl provides a simple way to extend a Web browser with legacy software or libraries. Chrome Dev Editor is an open source IDE that can publish in one click a Javascript application on Chrome Web Store or on Google Play. The same application can run both on Chrome OS and Android. Offline applications provides a list of Chrome OS applications that can be used offline. Try them. It will demonstrate how modern Web can be both online and offline these days. Word Online demonstrates that even Microsoft is serious about Web these days. Word Online works better than Google Docs in my opinion, it works in China (unlike Google Docs) and it imports ODF files quite well (unlike Google Docs). The only downside is that it does not operate offline. WebODF is my favourite way to survive with ODF files (without losing privacy). It is also a great demonstration that recoding thing in Javascript can be must more efficient sometimes than trying to port legacy software to the Web (as LibreOffice/OpenOffice have tried for years).  Evernote demonstrates that Android applications can now run on ChromeOS thanks to an NaCl based emulation layer. Run Android apps on ChromeOS extends the previous link thanks to a hack that can be used to port some Android applications to Chrome OS. Through this approach, many proprietary applications requires for daily business that are still not available on GNU/Linus traditional distributions should be available soon on Chrome OS. My personal hope is that WPS Office will soon be ported to Chrome OS in this way and provide a local tool to handle OpenXML files. Outlook is useful because it works in China where GMail is blocked and provides integration with Skype for chat Here are now some hints to better use a Chromebook: Keyboard shortcuts Trackpad shortcuts Purchase a second screen and external mouse / keyboard  All options of chrome OMG Chrome Select the ChromeOS channel (stable, beta, dev) to try new versions  And now some suggestions of exercise to validate your knowledge: Find 10 open source Chrome OS applications that can work offline and check who made them (age, country, bhackground) Develop a small application with Chrome Dev Editor and publish it  Step 4: developer mode After playing some time with Chromebook, it is time to try crouton, a set of scripts that can be used to run a chroot of Debian or Ubuntu next to Chrome OS and can ease the transition to Chrome OS. Crouton comes with an extension that can integrate legacy applications to the Chrome OS desktop. In order to use crouton, you will have to turn on developer mode. On Toshiba CB30, hitting at the same time the power button, escape and the "refresh" button brings to a dialog that asks whether the Chromebook should enter developer mode. Read the documentation of your device to know which key strokes bring to developer mode (http://www.chromium.org/chromium-os/developer-information-for-chrome-os-devices) Developer mode and chroot can be useful if you want to run a small web server or a MariaDB database. It is also useful to access a full ssh client, store some keys, use screen, etc. I still need crouton myself because I have to use the original version of LibreOffice/OpenOffice to write big documents. I hope however that I will soon be able to use OfficeJS instead.  chroot should however be considered as the last option during a transition phase between traditional POSIX style environment and pure Web. It can help a lot during the transition, but it goes against the goal of this tutorial and may actually prevent the transition to happen if it is used too much. Here are some more links to understand what are the long term alternatives to chroot that you can already use today: HTTP Websocket server shows how to write a Chrome extension to turn your browser into a server thanks to the socket API SQL.js shows how to run a full database inside any browser (not only Chrome) Step 5: Free Web The idea of Free Web was invented in 2014 by Cédric Le Ninivin after he experienced "Google Life" on a Chromebook every day during 3 months. He was witnessing the growing adoption of Chromebook ins schools in United States, which now amount for 35% of PC sales in education (see "Why Chromebooks are schooling iPads in education" or "Chromebook Sales to K-12 Schools Reach New Heights"). And while using his Chromebook for his daily ERP5 developer job at Nexedi (using SlapOS open source PaaS), he found that everything in a Chromebook was "one click away" except one thing: software contribution. Even through great IDEs exist, such as Chrome Dev Editor, and even though the learning materials found on the Web with sites such as Codeacademy are awsome, the transition from being a Web user to being a Free Software contributor is not at all "one click away". Compared to Apple device which until recently dominated education market in USA, the introduction of Chromebooks in schools may actually further widen the gap between the "ease of use" of thousands of Web applications and the "complexity of contribution" to Free Software. Le Ninivin's key idea is that code contribution should become "one click away", just like everything else, and should include a social experience that fun. This is how the Free Web started. A Free Web site is a Web site that includes a button "Script Me" that opens instantly a window with source code that can be modified by the Web user, used only by him or shared with his friends. Imagine something like Greasemonkey but without extension, completely universal and built-in into every Web site that intends to join the Free Web movement. Nexedi is now developing technologies to make this happen: scriptaweb.js is a Free Web bootloader that can be used to turn existing web sites into partially Free Web sites or that can be used new web sites that are fully Free jio.js provides an abstraction to access data. Consider it as a virtual filesystem or as virtual database that makes data in your javascript code independent of the browser of of the backend server and provides native offline support to any website render.js is a component system that helps developing reliable javascript applications made of independent reusable components If you are willing to help, please read this tutorial: learn.renderjs.org. It will teach you how to make applications or web sites which logic is fully implemented on the browser side (and can thus be changed by end users) yet keeps data either locally or on a remote server. Step 6: privacy This tutorial is over. It is now time to quit Google life and to think again about privacy. A recipe for a free enviroment with better privacy can be found in the article "My First Fully Free Laptop: a Chromium Book". It is based on a standard feature of Chrome OS: Guest Mode. What's next? Use and develop free web applications that do care of user privacy. Let us now act as active developers by create better applications for the Web that will protect user's data. Step 7: legacy Most developers still develop server based software in python, PHP, Java, etc. Most Free Software developers still use their own laptop or PC to develop. Obvisouly, existing legacy of server based software can not be ignored nor eliminated in one day. A solution is therefore needed to support legacy without slowing down the transition to the Free Web ideals. Some people try to keep their legacy laptop next to their chromebook or use chrome (or firefox) on their legacy laptop to develop Free Web applications. This is known as the worst approach because it prevents the mindset transition to happen. With vi, emacs, GNOME or KDE on the legacy laptop and Chrome OS on the chromebook, attraction to long beloved POSIX tools or keyboard shortcuts focuses the mind on thinking "how can I get on my chromebook what I have on my legacy laptop ?" rather than on thinking "how can I use a pure web based system efficiently and contribute to it ?". In the case of javascript developers using a legacy laptop or having one too close, will usually lead  developers to use a server based version of grunt and handle most of the build process on the server side, rather than thinking for example on how to implement efficient browser based source code analysis in a true Free Web spirit. This is why the approach I recommend is to put away any legacy laptop in a server room or in a closet, add to it a global IPv6 (with re6st for example) and never touch it again. Instead, use ssh or - better - a web based terminal optimized for high latency such as GateOne to access it, support legacy code or access legacy data. For new developments, use a Web based Platform as a Service (PaaS). If you are looking for a fully Free PaaS that supports any programming stack, use for example SlapOS Web Runner. SlapOS Web Runner can help a lot the transition to happen in a fully Web and devops spirit yet supports all legacy server based stacks with reasonable effort. If you need to quickly try some sofware in a legacy GNU/Linux distribution with minimal effort, use a Virtual Machine such as SlapOS VM For personal use, consider a dedicated server such as Kimsufi (4.99€ / month) or Online (5.99€ / month). Last, you will need good networking to support legacy. Take a 4G phone and use USB tethering to connect your chromebook to Internet from anywhere. If data connection of your telecommunication company is too poor, then change company or complement it. For example, users of Free in France get a great 3G connectivity outside France at low cost and a very poor one inside France outside 4G areas. Owning a Bbox Nomad in addition to a Free smartphone can be a good solution to get European-wide connectivity. Same happens in Germany where many rural areas get poor 3G or 4G connectivity. Combining multiple mobile data providers can be a solution sometimes. If one needs global roaming at reasonable price, then consider products such as youyoumob. It works everywhere, even in China, and has a reasonable cost. And if one needs connectivity virtually anywhere, then Thuraya is one of the ways to go. Acknowledgements I would like to thank Rafael Monnerat for teaching me the basics of Chromebook usage and for demonstrating how to use Chrome OS Guest mode in daily life. I would like to thank Cédric Le Ninivin for the idea of Free Web because it brings back hope for mass adoption of Free Software in a world dominated by Cloud services. Contact Jean-Paul Smets jp (at) nexedi (dot) com Jean-Paul Smets is the founder and CEO of Nexedi. After graduating in mathematics and computer science at ENS (Paris), he started his career as a civil servant at the French Ministry of Economy. He then left government to start a small company called “Nexedi” where he developed his first Free Software, an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) designed to manage the production of swimsuits in the not-so-warm but friendly north of France. ERP5 was born. In parallel, he led with Hartmut Pilch (FFII) the successful campaign to protect software innovation against the dangers of software patents. The campaign eventually succeeeded by rallying more than 100.000 supporters and thousands of CEOs of European software companies (both open source and proprietary). The Proposed directive on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions was rejected on 6 July 2005 by the European Parliament by an overwhelming majority of 648 to 14 votes, showing how small companies can together in Europe defeat the powerful lobbying of large corporations. Since then, he has helped Nexedi to grow either organically or by investing in new ventures led by bright entrepreneurs. Cédric Le Ninivin cedric (dot) leninivin (at) nexedi (dot) com Sven Franck sven (dot) franck (at) nexedi (dot) com related_documents discussions site_footer Company About Values Customers Innovation Free Software Career Contact Services ERP5 Enterprise SlapOS Managed Cloud Wendelin Managed Big Data News Twitter Facebook Blog Press Success Cases Related Sites One Student One ERP Open Source / Free Software JIO RenderJS OfficeJS SlapOS NEO re6st 沪ICP备14008524号
null
SearchCloudComputing Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchCloudComputing SearchServerVirtualization SearchVMware SearchVirtualDesktop SearchAWS SearchDataCenter SearchWindowsServer SearchSOA SearchCRM Topic Public cloud providers Public cloud View All Amazon Web Services cloud IaaS cloud deployment Open source cloud computing Applications View All Cloud desktop and application delivery Enterprise application integration with cloud providers Mobile cloud applications Network and application performance in the cloud Software as a Service and cloud computing XaaS Costs and management View All Cloud computing pricing and economics Cloud disaster recovery Cloud management and monitoring Negotiating service-level agreements and billing with cloud providers Development View All Big data and BI Building scalable websites in the cloud Cloud APIs and frameworks Cloud development and testing Cloud interoperability and portability High-performance computing in the cloud Platform as a Service and cloud computing Security View All Cloud computing standards and compliance Cloud governance Data security in the cloud Private cloud View All Hybrid cloud Cloud architecture design Cloud computing and virtualization Private cloud providers Public cloud View All Amazon Web Services cloud IaaS cloud deployment Open source cloud computing Public cloud providers Topics Archive View All Building a private cloud infrastructure Cloud backup Cloud computing business intelligence Cloud computing for VARs Cloud Computing Resources Cloud computing strategies for CIOs Use cases Infrastructure Cloud service provider business models CRM in the cloud Data center colocation services Data quality in test and development Linux and cloud computing Networking and cloud infrastructure planning Oracle in the cloud Public cloud computing services SaaS and cloud computing security SAP in the cloud SOA and cloud development VMware cloud computing WANs for cloud computing Windows Azure development Please select a category Applications Costs and management Development Security Private cloud Public cloud Section Evaluate News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities carloscastilla - Fotolia Why Google Cloud Platform services deserve a second look by Kurt Marko MarkoInsights Google Cloud services have evolved significantly over the past year, with an eye toward the enterprise. But there's still room for improvement in 2017. This Article Covers Public cloud providers RELATED TOPICS Amazon Web Services cloud IaaS cloud deployment Open source cloud computing Looking for something else? Find the best Azure instance types for your workloads Serverless showdown: Microsoft Azure Functions vs. AWS Lambda Are you up on the latest cloud technology news? TECHNOLOGIES Cloud Infrastructure Cloud computing stack Cloud pricing Virtual infrastructure management + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Google’s cloud explained in five quick links – SearchCloudComputing Getting a handle on Google Cloud Platform options – SearchCloudComputing Podcast interview: Forrester's Frank Gillett on cloud... – ComputerWeekly Sponsored News OpenFlow and Enterprise Networks Explained –Dell Why Consider the Private Cloud? Why Now? –IBM See More Vendor Resources Tapping Into the Transformative Potential of Public Clouds –Dell, Inc. Maximizing Business Email Security in Gmail –SearchSecurity.com The popularity of Amazon Web Services' public cloud makes it easy to overlook other large, competitive infrastructure as a service options, such as Google Cloud Platform. Most people are familiar with Google's cloud offerings through its online productivity software, Google Apps, which has been rebranded as G-Suite. However, its Google Cloud Platform services make it a serious cloud service competitor due to its infrastructure as a service option, known as Google Compute Engine, and platform as a service option, known as Google App Engine. But while the cloud provider made a series of steps in 2016 aimed at broadening its enterprise appeal, there is still work to be done in terms of integrating Google Cloud Platform services with on-premises legacy workloads. Let's examine the progress Google has made so far this year, including recent updates to its cloud platform, as well as the items that remain on cloud admins' wish list for 2017. Google Cloud Platform services and features Google Cloud Platform operates from redundant data centers in five regions, with several others set to open by 2017. The technology builds on the same infrastructure and data centers used for Google's consumer services, such as search, Gmail, Maps and YouTube. Because of this, few companies match Google's scale at building, optimizing and managing hyperscale infrastructure. Like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform has connected, but geographically distributed, infrastructure deployed in regions and availability zones; the former is a group of data centers in close proximity to enable automatic, site-level redundancy, while zones are widely separated regions that are isolated and independent. Google Cloud Platform reduces latency and improves performance through the synchronization of data between regions. Google Cloud Platform services fall into four main categories: Compute: Google Compute Engine for infrastructure as a service (IaaS); Google App Engine for platform as a service; and Google Container Engine, a set of Docker container images with cluster management and automation using Kubernetes. Storage: Google Cloud Storage Networking: Google Cloud DNS and Interconnect Databases: Google Cloud SQL, Google Cloud Datastore and Google Cloud Bigtable Key differentiators in pricing Compared to some other IaaS offerings, Google Cloud Platform services have greater granularity in billing and provide a simple model for usage-based discounts. Key features of Google's pricing structure include: Per-minute granularity: Usage for compute instances is calculated by the minute, with a 10-minute minimum, whereas AWS, by comparison, rounds to the nearest hour. Automatic discounts for sustained use: When an instance is used for more than 25% of a month, Google automatically applies a 20% discount for each incremental minute. Usage exceeding 50% and 75% a month gets escalating discounts, so the net discount for a month of full-time use is 30%. Custom-sized machine types: Like all IaaS offerings, Google Cloud Platform has standard t-shirt sizes and rates for compute instances. It also allows users to define custom sizes with proportionate pricing for workloads that don't conveniently fit into one of the predefined types. Custom instances can range from 1 to 32 virtual CPUs with up to 6.5 GB of RAM per vCPU. In addition, Google has reduced usage rates to reflect the declining costs of infrastructure, which together with its pricing model can result in savings. A commissioned paper from analyst firm Enterprise Strategy Group found savings over AWS of 15% to 50% for a mature enterprise application deployment. Google's higher-level services Like all IaaS providers, Google layers higher-level services on top of its basic infrastructure services. These include: App notification: Google Cloud Pub/Sub Identity management and security: Google Cloud IAM, Google Cloud Resource Manager and Google Cloud Security Scanner Big data analytics: Google Cloud Dataflow, Google Cloud Dataproc, Google Datalab and Google BigQuery Machine learning: model-driven algorithms using TensorFlow, image analysis, speech recognition and natural language processing and translation Management and automation: Stackdriver, Trace, Google Cloud Deployment Manager, Google Cloud Shell, Google Cloud Console and various service and billing APIs Room for improvement Under the leadership of former VMware CEO Diane Greene, Google Cloud Platform is beefing up monitoring, logging, automation, identity management and networking features to attract enterprise customers. Additionally, Google Cloud Platform is focusing on application containerization by making a technology that Google itself has long used to streamline deployments and improve infrastructure efficiency available to public cloud users. Although customers can run Linux and Windows applications in a virtual machine, it isn't easy to integrate Google Cloud Platform services with legacy, on-premises virtualization management platforms, such as VMware or Microsoft System Center. This makes Google Cloud Platform a poor choice for cloud laggards and organizations looking for a place to offload legacy virtual infrastructure and applications. Google Cloud Platform, instead, is ideal for cloud-native applications, particularly those using big data analytics or machine learning. Its container and automation features also make it a good platform for organizations that have adopted DevOps, continuous integration and delivery processes, and microservice-based application architectures. Next Steps Learn more about Google cloud services Explore Google Cloud Platform options Find out of Google Compute Engine fits your budget This was last published in October 2016 Dig Deeper on Public cloud providers All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service How the Microsoft-LinkedIn acquisition could reshape cloud apps Oracle IaaS has foothold with legacy shops, plays catch-up to AWS IBM hybrid storage play acknowledges enterprise realities Load More View All Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Oracle IaaS has foothold with legacy shops, plays catch-up to AWS IBM hybrid storage play acknowledges enterprise realities 2017 Impact Awards: Vote for the Best Public Cloud Migration Tool Load More View All News A Google cloud services guide for the enterprise IBM SoftLayer Microsoft Azure Marketplace Microsoft Azure VM Scale Sets Load More View All Get started How the Microsoft-LinkedIn acquisition could reshape cloud apps IBM's cloud strategy advances, but more work remains Find the best Azure instance types for your workloads Cloud computing employment trends shift from generalists to specialists Load More View All Evaluate Find the best Azure instance types for your workloads How to set up and manage Azure subscriptions Four ways to streamline cloud access security broker adoption How can I use Azure Resource Manager more effectively? Load More View All Manage Five things every cloud developer needs to know about Windows Azure Four things your public cloud provider will never tell you How four providers ranked in head-to-head cloud performance benchmarks Three things that could derail cloud computing success Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Chapter Deciding what goes where in a multi-cloud environment E-Chapter Why you'll likely need to work with multiple cloud providers E-Handbook How to select the right tool for managing in Azure Kurt Marko asks: What are the top features you look for in a cloud IaaS provider? Join the Discussion Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Server Virtualization VMWare Virtual Desktop AWS Data Center Windows Server SOA CRM SearchServerVirtualization Latest version of Hyper-V offers greater support for Linux VMs From support for Secure Boot to the ability to hot add, Microsoft has made a number of improvements and added new features to ... Test your knowledge of the virsh command-line interface tool It's important to have a working knowledge of the virsh command-line interface tool to effectively manage your hypervisor and VMs... Use a Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V shielded VM to improve host security There's been a great deal of buzz around the Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V feature, VM shielding. But how exactly does VM shielding... SearchVMware AWS and VMware forge cloud partnership for better integration AWS and VMware have formed an alliance to bring better cloud integration to customers, forcing other cloud providers to get ... VMware focuses on 'any cloud, any time' at VMworld 2016 Europe VMware disclosed plans to move beyond on premises, continued focus on the cloud and its partner program at VMworld 2016 Europe. Get a holistic view of your network with vRealize Network Insight VMware vRealize Network Insight promises to provide a comprehensive view of the network, as well as better NSX management. We put... SearchVirtualDesktop How NVIDIA vGPU aims to lighten the graphics rendering load The number of users working with graphics-intensive apps on virtual desktops is rising. IT should take time to learn about vGPU ... PCoIP performance problems push IT toward VMware Blast Extreme VDI shops looking for better virtual desktop performance and graphics rendering want to test out Blast Extreme in Horizon 7 after... Improved Skype for Business support helps VDI shops Until recently, IT shops experienced high bandwidth consumption and poor performance when it came to UC tools on VDI. That's ... SearchAWS Compare AWS Free Tier to free Google, Azure services Cloud providers use several methods to attract enterprises, including offering free tiers of service. But each cloud provider's ... AWS finds a place among multiple clouds, hybrid customers Cloud computing services have expanded into various choices for the enterprise. IT teams must decide whether to go all-in with ... Amazon Linux Container Image on premises is still all about cloud The Amazon Linux Container Image can now be brought on premises as Amazon seeks more ways to ease the transition to its public ... SearchDataCenter Building a disaster recovery architecture with cloud and colocation Creating a robust disaster recovery plan is no small task for IT teams. Explore how cloud and colocation can bolster an ... Undock your data center management strategy with mobile apps As mobile technology improves, smartphone apps for IT administration help data center managers monitor and troubleshoot ... IT organizations give nod to a free hypervisor option The lure of free can be the deciding factor for organizations evaluating which hypervisor best fits their needs, and help them ... SearchWindowsServer Windows Server 2016 networking features bolster control, security Windows Server 2016 boasts improved load balancing and new ways to protect the data center from DoS attacks. Microsoft closes zero-day exploit in November Patch Tuesday Microsoft's November Patch Tuesday seals a zero-day vulnerability, while Windows administrators seem to be taking October's debut... Windows Server 2016 license shakeup affects enterprise choices Organizations mulling an upgrade to a Windows Server 2016 license should understand the big differences in features available ... SearchSOA Deciding when it's time to combine containers and microservices Containers can offer wonderful benefits for microservices, but that doesn't mean they should always be used in conjunction. Tom ... App modernization starts with knowing how to evaluate PaaS providers To modernize legacy apps with PaaS technology, know the features and deployment options to consider when evaluating PaaS ... REST vs. SOAP: Choosing the best web service SOAP and REST offer different methods to invoke a web service. Learn the variations between the two approaches, including ... SearchCRM Navigate the challenges of location-based technologies Location data is used to not only provide navigation, but also to enhance customer engagement and improve marketing. But the path... Choosing contact-center infrastructure software Contact-center infrastructure purchases can be costly, but they also bring serious ROI through a boost in efficiency and customer... Election Protection helps voters with call center technology Election Protection handles upward of 100,000 calls per day as Election Day nears, routing calls from high-call-volume states ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2010 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Menu Deadline Business CBS Signs With Google’s Planned ‘Unplugged’ Streamin… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Trump Boosts ’60 Minutes’ Ratings On Busy Sunday TV Gwen Ifill Dies: PBS Journalist & Debate Moderator Was 61 by by David Lieberman TV HBO Renews ‘Westworld’, ‘Insecure’ & ‘Divorce’ by by David Lieberman Awards Hammond: Governors Awards Entice Oscar Contenders by by David Lieberman Business CBS Signs With Google’s Planned ‘Unplugged’ Streaming Service by David Lieberman October 19, 2016 12:20pm 4 Business Breaking News Corporate Affairs Technology CBS Google Unplugged CBS has made an agreement — and Fox and Disney are close behind — to supply programming to Google’s Unplugged, a long-awaited internet-based skinny bundle TV service, we’re told. Related Google Buys Video Sponsorship Facilitator FameBit In addition to CBS’ broadcast feed, the multiyear deal provides CBS-owned Pop and CBS Sports Network to Unplugged. The terms do not include The CW, which CBS co-owns with Warner Bros. Unplugged is expected to launch early next year and cost $40 a month or less. It will include some videos from Google’s YouTube Red. The CBS agreement could be important as Unplugged prepares to compete with several cable-like streaming services including DirecTV Now, a new offering from Hulu, and Dish Network’s Sling TV. Apple is still looking for ways to enter the field. Disney, Fox, Comcast’s NBCUniversal and Time Warner own Hulu. CBS has its own subscription streaming service: CBS All Access. The Wall Street Journal was first to report the CBS-Google pact. The major networks air television’s most popular programming, and are considered must-haves for services that hope to compete with cable and satellite — as well as each other. The challenge is to assemble enough popular programming without running up the cost. Most if not all of the major network owners have so-called Most Favored Nations deals with large pay TV providers that guarantee them the lowest price for popular channels. CBS’ agreement with Google has “a higher rate card …than it currently receives from other” pay TV services, Stifel research’s Benjamin Mogil says. He adds that Showtime isn’t part of the deal, and it doesn’t give Google more stacking rights — opportunities to watch previous episodes of a series on VOD — than CBS offers cable and satellite. Google is probably paying CBS about $3.00 per subscriber per month at first, growing to $4.00 over time, Guggenheim Partners’ Michael Morris estimates. “This is above our estimate of traditional retransmission rates (currently in the $1.50-$2.00/monthly range, ramping toward $2.50), and still below the company’s wholesale price on CBS All Access ($5.99/month),” he says. The online initiatives “will provide incremental leverage in future fee negotiations with traditional distributors.” CBS chief Les Moonves told an investor gathering last month that the industry is “still in the first inning” of figuring out online video services that might provide an alternative to traditional pay TV. Still, he believes “there’s a great deal of growth there” and he’s “very optimistic about all of them.” Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 4 4 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. nerdrage • on Oct 19, 2016 12:45 pm Good! Because viewers aren’t confused enough already! You know what happens when consumers are confused? They just say f this and go for the brand leader. And that’s why Netflix’s stock is soaring. The more confusion Hollywood sows in the streaming market, the more Netflix and Amazon benefit. Everyone below that cutoff point just jostles around in that dark, cacophonous underworld that is too noisy and annoying for consumers to want to dive into. Reply JT • on Oct 19, 2016 1:55 pm You people do know you can get all this for Free by putting a paper thin antenna up on one of your walls at home. Antenna costs around $50, and you get CBS, NBC, ABC, CW, Fox, etc etc for Free (instead of paying the $40/month they are proposing). Just saying… Reply JRM • on Oct 19, 2016 11:52 pm Good OTA reception is not a given for a lot of people, which is why cable even existed in the first place. Reply Anonymous • on Oct 19, 2016 3:02 pm Now if only CBS had any good shows Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 John Oliver: Donald Trump "Is Not Normal" 2 Critics' Choice TV Nominations Unveiled 3 Alec Baldwin: NBC Execs Killed Any 'SNL' Attempt "To Tell People Who To Vote For" 4 Gwen Ifill Dies: Longtime PBS Journalist Was 61 5 Donald Trump's Steve Bannon Appointment Dominates Early Morning News Cycle 6 Donald Trump "Fine" With Same Sex Marriage, Vague On Roe V. Wade And FBI Director James Comey Future In ‘60 Minutes’ Interview 7 President-Elect Donald Trump's 1st TV Interview Surges ‘60 Minutes’ Ratings, Seahawks Win Scores For 'Sunday Night Football' 8 North Carolina NBC Affiliate Censors Dave Chappelle's 'SNL' Performance - So In Case You Missed It... 9 Kate McKinnon Opens Trumpless 'Saturday Night Live' As Hillary Clinton Singing Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" 10 'The Simpsons' Addresses Its 2000 Prediction Of Donald Trump Presidency Latest Business News Roger Ailes Again Denies Sexually Harassing Megyn Kelly At Fox News Tom Hanks Returning To Cleveland To Help Ohio Film Biz Imax CEO Richard Gelfond Signs New Contract That Runs Through 2019 Federal Judge Makes No Immediate Decision On VidAngel Injunction Jason MacLeod Elected New Head Of Animation Guild Broadway Puts On A Happy Face With 14% Election Week B.O. Leap; ‘Hamilton’ $2.4M More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Chris Meloni to Star in Syfy's Happy! Graphic Novel… President Obama Disses Hillary Clinton For Losing Election: 'I… Oreo's new, life-changing candy bars just ruined World Diabetes… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife VarietyLatino TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2016 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2016 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! CBS joins YouTube’s streaming TV service, set to launch in early 2017 – The Verge Posted on October 19, 2016 by The Verge YouTube’s rumored TV service just got a major new partner. According to reports in The Wall Street Journal and Variety, CBS has signed a deal with Google to provide content to a new TV subscription service that will launch in early 2017. That service … Google Signs Up CBS for Planned Web TV ServiceWall Street Journal CBS Signs With Google’s Planned ‘Unplugged’ Streaming ServiceDeadline Report: Google reaches agreement with CBS for ‘Unplugged’ web TV service – Fox and Disney may followAndroid Police Engadget -Reuters -Fortune -Business Insider all 36 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 6:51 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Self-Driving Cars: Could California Testing Laws Prevent Google And Automakers From Development? By Reuters On 10/19/16 AT 6:17 PM Close Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google unit and automakers objected on Wednesday to California proposals to set new, mandatory rules for testing self-driving cars in the state, which industry officials said could hobble their efforts in the home to much of self-driving vehicle testing and development. Automakers and Google raised a litany of concerns about California's proposal at a hearing in Sacramento on Wednesday. They expressed opposition to the state proposal to require compliance with guidelines that federal regulators issued last month, but made voluntary. They questioned why California would require a new autonomous vehicle data recorder and what data they would be required to test, and they objected to a proposal they said would force a 12-month delay between testing a vehicle and deploying it on public roads. Automakers also questioned whether police should be able to get any self-driving data within 24 hours without seeking a warrant or subpoena. California regulatory policy is important to automakers and technology companies because of its impact on operations in the state, and because the policies enacted in the most populous U.S. state often influence what other states and other countries do. The proposed requirement that manufacturers generate a year of driverless testing data before applying for an operating permit drew objections from General Motors Co (GM.N), Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE), Honda Motor Co (7267.T), Ford Motor Co (F.N), and Google. The state's approach "could greatly delay the benefits that self-driving vehicles can bring to safety and mobility for individuals," said David Strickland, who heads the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets that includes Google, Ford, Lyft, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Volvo Car Group. Brian Soublet, deputy director of the California DMV, said Wednesday the department wants concrete suggestions to help improve its proposal. Soublet said the department will be considering potential changes over the next several months but he did not give a timetable for finalizing the rules. "The goal is making sure that we can get this life-saving technology out on the streets," Soublet said. California's proposal would allow for the absence of a human driver and a steering wheel in advanced self-driving cars. In December, California had proposed to require licensed drivers and controls in self-driving vehicles. Ron Medford, director of safety for Google's self-driving car project, said California's proposal to require manufacturers to obtain local approval is "unworkable." The rule could prevent manufacturers from testing a vehicle that can travel from one area to another. Advocacy group Consumer Watchdog urged California to prohibit autonomous vehicles without a human driver until federal regulators enact enforceable standards. (Reporting by David Shepardson. Editing by Joseph White) Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, November 15, 2016 7:58 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Drive Google, automakers object to California rules for self-driving cars Thursday October 20, 2016 06:13 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Frida Kahlo painting, unseen for 60 years, surfaces for sale Rooney out of Spain game, Henderson to captain England The Edit: Supermoon wows stargazers tonight Sweden starts grilling of Assange at Ecuador embassy Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Visitors look at a self-driving car by Google displayed at the Viva Technology event in Paris, France, July 1, 2016. — Reuters pic CALIFORNIA, Oct 20 — Alphabet Inc’s Google unit and automakers objected yesterday to California proposals to set new, mandatory rules for testing self-driving cars in the state, which industry officials said could hobble their efforts in the home to much of self-driving vehicle testing and development. Automakers and Google raised a litany of concerns about California's proposal at a hearing in Sacramento yesterday.  They expressed opposition to the state proposal to require compliance with guidelines that federal regulators issued last month, but made voluntary. They questioned why California would require a new autonomous vehicle data recorder and what data they would be required to test, and they objected to a proposal they said would force a 12-month delay between testing a vehicle and deploying it on public roads. Automakers also questioned whether police should be able to get any self-driving data within 24 hours without seeking a warrant or subpoena. California regulatory policy is important to automakers and technology companies because of its impact on operations in the state, and because the policies enacted in the most populous US state often influence what other states and other countries do. The proposed requirement that manufacturers generate a year of driverless testing data before applying for an operating permit drew objections from General Motors Co, Volkswagen AG, Honda Motor Co, Ford Motor Co and Google. The state’s approach “could greatly delay the benefits that self-driving vehicles can bring to safety and mobility for individuals”, said David Strickland, who heads the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets that includes Google, Ford, Lyft, Uber Technologies Inc and Volvo Car Group. Brian Soublet, deputy director of the California DMV, said yesterday the department wants concrete suggestions to help improve its proposal.  Soublet said the department will be considering potential changes over the next several months but he did not give a timetable for finalising the rules. “The goal is making sure that we can get this life-saving technology out on the streets,” Soublet said. California’s proposal would allow for the absence of a human driver and a steering wheel in advanced self-driving cars.  In December, California had proposed to require licensed drivers and controls in self-driving vehicles. Ron Medford, director of safety for Google's self-driving car project, said California’s proposal to require manufacturers to obtain local approval is “unworkable”.  The rule could prevent manufacturers from testing a vehicle that can travel from one area to another. Advocacy group Consumer Watchdog urged California to prohibit autonomous vehicles without a human driver until federal regulators enact enforceable standards. — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Drive Channel Most Viewed Now Week KIA's concept SUV uses tank treads instead of tyres (VIDEO) VW says Audi software can distort emissions in tests Why the sky could be the limit for this Ferrari 250 GTO Volvo XC70 voted most reliable by US car owners The BR-V crossover: Another game-changer from Honda? The BR-V crossover: Another game-changer from Honda? Malaysia Autoshow 2016 opens at MIETC A brief history of the Volkswagen Golf as its new model arrives All-new Volkswagen Passat now open for pre-booking Volkswagen plays it safe with 2017 Golf Most Watched Now Week 'Beauty and the Beast' first full-length trailer Reuters Video: Models with Down Syndrome team up with celebrities Reuters Video: Reflection ‘healthy’ for Democratic party, says Obama Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Related Articles Honda teases a pioneering all-terrain vehicle Google to name and shame the web’s worst malware offenders JJ Abrams makes surprise appearance at ‘Arrival’ premiere Singulato is China’s latest e-car newcomer to rev it up Daydream View brings Google’s VR experience to five countries Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Android 7.1 Developer Preview now available for Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, and Pixel C By Brandon Russell | October 19, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo As promised, Google has posted the Android 7.1 Developer Preview for the Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, and Pixel C. If you’ve opted into Google’s developer program, you can download the preview over-the-air right now. Or, if you aren’t privy to that route, you can flash the factory images or OTA files, which are linked here and here. For non-Pixel owners, the Android 7.1 update is fairly tame, though it does introduce a few cool features. For one, Google has introduced a new shortcuts feature that’s similar to Apple’s 3D Touch. Basically, when you long-press on an icon it will surface key shortcuts, allowing users to perform certain actions. In a messaging app, for example, you can quickly start a conversation through the shortcut. Additionally, Android 7.1 also introduces circular app icon support, enhanced live wallpaper metadata, and image keyboard support, the latter of which Google says was “much-requested” by developers. If you have a Google Pixel device, you’re already enjoying these features. For Nexus owners, you can start getting a taste for the new enhancements (sans Google Assistant, of course). Via Droid-Life Topics #Google #Android 7.1 #Nexus 6P Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 28-50 We set you thinking Tuesday 15 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet 1479166785 Business Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit 1479165911 World U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' 1479157785 Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win 1479165311 World New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town 1479160847 Business Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman 1479163783 Business Wall St. ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop 1479159621 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 15 1479134340 World Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens 1479163130 Business SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's 1479162175 World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt 1479163236 Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump 1479161233 Business Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source 1479161730 Business Big-name investors remained bearish on financials before U.S. election 1479154794 World In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State 1479148109 World Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election 1479158999 World Poland re-examines remains of president killed in 2010 plane crash 1479149793 World Merkel urges Germans to stay 'open-minded' 1479149557 World UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups 1479154867 World Austria doesn't need emergency cap on refugees now: minister 1479152896 World Islamic State claims suicide attacks as Mosul campaign makes slow progress 1479151562 World Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel 1479147743 World Nigerian police, Shi'ite Muslims clash in Kano state, at least nine dead 1479149009 World Congo cabinet resigns as part of deal for Kabila to stay 1479150433 World Prosecutors question Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London 1479150028 Business Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut 1479159093 Business Too early to tell impact of Trump policies: Fed's Kaplan 1479156434 Business Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight 1479150386 Business U.S. finalizes 'quiet cars' rules to prevent injuries 1479158115 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479148950 Business With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy 1479158008 World Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music 1479145554 Singapore Singapore, Malaysia likely to sign agreement on high-speed rail next month 1479153696 Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup 1479153695 Business SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares 1479153695 Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending 1479153695 Sports Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer 1479153694 Singapore Woman to be charged with making false police report 1479153694 Sports Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin 1479153694 World Malaysia not giving up on TPP 1479153694 Business Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival 1479153693 Business Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks 1479153693 Tech Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b 1479153693 Voices Institutional changes needed to prevent teen suicides 1479153692 Voices Malaysia’s new foreign-car levy may have unintended benefits for S’poreans 1479153692 Voices Will rise in waste collection fee mean a better service? 1479153692 World Drop in China’s CO2 emissions helps to hold down global levels: Study 1479153692 Sports Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber 1479153691 World Jakarta protest, tied to faith, may have deeper links to secular politics 1479153691 Voices Low confidence in Trump, but hopefully he grows into job 1479153691 Business Google signs CBS, in talks with others on web TV: sources The new Google logo is seen at the Google headquarters in Mountain View, California. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, October 20, 2016 Updated: 9:10 AM, October 20, 2016 Alphabet Inc's <GOOGL.O> Google has reached an agreement with CBS Corp <CBS.N> to carry the network on its planned web TV service and is in advanced talks with 21st Century Fox <FOXA.O>, Walt Disney Co <DIS.N> and Viacom Inc <VIAB.O> to distribute their channels, people with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Wednesday. The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube platform, is expected to launch in the first quarter and will include all of CBS's content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. Google's offering, known as a "skinny bundle" because it will have fewer channels than a typical cable subscription, will cost $30 to $40 a month, the source said. It was unclear which Fox and Viacom networks would be part of the Google service, two of the sources said. The sources requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential. A spokesperson for YouTube declined to comment. A representative at Disney was not immediately available for comment. CBS, Viacom and Fox declined to comment. Google will be launching into an increasingly crowded market. Dish Network Corp <DISH.O> and Sony Corp <6758.T in the past year have launched skinny bundles delivered over the internet to appeal to younger viewers who do not want to pay for cable. Both AT&T Inc <T.N> and Hulu, the online video service owned by Disney, Fox, Comcast Corp <CMCSA.O> and Time Warner Inc <TWX.N>, have streaming television offerings that are expected to go live in the next few months. Traditional cable operators also have unveiled smaller packages to fight "cord cutting" by consumers who are dropping their more expensive packages with hundreds of channels. The Wall Street Journal first reported the news. (http://on.wsj.com/2eShhLp) Google has been talking to media companies about its web TV for years, but its plans have just ramped up over the past few months, one of the sources said. Apple Inc <AAPL.O> had looked at a similar service but has shelved that plan for the time being, sources previously told Reuters. Shares of CBS, Viacom and Fox rose to session highs on the news before they pared gains. Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox ended up 0.6 percent at $25.12, Viacom rose 0.6 percent to $36.37, and CBS closed up 0.8 percent at $55.53. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Inside Today World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw Cinematic Taipei Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 28-50 We set you thinking Tuesday 15 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet 1479166785 Business Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit 1479165911 World U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' 1479157785 Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win 1479165311 World New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town 1479160847 Business Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman 1479163783 Business Wall St. ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop 1479159621 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 15 1479134340 World Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens 1479163130 Business SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's 1479162175 World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt 1479163236 Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump 1479161233 Business Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source 1479161730 Business Big-name investors remained bearish on financials before U.S. election 1479154794 World In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State 1479148109 World Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election 1479158999 World Poland re-examines remains of president killed in 2010 plane crash 1479149793 World Merkel urges Germans to stay 'open-minded' 1479149557 World UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups 1479154867 World Austria doesn't need emergency cap on refugees now: minister 1479152896 World Islamic State claims suicide attacks as Mosul campaign makes slow progress 1479151562 World Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel 1479147743 World Nigerian police, Shi'ite Muslims clash in Kano state, at least nine dead 1479149009 World Congo cabinet resigns as part of deal for Kabila to stay 1479150433 World Prosecutors question Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London 1479150028 Business Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut 1479159093 Business Too early to tell impact of Trump policies: Fed's Kaplan 1479156434 Business Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight 1479150386 Business U.S. finalizes 'quiet cars' rules to prevent injuries 1479158115 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479148950 Business With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy 1479158008 World Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music 1479145554 Singapore Singapore, Malaysia likely to sign agreement on high-speed rail next month 1479153696 Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup 1479153695 Business SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares 1479153695 Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending 1479153695 Sports Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer 1479153694 Singapore Woman to be charged with making false police report 1479153694 Sports Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin 1479153694 World Malaysia not giving up on TPP 1479153694 Business Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival 1479153693 Business Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks 1479153693 Tech Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b 1479153693 Voices Institutional changes needed to prevent teen suicides 1479153692 Voices Malaysia’s new foreign-car levy may have unintended benefits for S’poreans 1479153692 Voices Will rise in waste collection fee mean a better service? 1479153692 World Drop in China’s CO2 emissions helps to hold down global levels: Study 1479153692 Sports Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber 1479153691 World Jakarta protest, tied to faith, may have deeper links to secular politics 1479153691 Voices Low confidence in Trump, but hopefully he grows into job 1479153691 Business Google, automakers object to California rules for self-driving cars A Lexus version of a Google Self Driving car is shown in Moutain View. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, October 20, 2016 Updated: 11:30 PM, October 20, 2016 Alphabet Inc's <GOOGL.O> Google unit and automakers objected on Wednesday to California proposals to set new, mandatory rules for testing self-driving cars in the state, which industry officials said could hobble their efforts in the home to much of self-driving vehicle testing and development. Automakers and Google raised a litany of concerns about California's proposal at a hearing in Sacramento on Wednesday. They expressed opposition to the state proposal to require compliance with guidelines that federal regulators issued last month, but made voluntary. They questioned why California would require a new autonomous vehicle data recorder and what data they would be required to test, and they objected to a proposal they said would force a 12-month delay between testing a vehicle and deploying it on public roads. Automakers also questioned whether police should be able to get any self-driving data within 24 hours without seeking a warrant or subpoena. California regulatory policy is important to automakers and technology companies because of its impact on operations in the state, and because the policies enacted in the most populous U.S. state often influence what other states and other countries do. The proposed requirement that manufacturers generate a year of driverless testing data before applying for an operating permit drew objections from General Motors Co <GM.N>, Volkswagen AG <VOWG_p.DE>, Honda Motor Co <7267.T>, Ford Motor Co <F.N>, and Google. The state's approach "could greatly delay the benefits that self-driving vehicles can bring to safety and mobility for individuals," said David Strickland, who heads the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets that includes Google, Ford, Lyft, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Volvo Car Group. Brian Soublet, deputy director of the California DMV, said Wednesday the department wants concrete suggestions to help improve its proposal. Soublet said the department will be considering potential changes over the next several months but he did not give a timetable for finalizing the rules. "The goal is making sure that we can get this life-saving technology out on the streets," Soublet said. California's proposal would allow for the absence of a human driver and a steering wheel in advanced self-driving cars. In December, California had proposed to require licensed drivers and controls in self-driving vehicles. Ron Medford, director of safety for Google's self-driving car project, said California's proposal to require manufacturers to obtain local approval is "unworkable." The rule could prevent manufacturers from testing a vehicle that can travel from one area to another. Advocacy group Consumer Watchdog urged California to prohibit autonomous vehicles without a human driver until federal regulators enact enforceable standards. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Inside Today World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw Cinematic Taipei Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Chinese tech giant LeEco reveals its plan to take over America: Firm shows off phones, TVs, online video and music stores and even a self driving car and electric bike in bid to take on US tech market LePro 3 will sell for $400 and go up against Apple iPhone and Google Pixel Internet-connected TV with a 7-foot screen will be priced at $5,000 Company paid $2bn for US TV Vizio over the summer  LeEco also set to sell a range of other phones and TVs By Associated Press Published: 16:33 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 18:46 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail 17 shares 10 View comments Most U.S. consumers haven't heard of LeEco, but the Chinese technology company is setting out to become a household name with smartphones and flat-screen TVs that undercut the prices of Apple, Google, Samsung and other industry stalwarts. LeEco heralded its entrance into the U.S. market during a Wednesday showcase featuring a sleek smartphone called the LePro 3 that will sell for $400 and an internet-connected TV with a 7-foot screen priced at $5,000. LeEco positions the LePro 3 as an alternative to Apple's latest iPhone and Google's Pixel phone, whose prices both start at $650.  Rob Chandhok, LeEco North America chief research and development officer, holds a LePro 3 phone while speaking at the launch THE LEPRO3  SMARTPHONE  LeEco positions the $399 LePro 3 as an alternative to Apple's latest iPhone and Google's Pixel phone, whose prices both start at $650. It boasts a 5.5” FHD display, a 'class-leading battery size', stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos, and a Snapdragon 821 CPU. LeEco is promising its giant TV, called the UMax 85, will be as good or better than other high-end home entertainment systems that cost $8,000. Both the phone and TV will go on sale Nov. 2 in LeEco's online store, LeWeb.com. The company also is selling a smaller smartphone and smaller TVs with screens ranging from 43 inches to 65 inches. Besides the phones and TVs, LeEco also is coming to the U.S. with a virtual reality headset, a high-tech bicycle and an electric car in a challenge to Tesla Motors. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Catapult, Horizon and Voltron: Experts reveal the secretive... Has Adult FriendFinder been hacked AGAIN? 'Underground... Google to take on the cable companies with $25 a month... Megaquake fears rise as researchers find San Francisco's... Share this article Share 17 shares LeEco is promising its giant TV, called the UMax 85, will be as good or better than other high-end home entertainment systems that cost $8,000. The company wants to tie all the devices with various other services that it intends to bundle together, including an online video package of shows and movies that ties into its origins as the 'Netflix of China.' A SERIOUS CONTENDER? During the summer, the company paid $2 billion for budget-TV maker Vizio, a well-known brand in the U.S. that sells in Costco and other prominent chains.  It employs several hundred workers at its U.S. headquarters in San Jose, California, with ambitions to expand in Silicon Valley.  Earlier this year, it snapped up a 50-acre site in Santa Clara, California, where it has approval to build an office complex that could span up to 3 million square feet and accommodate about 12,000 workers. LeEco Chief R&D officer Rob Chandhok unveils the new LeEco Pro3 during a press event in San Francisco. LeEco, which stands for 'Happy Ecosystem,' is branching out to challenge technology leaders who have been able to demand a premium for their products partly because they have been pleasing U.S. consumers for years. A man looks at LeEco's Le S3 phone on display at the company's event in San Francisco, 'America is the most important global market for us,' LeEco CEO Jia Yueting said through a translator.  WHAT THE LEECO SMART BIKE DOES  Super Bike has a 4-inch display that pairs with a smartphone app, which has cloud connectivity. Along with this, it has a navigation system, push-to talk intercom, and numerous safety features.  The firm even revealed an electric bike at the event, which will go on sale later this year These include an on-board headlight and a tail-light, which contains side laser markers to create a visible bike lane. The bike also contains side lights mounted on the handlebars to equip the rider with turn signals, along with a horn and hydraulic disk brakes. And, it has an alarm system that is triggered by movement, an electronic parking brake, a fingerprint scanner, and location tracker. Super Bike also contains an array of sensors, including heart rate monitor.  'Once we get the hearts and minds of U.S. users, we can move on to the hearts and minds of global users.' Other Chinese companies that tried to make a splash in the U.S. consumer electronics market barely made a ripple. LeEco co-founder and SEE Plan Global Vice Chairman Lei Ding speaks at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. But LeEco is investing.  During the summer, the company paid $2 billion for budget-TV maker Vizio, a well-known brand in the U.S. that sells in Costco and other prominent chains.  It employs several hundred workers at its U.S. headquarters in San Jose, California, with ambitions to expand in Silicon Valley.  Danny Bowman, LeEco chief revenue officer, speaks at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) LeEco CEO Jia Yueting, right, and co-founder and SEE Plan Global Vice Chairman Lei Ding pose for photos after unveiling the LeSEE car at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Earlier this year, it snapped up a 50-acre site in Santa Clara, California, where it has approval to build an office complex that could span up to 3 million square feet and accommodate about 12,000 workers. 'They are not taking a half-baked approach,' said Gartner analyst Werner Goertz.  'But I think they are going to be hemorrhaging money for the foreseeable future. The question is how long they can sustain this strategy?' Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... Would you bring your dead spouse back to life with VR? Researchers say simulations are the 'evolution of... Samsung shifts into car tech to take on Apple and Google with massive $8 billion Harman purchase Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  749 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 6:51 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Google News: Internet Giant Agrees To Deal With CBS On Web TV Service By Reuters On 10/19/16 AT 6:01 PM Close Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) unit Google has reached an agreement with CBS Corp (CBS.N) to carry the network on its planned web TV service and is in advanced talks with 21st Century Fox (FOXA.O) and Viacom Inc (VIAB.O) to distribute its channels, three sources told Reuters on Wednesday. The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube Platform, is expected to launch in the first quarter and will include all of CBS' content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. Google's so-called "skinny bundle," with fewer channels than a typical cable subscription, will cost $30 to $40 a month, the source said. It was unclear which Fox and Viacom networks would be part of the Google service, two of the sources said. The sources requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential. A spokesperson for YouTube declined to comment. Google will be launching into an increasingly crowded market. Dish Network Corp (DISH.O) and Sony Corp (6758.T), which in the past year have launched skinny bundles to appeal to younger viewers who do not want to pay for cable. And both AT&T Inc (T.N) and Hulu, the online video service owned by Disney, Fox, Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) and Time Warner Inc (TWX.N), have streaming television offerings that are expected to go live in the next few months. The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the news, said Google was also in advanced talks with Walt Disney Co (DIS.N). (on.wsj.com/2eShhLp) A representative at Disney was not immediately available for comment. CBS, Viacom and Fox declined to comment. Google has been talking to media companies about its web TV for years, but its plans have just ramped up over the past few months, one of the sources said. Apple Inc (AAPL.O) had looked at a similar service but has shelved that plan for the time being, sources had previously told Reuters. Shares of CBS, Viacom and Fox rose to fresh session highs on the latest news before they pared gains. Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox ended up 16 cents at $25.12, Viacom rose 23 cents to $36.37, and CBS closed up 0.8 percent at $55.53. (Reporting by Jessica Toonkel in New York and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian and Richard Chang) Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 6:51 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Signs CBS For Web TV Service By Karen Tumbokon On 10/19/16 AT 6:00 PM Close Google has officially signed a deal with CBS to carry its broadcast content to its upcoming web TV series, according to the Wall Street Journal. Google’s rumored service “Unplugged” is expected to launch early next year and will include all content from CBS, including live NFL games, the sources said. Google’s "skinny bundle" will cost $25-$40 a month, the source said. The source requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential. The Wall Street Journal said ‘Besides CBS, other channels from CBS that will be part of the YouTube offering include Pop and CBS Sports Network. Related Stories Twitter Reportedly Ramping Up Virtual Reality Efforts Now You Can Order Your Lunch On Facebook '21st Century Fox channels under discussion include Fox Broadcasting, Fox News, FX, Fox Sports and National Geographic Channel, the people familiar with the matter say, while Disney-owned channels that could be part of the service include ABC, ESPN, Disney Channel and Freeform.’ Google’s Unplugged will most likely be separate from YouTube Red, which is the ad-free subscription offering the company launched in 2015. Google will be going into a crowded market. Dish network and Sony, have launched skinny bundles in the past year to viewers who aren’t interested in paying for cable. Google has been talking to various media companies for a while now, but recently started ramping up in the past few months, the source said. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Google inks deal with CBS for upcoming YouTube TV service By Cody Lee, Oct 19, 2016 Tweet 1 Comment Google has reached an agreement with CBS to carry the broadcast network on its upcoming TV service, reports The Wall Street Journal. Citing sources familiar with the matter, the deal marks the first major TV network to sign on to the service, which is expected to launch in 2017 on Google’s YouTube platform. The new service, dubbed Unplugged, aims to be a low-cost option targeting consumers who either have resisted subscribing to traditional pay-TV or cut the cord due to rising subscription costs.  Google is looking to offer a “skinny” bundle of live TV channels with a price in the range of $25 to $40 a month, according to media executives who have heard the pitch. […] Beside CBS, other channels from CBS that will be part of the YouTube offering include Pop and CBS Sports Network. 21st Century Fox channels under discussion include Fox Broadcasting, Fox News, FX, Fox Sports and National Geographic Channel, the people familiar with the matter say, while Disney-owned channels that could be part of the service include ABC, ESPN, Disney Channel and Freeform. The report says that Google is also nearing deals to distribute channels from 21st Century Fox and Walt Disney. One sticking point that has emerged is that Google is pushing for the rights to overlay data on feeds, such as relative tweets or sports stats, and TV networks are worried that this would taint their content. Still, Google’s progress thus far is noteworthy given how long Apple has been working to get a similar “skinny bundle” streaming TV service off the ground. It was expected to launch the service sometime last year, but stalled negotiations forced it to shelve the project. It has since refocused on original programming. Source: WSJ Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend YouTube planning to launch a live TV subscription service in 2017 Apple said to be launching new TV guide app tomorrow Google announces YouTube Go app for watching and sharing videos without using any data YouTube’s new Backstage section will let you share photos, polls, text & more with subscribers Related Topics CBS, Google, News, Report, TV, YouTube Tony I just hope CBS doesn’t dump it’s current app streaming service. It’s the only one I use to get local news.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Google announces 2016 Material Design Awards winners Apple might make rare trade show appearance at 2017 Mobile World Congress Google’s Chrome Canary experimental browser is now available on Android Igor Bonifacic October 19, 2016 5:31pm After a number of years of desktop exclusivity, Google Chrome Canary browser has finally made the jump to Android. Now available via the Google Play Store, this offshoot of Chrome allows users to try out experimental new features before they make it into the main release of Google’s web browser. Of course, there’s a catch: Google explicitly warns that updates are pushed to devices without prior human testing. Moreover, expect frequent downloads, with updates coming in at almost a daily cadence. Still, if you’ve ever wanted to be on the bleeding edge of tech, Canary is one way to do it. Download it from the Google Play Store. SourceGoogle Play ViaEngadget Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
null
Share 12 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Will Hot Car Death Dad Justin Ross Harris Get Life In Prison? The Verdict Is In Opinion 2016-11-14 Facebook’s Conservative Media Outlets Need To ‘Drain The Swamp’: News Bias, Lies, Clickbait, And Yellow Journalism Assassinate Hillary Clinton’s Character For A Fake Trump Crusade News 2016-11-14 Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened News 2016-11-14 New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Is The Google Pixel Really An iPhone 7 Killer? Mobile 12 0 0 October 19, 2016 Is The Google Pixel Really An iPhone 7 Killer? Daryl Deino Reviews have started coming in for Google’s new Pixel smartphone, and they are very positive. The Pixel is one of the best-reviewed smartphones this year, receiving even better reviews than the iPhone 7. CNET says the Pixel is pure Android at its absolute best. “If you’re wary of Samsung or looking for a worthy iPhone alternative, the Google Pixel is the high-end Android phone to get.” <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/LJTyVWVHq5M?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> The review adds that the Google Pixel has a great camera that takes great pictures in low light. CNET also likes the design and the fact that Google Assistant has a human approach when answering your voice. They didn’t like the fact that the Pixel is dim when in direct sunlight and that the phone is very expensive when compared to others. Joanna Stern of the Wall Street Journal says Google took a page from Apple and created the best Android smartphone. “Android people, please step forward. Good news! Your next phone-buying decision just got a heck of a lot easier. The Google Pixel is now the best Android smartphone you can buy. The other leading contender [Galaxy Note 7] was disqualified due to spontaneous combustion.” Then, there is the Verge, which claims Google hit a home run with its new smartphone. Google’s new smartphone may be the one to beat. [Image by Ramin Talaie/Getty Images] “Google is making a phone for the first time. It’s called the Pixel and it’s a Google phone inside and out, sold directly by the company to a mass audience for the first time. With Pixel, we finally get to see behind the veil and get an unmediated experience of Google’s very best shot at a phone. All the excuses that existed before for Android phones not living up to their potential won’t work here,” says critic Dieter Bohn, adding that both versions of the smartphone (a five-inch version and a 5.5-inch version) are actually manufactured by HTC. Most of the commenters after the review agree that Google finally hit the (smartphone) jackpot. “The Pixel got the same score as the iPhone 7. So, I am not upset. Life is good!!!!” exclaims Gohan19ken. “Really surprised honestly. For a first crack at a high end phone, this is amazing for Google. It won’t sell line hotcakes, but I honestly thought it’ll take a while before the make a device this good. I’m VERY impressed. I’m now so much more excited for my Pixel XL to arrive!” says Novi_Homines. The excitement for Google’s new smartphone has made waves on Twitter. I'm probably a little too excited my new @Google #Pixel phone shipped yesterday. — TDub (@TylerDawgden) October 19, 2016 I enjoyed this Google Pixel review by The Verge. I want a pixel! https://t.co/DNJd7D5Bzt — Francisco Solsona (@solsona) October 19, 2016 The Google Pixel appears to be a good choice for those who still haven’t traded in their Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphones. For many, the Galaxy Note 7 was the dream smartphone. Then, after reports that there were some exploding Note 7 devices, Samsung issued a recall. As the Inquisitr reported last month, consumers made a dash for replacement smartphones. Then, the replacement phones were recalled. Still, many Note 7 owners vowed to keep their smartphones until many airlines banned the phone. BBC News reports on the matter. “Carriers in Australia, Asia and Europe put the phone on a prohibited list over the weekend, which comes after the US banned the device last week. Carriers flying to the US inevitably had to follow suit, but the bans are spreading worldwide. In addition to several flag carriers taking action, Air Berlin, Dragonair and Virgin Australia now have bans.” As many sites in the United States have noted, it is now considered a federal crime in the United States to carry a Note 7 on a flight. After all the outstanding Google Pixel reviews, Samsung Galaxy Note users have no excuses not to trade in their smartphones. [Featured Image by Ramin Talaie/Getty Images] Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus, And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak Share 12 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Galaxy Note 7, Google Pixel, iPhone 7 Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues Wanda Sykes Booed Off The Stage For Trashing Trump [Video] Will Hot Car Death Dad Justin Ross Harris Get Life In Prison? The Verdict Is In Facebook’s Conservative Media Outlets Need To ‘Drain The Swamp’: News Bias, Lies, Clickbait, And Yellow Journalism Assassinate Hillary Clinton’s Character For A Fake Trump Crusade Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Jinger Duggar Vuolo, Jeremy Vuolo Give Update: Are They Okay After New Zealand Earthquake? ‘Alaskan Bush People’ Renewed: Season 6 Renewed, But There’s A Catch Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material Top Instagram Model Kendall Jenner Deletes Social Media Account Andy Cohen Responds To Criticism He Let Bullying, Violent Alcoholics Take Over ‘RHOC’ And ‘RHONY’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 50.5k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.2k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.3k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 10.5k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.7k 0 0 Recent Headlines Wanda Sykes Booed Off The Stage For Trashing Trump [Video] 0 0 0 Jinger Duggar Vuolo, Jeremy Vuolo Give Update: Are They Okay After New Zealand Earthquake? 4 0 0 Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material 0 0 0 Top Instagram Model Kendall Jenner Deletes Social Media Account 0 0 0 Andy Cohen Responds To Criticism He Let Bullying, Violent Alcoholics Take Over ‘RHOC’ And ‘RHONY’ 0 0 0 Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Google signs CBS, in talks with others on web TV - sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Entertainment News | Thu Oct 20, 2016 | 6:27am IST Google signs CBS, in talks with others on web TV - sources A man holds his smartphone which displays the Google home page, in this picture illustration taken in Bordeaux, Southwestern France, August 22, 2016. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau By Jessica Toonkel Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google has reached an agreement with CBS Corp (CBS.N) to carry the network on its planned web TV service and is in advanced talks with 21st Century Fox (FOXA.O), Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) and Viacom Inc (VIAB.O) to distribute their channels, people with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Wednesday. The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube platform, is expected to launch in the first quarter and will include all of CBS's content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. Google's offering, known as a "skinny bundle" because it will have fewer channels than a typical cable subscription, will cost $30 to $40 a month, the source said. It was unclear which Fox and Viacom networks would be part of the Google service, two of the sources said. The sources requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential. A spokesperson for YouTube declined to comment. A representative at Disney was not immediately available for comment. CBS, Viacom and Fox declined to comment. Google will be launching into an increasingly crowded market. Dish Network Corp (DISH.O) and Sony Corp <6758.T in the past year have launched skinny bundles delivered over the internet to appeal to younger viewers who do not want to pay for cable. Both AT&T Inc (T.N) and Hulu, the online video service owned by Disney, Fox, Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) and Time Warner Inc (TWX.N), have streaming television offerings that are expected to go live in the next few months. Traditional cable operators also have unveiled smaller packages to fight "cord cutting" by consumers who are dropping their more expensive packages with hundreds of channels. The Wall Street Journal first reported the news. (on.wsj.com/2eShhLp) Google has been talking to media companies about its web TV for years, but its plans have just ramped up over the past few months, one of the sources said. Apple Inc (AAPL.O) had looked at a similar service but has shelved that plan for the time being, sources previously told Reuters. Shares of CBS, Viacom and Fox rose to session highs on the news before they pared gains. Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox ended up 0.6 percent at $25.12, Viacom rose 0.6 percent to $36.37, and CBS closed up 0.8 percent at $55.53. (Reporting by Jessica Toonkel in New York and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Chang and Leslie Adler) Next In Entertainment News Aerosmith to say "Aero-Vederci" with 2017 European tour LONDON U.S. rockers Aerosmith, together for some 45 years, will embark on a "farewell" European tour next year, the group said on Monday, kicking off the series of shows in Israel. Ferragamo's falling Europe sales weigh on 9-month revenue, core profits MILAN Italian luxury group Salvatore Ferragamo posted on Monday a 0.7 percent fall in 9-month core profits, just below expectations, dragged by falling revenues in Europe. Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music CARACAS Struggling to contain an economic crisis and an opposition push to remove him, Venezuela's socialist leader Nicolas Maduro has launched a radio show devoted to salsa music in an effort to cheer the nation and boost his faltering image. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India announces new measures to increase supply of cash Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Cloud G Suite's productivity updates could win Google some fans in the enterprise Google recently unveiled a slew of new features that could make its G Suite app collection more useful for professionals. By Conner Forrest | October 19, 2016, 1:13 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Google On Wednesday, Google showed off some new updates to G Suite (formerly Google Apps for Work) that could help the service gain more traction among business professionals. According to Google's blog post on the matter, the new features are backed by machine intelligence and are "designed to speed up and simplify the way you work." The first new feature is Action Items, which essentially help employees track down who is responsible for a specific document or spreadsheet. The Google post cites McKinsey Global Institute research that claims employees currently spend roughly 20% of their work week looking for details or answers to a question. Users can manually assign an Action Item to a specific colleague by simply making a comment in Docs, Sheets, or Slides and mentioning their name. The user will then be prompted to assign that task to the mentioned employee, who will then be alerted of their assignment. SEE: G Suite: The new Google office in the cloud (ZDNet) For example, the post mentioned that if a user were to type a phrase such as "Ryan to follow up on the keynote script," or "Andrea to schedule a weekly check in," it would know through natural language processing (NLP) to prompt an Action Item. Must-Read Cloud Why there's no compelling use case for hybrid cloud Pokemon Go: How the cloud saved the smash hit game from collapse Switching clouds: What Spotify learned when it swapped AWS for Google's cloud Tech Pro Research: Cloud computing policy When a user has been assigned an Action Item, he or she will see a badge on any Doc, Sheet, or Slide presentation that they're supposed to follow up on. It will also show them "any unresolved suggestions that others have made to their files," the post said. G Suite Forms are also getting smarter, with neural networks powering suggestions for predicted questions and answer options as you build a form. Google claims that that this can save users 25% of the time needed to create a form. Forms are also getting a File Upload question type, were respondents can upload files that will be collected in a new folder within Google Drive. However, as noted in the post, "This feature is only available for G Suite customers in Forms shared within their organization." Additionally, Docs are getting new voice control features for formatting text color, inserting links and comments, and more. G Suite is also getting a Slack integration, so that Slack users will be able to import files from Google Drive directly in a Slack chat using the "+" icon. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Google's G Suite is getting new productivity features like Action Items, which show users what tasks they have been assigned within a Google Doc or Sheet. Google Forms are getting an NLP boost that will suggest questions and answer types, as well as a new File Upload option for Forms. G Suite is also getting a Slack integration, making Drive files importable to Slack chats and more. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Google Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see How to configure G Suite for HIPAA compliance (TechRepublic) Google announces tools to 'democratize' machine learning (ZDNet) How to auto-install Google Hangouts on Android devices in your G Suite domain (TechRepublic) Dear tech industry: Stop renaming stuff all the time. Just. Stop. It. (ZDNet) Amid security concerns, Google's Allo virtual assistant is still worth a look (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard New Atlas Mobile Technology Google Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Emily FerronOctober 20th, 2016 32 pictures Putting the Google Pixel XL toe-to-toe with the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, the leading Android phabletView gallery - 32 images We've already compared the first Google-made phablet with its closest predecessor (Nexus 6P) and its Apple adversary (iPhone 7 Plus). How does Pixel XL measure up against its most formidable Android challenger, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge? Size Pixel XL is almost 3-percent taller and 4-percent wider than the smaller, rounder Galaxy S7 edge. Weight As would be expected, the Pixel is heftier, too. It weighs in 11 grams heavier than the S7 edge. For some perspective, that's about the weight of one alkaline AAA battery. Build Samsung's S7 series phones have a standout build. Thanks to their completely rounded edges and streamlined aluminum frame, they almost feel as if they were completely made of glass. Google's flagships have a minimalist aluminum unibody with hits of gloss here and there. Not exactly tantalizing, but not offensive either. Colors Each phone has a trio of variants. Pixel XL brings black, silver and blue to the table; S7 edge goes black, silver and gold. Water resistance S7 edge has an industry-leading water resistance rating; it's safe in up to 1.5 meters of water for up to 30 minutes. Pixel XL has no such protection. Display size Samsung does a better job at packing in the screen space. Even though the Pixel is bigger, they both have the same roomy 5.5-inch display. Display resolution The two phones have identical Quad HD resolution and pixel density. Display type They also both use AMOLED over IPS displays, so you can expect saturated colors and true blacks. Pressure-sensitive display Neither touchscreen differentiates between a light touch and a harder press. So far, only Apple is taking advantage of pressure-sensitive displays in its 3D Touch feature. Curved display You may not be able to tell from front-facing photos, but the S7 edge's display actually wraps around the front edges of the phone. The curved display is a major contributor to the phone's unique look. Home button Pixel XL has an onscreen home button that takes up a sliver of space at the bottom of the display. S7 edge has a mechanical home button offscreen. Camera megapixels The pair has matching megapixels in the rear camera, but Pixel packs more into the front camera. Camera aperture (rear) S7 edge has a slightly larger camera aperture, an engineering decision meant to yield better quality low-light photography. Optical image stabilization Optical image stabilization, a prevalent feature in this year's flagships, didn't make it onto the Pixel. Dual-lens camera Dual-lens cameras are starting to pop up in a few smartphones, but not in these two. Battery The Samsung battery is 4-percent bigger, which is reflected in overall battery life. According to Google, Pixel XL gets up to 32 hours of talk time and up to 14 hours of internet use or video playback over Wi-Fi. By Samsung's count, the S7 edge should be good for up to 36 hours of talk time, 15 hours of internet, or 19 hours of video. Charging/data port Like many of this year's Androids, Pixel XL opts for the reversible USB-C port. S7 edge clings to an older microUSB charger. Fast charging You won't need to be plugged in all day. Both phones have fast charging features, where a few minutes worth of charging affords hours of power. Wireless charging The S7 edge can be wirelessly charged, but not the Pixel. Processor These two processors have matching clock speeds, but their manufacturer, Qualcomm, says the 821 offers a 10-percent performance increase over the 820. Outside of the US, China and Japan, S7 edge has an octa core Exynos 8990 chipset. RAM When it comes to RAM, both phones have a generous 4 gigabytes. Internal storage Pixel XL is offered in 32 or 128 gigabyte capacities. With the S7 edge, you can choose 32, 64, or 128 gigabytes. External storage As far as external storage goes, you're out of luck with the Pixel. The S7 edge is expandable up to 256 gigabytes via microSD. VR headset These two phones are the top competitors in mobile VR. Pixel XL is the premier pairing for Google Daydream, and now that the Note 7 is dead, the S7 edge is the best phone for using with the Gear VR headset. Headphone jack No need to scramble for an adapter; neither Google nor Samsung has axed this dedicated jack. Fingerprint sensor The fingerprint sensor is on the back of the Pixel. The S7 edge builds it into the home button. Mobile payments Samsung Pay is accepted in more places than Android Pay. Why? Samsung utilizes both NFC (near field communication) and magnetic secure transmission (MST), which mimics the swiping of an actual card. That means merchants don't need an NFC transponder to use it, like they do for Android Pay. Virtual assistant Pixel and Pixel XL are the first phones to have Google Assistant built-in. Google Assistant is the newest iteration of Google Now, and it's being billed as a smarter Siri. Samsung offers a voice-control feature called S-Voice and also supports Google Now. Operating system The Pixels are Google's first-born children, and as such they'll be first in line for all the latest and greatest software. Google guarantees the phones will receive all software updates for two years and all privacy updates for three years. Pixel XL launches with Android 7.1 Nougat. S7 edge is currently running Android Marshmallow with its Samsung TouchWiz interface on top. Samsung has promised a Nougat update, but has not given a specific timeline. Release The Pixels are brand new; the Galaxy 7 series has been around for most of the year. Samsung launches its flagships in the spring, so it may be tempting to wait a few more months to see if the next Galaxy generation is worth the wait. Starting price Expect to pay top dollar for these industry headliners. Samsung prices fluctuate depending on carrier and payment plan, but count on paying almost US$800 for the S7 edge. Opting for the Pixel XL instead will only save you about $21. From their essentials (processor, operating system, display) to their bells and whistles (VR compatibility, fast charging, camera), these two smartphones are neck-and-neck. We consider the Samsung's main strengths to be its good looks, water resistance, external storage and well-established Gear VR content. Pixel XL seems to have camera, operating system and virtual assistant advantages. For more, you can check out our full reviews of the Google Pixel XL and Galaxy S7 series. View gallery - 32 images New AtlasGoogle Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1 / 32 Tags #Product Comparison #Samsung Galaxy S7 edge #Phone Comparisons #Smartphones #Google Pixel Share this article Show 1 comment Recomended for you Latest in Mobile Technology The HTC Bolt offers a big boost in data speeds – for a select few Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Oak dock puts augmented reality on the table Latest phone comparisons Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Google Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google Pixel XL vs. Nexus 6P Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address unused Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google is turning spreadsheets, documents and presentations into to-do lists – PCWorld Posted on October 19, 2016 by PCWorld Google is trying to do away with the tiring process of figuring out who’s supposed to do what after a meeting wraps up. A new Action Items feature in G Suite for its Docs, Sheets and Slides apps lets users add a comment asking one of their coworkers to … Google’s G Suite gets five new productivity featuresTechCrunch Google’s G Suite Update Makes it Easier to Stay on TaskPC Magazine Google Suite Updates Takes Productivity Tools Beyond Basic Content CreationForbes VentureBeat -TechRepublic -Engadget -ZDNet all 15 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Another cheap, wonderful Android smartphone that nobody will buy Chris Mills BGR NewsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share There's two separate wars in the smartphone market today. On one side, you have big brand names fighting to sell expensive smartphones to customers, still largely in Verizon stores on two-year financing contracts. On the other, you've got no-name Asian firms selling the same phones (or better!) for half the price, but only online and cash up front. LeEco is the latest entrant to the cheap Android world. It announced two phones today, costing $300 and $150 for phones that can hold their own (or outdo) the very best Android phones on the market today, or at least the ones that don't explode. We should be freaking out about devices these good being sold for this little money. But we're not, because about ten people total are going to order this phone, and that's a little sad. DON'T MISS: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 The two phones LeEco announced today both look very good. The Le Pro3 is the flagship phone, which will retail for $300, including a $100 rebate when it launches. It has a Snapdragon 821 processor, the same as in Google's new Pixel phone. There's a 5.5-inch display with Gorilla Glass up front, 16-megapixel camera, fingerprint sensor, giant 4000mAh battery, svelte (if not original aluminum chassis), and 4GB of RAM. In every spec that can be measured, this is a phone that can compete with the very best Apple, Google and Samsung have to offer. It costs half of what those companies charge. And it's still going to be a flop. OnePlus has done this already. Huawei already released an utterly fantastic Android phone for $400 this year. But because there's no brand-name recognition, no easy financing option and no AT&T rep suggesting the phone to you in a physical store, very few will get sold. Sure, there's the usual groups of geeks and wise individuals on budgets who will buy and love this phone. But for most people who matter, most people who just walk into a store when the rep calls and says it's time for an upgrade, LeEco and Huawei and OnePlus might as well not exist. Never mind the fact that these are the only companies doing anything exciting, by managing to build a genuine flagship phone for half price. When Google launched the Pixels, I wrote that it was brave of the company to charge $600+ for basically the same phone that LeEco is now selling for $300. But at least Google is selling through Verizon, so it will have some kind of retail presence. I'm not sure if LeEco is expecting a modest advertising campaign and low prices to drive massive online sales, but I suspect it will be disappointed. Trust with Android phones is a little lacking right now, in the wake of the Note 7 disaster (and yes I've had multiple conversations in the last week about "those exploding Android phones"), and people are even less likely than usual to buy from a Chinese brand with a weird name they've never heard of. Fingers crossed, it won't stay this way. Carrier subsidies are dying a (very slow) death, opening the door a little more to buying phones upfront. That will favor the upstart brands more, because faced with the choice between a $700 Samsung and a $300 no-name phone, people will take a second look at the LeEco. There will always be a problem, however. LeEco and OnePlus can sell phones for a couple hundred bucks because their margins are razor-thin. They can't cut prices to wholesale to carriers, offer salespeople generous commission, or spend billions on ad campaigns. They have to rely on much stealthier marketing methods, like OnePlus's surprisingly successful invite system. But while Apple can still charge $1000 for a fancy iPhone and keep on pumping out ads like this, the companies working hard to make fantastic cheap phones are going to be left out in the cold. As someone who doesn't really enjoy spending money on things -- and hates Apple's total dominance atop the pile -- it's all kinda sad. Trending right now: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 Return to the ‘Pokemon Sun and Moon’ demo on these days for special rewards These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Tonight’s supermoon will be the most spectacular so far BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › australia cities development UK europe americas asia middle east africa home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Australian politics Australia politics live with Gabrielle Chan Turnbull and Abbott trade barbs on guns-for-votes issue – as it happened PM joins ministers Dutton and Keenan to say Abbott’s office knew about deal with Leyonhjelm; same-sex marriage plebiscite bill clears lower house; jobless rate falls to 5.6% and part-time jobs’ share of employment grows; Dfat heads of mission knew of Wyatt Roy’s Iraq trip; NSW deputy premier offers support for Adler ban until gun is reclassified; Leyonhjelm hits back at Abbott claim on gun-ban deal. As it happened Updated Malcolm Turnbull (right) listens to Tony Abbott delivering a personal explanation at the end of the House of Representatives’ question time. Photograph: Lukas Coch/AAP Gabrielle Chan Thursday 20 October 2016 01.30 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 26 October 2016 18.13 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 11.14pm EDT 23:14 Justice minister Michael Keenan ALSO contradicts Abbott on guns-for-votes issue. 11.08pm EDT 23:08 Immigration minister Peter Dutton contradicts Abbott on guns-for-votes issue. 11.32pm EDT 23:32 Malcolm Turnbull: Tony Abbott's office knew about the Leyonhjelm guns-for-votes deal 11.44pm EDT 23:44 Turnbull confirms Tony Abbott was wrong on guns-for-votes 10.47pm EDT 22:47 Cathy McGowan votes for free marriage vote in parliament, then for plebiscite 10.29pm EDT 22:29 Plebiscite bill clears the lower house. Now for the Senate. 9.37pm EDT 21:37 Unemployment = 5.6% Live feed Show 1.30am EDT 01:30 Night time politics Malcolm Turnbull, immigration minister Peter Dutton and justice minister Michael Keenan all contradicted their former PM’s statement that there was no deal with David Leyonhjelm to trade a sunset clause on the Adler shotgun in return for his vote on a migration bill. Tony Abbott then rose and claimed to have been misrepresented by Labor questioning, but repeated his assertion there was no deal and that his ban was acting on security advice that the Adler shotguns were flooding the country. While he aimed the barbs at Labor, it was obviously really aimed at his former cabinet colleagues. During Abbott’s statement, Turnbull and four of his senior ministers stayed to hear the answer. The day marks a new low for the split in the Coalition MPs from Abbott, since he started freelancing on the issue of gun control. His actions will now set him apart from many conservative colleagues such as National party MPs who were hoping for a less emotive debate on the Adler, not to mention many of his Liberal colleagues, who will not thank him for throwing guns on the table in a week when the unions and the CFMEU were supposed to be the issue. Also today, we learned that the government through the Department of Foreign Affairs and trade knew of plans by former Liberal MP Wyatt Roy in Iraq because they were told he was interested in any “meetings” while he was there. Dfat told him there was a no travel order on the country but it contradicts a statement from Julie Bishop that the government knew nothing of it. The government’s plebiscite bill passed the lower house but is expected to be blocked in the senate by Labor, the Greens, the Xenophons and Derryn Hinch. That’s enough for tonight. Here is a string of magnificence from Michael Bowers to give you a flavour of the day. Thanks to Paul Karp, Gareth Hutchens, Ben Doherty and Katharine Murphy for their input. See you in two weeks time when parliament resumes on 7 November. Go well. Mikearoo (@mpbowers) Scenes from a personal explanation #DealOrNoDeal @gabriellechan @GuardianAus #politicslive pic.twitter.com/BFAtVHTAtT October 20, 2016 Tony Abbott makes a personal explanation. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian Deputy PM Barnaby Joyce talks to the prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, during question time. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian Kate Ellis during a division in question time. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian Anthony Albanese during question time in the House of Representatives this afternoon. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian Labor’s Julie Owens uses Auslan, Australian sign language, during a member’s statement. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian Updated at 1.43am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.57am EDT 00:57 Does the member claim to have been misrepresented? Tony Abbott makes a personal explanation after question time. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian Most egregiously Mr Speaker. The in crowd: Malcolm Turnbull, foreign minister Julie Bishop, environment energy minister Josh Frydenberg, financial services minister Kelly O’Dwyer and treasurer Scott Morrison. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian Julie Bishop trains her death stare at Tony Abbott. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47am EDT 00:47 Sky News Australia (@SkyNewsAust) Turnbull insists the Justice Minister acted with the full knowledge of PMO when brokering deal on Alder shotguns. https://t.co/7Ioso12b2p October 20, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.46am EDT 00:46 Sky News Australia (@SkyNewsAust) Abbott says claims he 'connived' to broker a deal on shotgun imports are 'utterly false'. https://t.co/5gJ6jS6PkH October 20, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.43am EDT 00:43 So to recap, Labor asked a series of detailed questions of the prime minister, immigration minister and justice minister relating to the Adler gun. In the process of answering, Malcolm Turnbull, Peter Dutton and Michael Keenan confirmed that Leyonhjelm was offered a sunset clause on an import ban on Adler shotgun in return for supporting a migration bill. Tony Abbott then rose to make a personal explanation, which is a process that allows members to claim they were misrepresented. Malcolm Turnbull, Kelly O’Dwyer, foreign minister Julie Bishop, treasurer Scott Morrison and environment energy minister Josh Frydenberg – who had been walking out – stopped to listen to the answer. Mikearoo (@mpbowers) PM Turnbull halts on his way out as Tony Abbott makes a personal explanation about the Adler shotgun @gabriellechan pic.twitter.com/yzyDVuwGfT October 20, 2016 Abbott said there was no deal and quotes security advice which said the Adler should be banned. This leaves us at a stalemate. They said-he said. If you have Sky, it might be worth tuning into Peta Credlin tonight. Updated at 12.46am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.37am EDT 00:37 The point to make about Abbott’s note is that just because there were security grounds for Abbott’s import ban, this does not mean a deal was not done between Keenan-Dutton and Leyonhjelm. The two factors are not mutually exclusive. In fact, if there were such strong grounds for stopping the Adler imports, then it made no sense to put a sunset clause on it. Updated at 12.40am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19am EDT 00:19 Tony Abbott quotes his advisor’s note on security. It said of the Adler shotgun: 7,000 Adlers preordered 20,000 Adlers ordered 10,500 Adlers already in the country. Abbott said had order gone ahead it would have more than doubled the number of Adlers. An old shotgun had been used in the Lindt seige and shut down the city, he says. The advisor’s note relates to the security reasons for keeping the guns off the streets. The note said the Adler would have gone into the same category as an air rifle. Updated at 12.57am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.12am EDT 00:12 He says any Leyonhjelm deal for a vote is false. Essentially calling his former ministers liars. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.11am EDT 00:11 OMG Tony Abbott is giving a personal explanation. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.10am EDT 00:10 Of course the government shut down the Labor motion below. The government gets one more question. Turnbull delivers a firm and fairly defiant answer on his economic plan, looking at the opposition but directed at his backbench. Updated at 12.11am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 7 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Australian politics Malcolm Turnbull Tony Abbott Bill Shorten David Leyonhjelm More… Gun control Liberal party Coalition Labor party Scott Morrison Penny Wong Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia selected cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Australia › Australian politics Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Google Starts Shaping Up “Unplugged,” Its YouTube-Based Pay-TV Service Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Google Starts Shaping Up “Unplugged,” Its YouTube-Based Pay-TV Service Image courtesy of RiddimRyder October 19, 2016 4:25 pm EST By Chris Morran@themorrancave year of the cord cutter google google unplugged SlingTV directv now playstation vue streaming video cord cutting People looking to cut the cable TV cord will be getting more options in the months to come, with AT&T still planning to launch its DirecTV Now streaming service by year’s end, and news that Google is signing up broadcasters for the YouTube-based live-TV offering it hopes to launch in early 2017. This is according to the Wall Street Journal, which reports that Google has made a deal with CBS to carry its network on the streaming service — currently being called “Unplugged” — and that the internet giant is close to deals with both 21st Century Fox and Disney (parent company to ABC and ESPN). With a monthly price in the range of $25 to $40, Unplugged appears to be targeting some of the same audience attracted to Dish’s Sling TV — the first major entrant into this over-the-top cable-replacement market — and Sony’s PlayStation Vue, the first true attempt at a cable-replacement streaming service. Sling starts at $20/month and offers around two-dozen popular cable channels, including ESPN, but not live network TV. For that, you need to ante up at least $25/month for a package with around 40 channels including live Fox and NBC (in certain markets) but not ESPN. To get all of Sling’s cable channels and the two broadcast networks, it will run you $40/month. For folks who want streaming broadcast TV, Sony’s PlayStation Vue starts at $40/month, but can include live access to all four major networks. (There is also a less-expensive Vue option that does not include any live network TV.) Users can eventually pile on 100-plus channels to their Vue plan, but at prices that go up to $75/month. The Journal reports that Google’s Unplugged will be based on the YouTube platform, but will remain separate from the YouTube Red premium service. The company’s hope appears to be that it can convert the countless eyeballs on YouTube’s free video platform into pay-TV subscribers, though it may not bode well that YouTube Red doesn’t have anywhere near the household name recognition that Netflix, Amazon Prime, or Hulu do. Speaking of Hulu, the subscription streaming service jointly owned by Disney, Fox, and Comcast’s NBC, is also reportedly looking into a live-TV option, but the logistics of that could be complicated given that, in certain markets, it would directly compete with Comcast for pay-TV customers. October 19, 2016 By Chris Morran@themorrancave year of the cord cutter google google unplugged SlingTV directv now playstation vue streaming video cord cutting Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related it's coming AT&T CEO Says DirecTV Standalone Streaming Service Will Launch By End Of 2016 year of the cord cutter Why Cord-Cutters Aren’t Getting The Holy Grail TV Of Streaming Services Just Yet year of the cord cutter AT&T CEO: DirecTV Now Streaming Service Will Cost $35/Month, Launch Next Month dare to stream Sling TV Finally Adding Live Network TV, Multi-Stream Support. Is It Worth It? less value for your vue PlayStation Vue Ditches Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Spike, BET, CMT & Many More Previous Report: Kroger Isn’t Interested In Buying A Few Hundred Walgreens Stores Next Apple: 90% Of “Apple” Power Accessories Sold On Amazon Are Fake Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Apple: 90% Of “Apple” Power Accessories Sold On Amazon Are Fake Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google to take on the cable companies with $25 a month 'Unplugged' online TV service - and CBS has already signed up Search giant also in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Believed Unplugged 'skinny bundles' will cost $25-40 per month Will include live NFL games, and is expected to run on YouTube platform  By Reuters Published: 15:59 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 16:57 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail 80 shares 28 View comments Google has signed a deal with CBS Corp to carry the network on its web TV service and is in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Inc to distribute its channels, three sources told Reuters on Wednesday. The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube Platform, is expected to launch early next year and will include all of CBS' content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. Google's 'skinny' bundle will cost $25 to $40 a month, the source said. Scroll down for video  The service would bring all of CBS's content, including The Big Bang Theory, to the Google Unplugged service. THE INTERNET TV WARS  Earlier this year, Hulu said today it will offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Dish's Sling TV and Sony's PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. Apple is also believed to be developing a similar service.  According to the Wall Street Journal, the service will be called Unplugged.  It is unclear which Fox and Viacom networks would be part of the Google service, two of the sources said. The sources requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential.  However, the Wall Street journal said 'Beside CBS, other channels from CBS that will be part of the YouTube offering include Pop and CBS Sports Network.  '21st Century Fox channels under discussion include Fox Broadcasting, Fox News, FX, Fox Sports and National Geographic Channel, the people familiar with the matter say, while Disney-owned channels that could be part of the service include ABC, ESPN, Disney Channel and Freeform.' Google and Disney were not immediately available for comment.  CBS, Viacom and Fox declined to comment. The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the news, said Google was also in advanced talks with Walt Disney Co. Earlier this year, Hulu said today it will offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Megaquake fears rise as researchers find San Francisco's... Has Adult FriendFinder been hacked AGAIN? 'Underground... Ahead of their time: An ancient group in Africa used heat to... 'The find of the century': Mammoth tooth that may be 3... Netflix soars on Stranger Things success: Huge growth in new... How our ancestors drove the spread of STIs: Researchers find... Google's AI can book your vacation: New update warns users... AI's should be allowed to patent their inventions:... Share this article Share 80 shares Hulu will also offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Sling TV and PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Dish's Sling TV and Sony's PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. Apple is also believed to be developing a similar service.  Yesterday it was revealed online entertainment platforms Netflix and Amazon are now spending more on programmes than traditional television networks, said a new study published Monday. Analysts said the two streaming giants spent $7.5 billion (6.6 billion euros) last year on their own series and shows, far more than big players such as the BBC and even ahead of US networks like CBS, HBO and Turner. Netflix and Amazon more than doubled their expenditure on programming from 2013 to 2015, IHS Markit said in the first findings of its new production report released to coincide with the MIPCOM world entertainment trade show in the French resort of Cannes. Amazon spent $2.67 billion in 2015 on their own series and shows ©Leon Neal (AFP/File) Amazon spent $2.67 billion in 2015, and Netflix nearly twice as much at $4.91 billion. 'The levels of investment we are seeing from Netflix and Amazon are only topped by Disney ($11.84 billion) and NBC ($10.27 billion),' said Tim Westcott, senior IHS senior analyst. He said the huge sums flowing in from the big two as well as Hulu in the US and China's Youku Tudou, iQifyi and Tencent are 'shaking the foundations of the traditional TV industry', he added. NETFLIX STORMS TO SUCCESS WITH STRANGER THINGS  Netflix added many more subscribers in the third quarter than analysts expected as new original shows such as 'Stranger Things' kept users hooked to the service, sending the company's shares up 19 percent in extended trading on Monday. The company, which had reported disappointing subscription growth for the last two quarters, forecast current-quarter subscriptions that blew past analysts' expectations. Netflix added about 3.20 million subscribers internationally in the third quarter, beating the average analyst estimate of 2.01 million. However, he said it was very premature to declare that the era of traditional TV was over. 'Netflix and Amazon have come hard on the heels of a boom in production of original drama and comedy by the likes of (cable networks) AMC and FX in the US.' There were 148 new drama shows aired by basic cable networks in the US last year, up from 96 in 2013, the report added. So far this year, there have been 113 scripted basic cable shows, 78 on the networks, 31 on premium cable and 57 online. As recently as 2012, only three online shows were made.   Read more: Google Signs Up CBS for Planned Web TV Service - WSJ Share or comment on this article e-mail 80 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... Would you bring your dead spouse back to life with VR? Researchers say simulations are the 'evolution of... Samsung shifts into car tech to take on Apple and Google with massive $8 billion Harman purchase Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  770 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google, automakers object to California rules for self-driving cars By Reuters Published: 17:01 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 17:01 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail By David Shepardson Oct 19 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc's Google unit and automakers objected on Wednesday to California proposals to set new, mandatory rules for testing self-driving cars in the state, which industry officials said could hobble their efforts in the home to much of self-driving vehicle testing and development. Automakers and Google raised a litany of concerns about California's proposal at a hearing in Sacramento on Wednesday. They expressed opposition to the state proposal to require compliance with guidelines that federal regulators issued last month, but made voluntary. They questioned why California would require a new autonomous vehicle data recorder and what data they would be required to test, and they objected to a proposal they said would force a 12-month delay between testing a vehicle and deploying it on public roads. Automakers also questioned whether police should be able to get any self-driving data within 24 hours without seeking a warrant or subpoena. California regulatory policy is important to automakers and technology companies because of its impact on operations in the state, and because the policies enacted in the most populous U.S. state often influence what other states and other countries do. The proposed requirement that manufacturers generate a year of driverless testing data before applying for an operating permit drew objections from General Motors Co, Volkswagen AG, Honda Motor Co, Ford Motor Co, and Google. The state's approach "could greatly delay the benefits that self-driving vehicles can bring to safety and mobility for individuals," said David Strickland, who heads the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets that includes Google, Ford, Lyft, Uber Technologies Inc and Volvo Car Group. Brian Soublet, deputy director of the California DMV, said Wednesday the department wants concrete suggestions to help improve its proposal. Soublet said the department will be considering potential changes over the next several months but he did not give a timetable for finalizing the rules. "The goal is making sure that we can get this life-saving technology out on the streets," Soublet said. California's proposal would allow for the absence of a human driver and a steering wheel in advanced self-driving cars. In December, California had proposed to require licensed drivers and controls in self-driving vehicles. Ron Medford, director of safety for Google's self-driving car project, said California's proposal to require manufacturers to obtain local approval is "unworkable." The rule could prevent manufacturers from testing a vehicle that can travel from one area to another. Advocacy group Consumer Watchdog urged California to prohibit autonomous vehicles without a human driver until federal regulators enact enforceable standards. (Reporting by David Shepardson. Editing by Joseph White) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google signs CBS, in talks with others on web TV -sources By Reuters Published: 21:01 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 21:01 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail By Jessica Toonkel Oct 19 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc's Google has reached an agreement with CBS Corp to carry the network on its planned web TV service and is in advanced talks with 21st Century Fox, Walt Disney Co and Viacom Inc to distribute their channels, people with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Wednesday. The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube platform, is expected to launch in the first quarter and will include all of CBS's content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. Google's offering, known as a "skinny bundle" because it will have fewer channels than a typical cable subscription, will cost $30 to $40 a month, the source said. It was unclear which Fox and Viacom networks would be part of the Google service, two of the sources said. The sources requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential. A spokesperson for YouTube declined to comment. A representative at Disney was not immediately available for comment. CBS, Viacom and Fox declined to comment. Google will be launching into an increasingly crowded market. Dish Network Corp and Sony Corp <_6758.T who="who" appeal="appeal" have="have" do="do" viewers="viewers" bundles="bundles" past="past" younger="younger" not="not" the="the" delivered="delivered" font="font" launched="launched" cable.="cable." internet="internet" year="year" for="for" want="want" skinny="skinny" pay="pay" over="over" in="in" to="to"> Both AT&T Inc and Hulu, the online video service owned by Disney, Fox, Comcast Corp and Time Warner Inc , have streaming television offerings that are expected to go live in the next few months. Traditional cable operators also have unveiled smaller packages to fight "cord cutting" by consumers who are dropping their more expensive packages with hundreds of channels. The Wall Street Journal first reported the news. (http://on.wsj.com/2eShhLp) Google has been talking to media companies about its web TV for years, but its plans have just ramped up over the past few months, one of the sources said. Apple Inc had looked at a similar service but has shelved that plan for the time being, sources previously told Reuters. Shares of CBS, Viacom and Fox rose to session highs on the news before they pared gains. Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox ended up 0.6 percent at $25.12, Viacom rose 0.6 percent to $36.37, and CBS closed up 0.8 percent at $55.53. (Reporting by Jessica Toonkel in New York and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Chang and Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Google spotlights race, gender gaps in computer science education Black students are less likely to have computer science classes in school compared with white or Hispanic students, according to findings by Google in partnership with Gallup. Computer science class are popping up in K-12 schools around the U.S. but race and gender gaps persist in these classes. According to Google, even though black students are 1.5 times more intereseted in studying computer science than their white peers, they are less likely to take computer science classes.  (Dreamstime)   By Jessica GuynnTRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE Wed., Oct. 19, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO—New research from Google shows that black students are less likely to have computer science classes in school and are less likely to use computers at home even though they are 1.5 times more interested in studying computer science than their white peers. The findings are part of a report released Tuesday by Google in partnership with Gallup that puts the spotlight on the racial and gender gap in K-12 computer science education. Google says its aim with the research, which surveyed thousands of students, parents, teachers, principals and superintendents, is to increase the numbers of women, blacks and Latinos in computer science. Computer science classes are popping up in K-12 schools around the country. The growing effort is coming from many quarters — the National Science Foundation, the College Board, Freada Kapor’s SMASH Academy, Black Girls Code, Girls Who Code, Code.org and major tech companies such as Google — all searching for the best way to put computers and computer know-how in the hands of kids from all racial, ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds. On Monday, a coalition of computer scientists released a framework for what K-12 students should know about computer science. Parents and educators have joined the call for computer science classes, leading to a big jump in the number of schools reporting they offer at least one computer science class, to 40 per cent up from 25 per cent the year before, says Brandon Busteed, executive director of education and workforce development at Gallup. But disparities persist in who has access to computer science education. Structural and social barriers still keep girls and under-represented minorities from studying computer science, says Google’s Sepehr Hejazi Moghadam. Article Continued Below “Ultimately we have got to steer away from computer science education being a privilege for some and move towards more broad access to quality computer science learning for all students,” Moghadam said. Silicon Valley’s major tech companies are staffed mostly by white and Asian men. Google says it’s hiring more black and Hispanic workers: 4 per cent of hires in 2015 were black and 5 per cent were Hispanic in 2015. But the increased hiring has not budged the overall percentage of under-represented minorities in the Google workforce, with Hispanics making up 3 per cent of the workforce and African Americans 2 per cent. Seven out of 10 employees at Google are men. That’s a pressing problem for Google. Latino and African-American buying power is on the rise and Google has ambitions that now lap the globe. Having women and under-represented minorities brainstorming and building, not just using, the products dreamed up by Google is quickly becoming a necessity. “For us, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures within the company and the industry overall lead to the creation of better products and services that meet the needs of all users,” Moghadam said. Among the research findings: -Black students are less likely to have computer science classes in school compared with white or Hispanic students. Forty-seven per cent say they have dedicated computer science classes compared with 58 per cent of white students and 59 per cent of Hispanic students. -Black and Hispanic students are less likely than white students to use computers at home. Some 58 per cent of black and 50 per cent of Hispanic students say they use a computer at least most days at home compared with 68 per cent of white students. The research found that students who use computers less at home are less confident in their ability to learn computer science. -Black and Hispanic students are more likely than white students to have learned computer science outside of the classroom. -Black and Hispanic students are more likely than their white peers to be interested in learning computer science. Black students are 1.5 times and Hispanic students are 1.7 times as likely as white students to be interested in learning computer science. -Black and Hispanic parents want their children to learn computer science. Of parents whose child has not learned computer science, 92 per cent of black and Hispanic parents want their children to learn computer science vs. 84 per cent of white parents. -Girls are less likely than boys to report being told by parents or teachers they would be good at computer science (39 per cent vs. 56 per cent of boys) and are less likely than boys to be aware of computer science learning opportunities outside of school. Read more about: Google The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 11°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Joe Biden memes aim to get last laugh on Trump Tweets depict imaginary conversations of Obama trying to rein in his vice-president Joe Biden on pranks or worse against the incoming American president. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
null
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Internet Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 14, 2016 04:10:37 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Internet | New Tag Helps Google News Readers Unearth Facts By Richard Adhikari Oct 19, 2016 12:43 PM PT Google last week launched a Fact Check tag to help readers find fact-checking in major news stories published in the United States and the UK. Readers will see tagged articles in the expanded story box on news.google.com and in the Google News & Weather apps for iOS and Android. One factor the Google News algorithms consider in determining whether an article might contain fact checks is the Schema.org ClaimReview markup. Another is whether sites follow commonly accepted criteria for fact checks. Although there's a slew of biased media reports about the presidential candidates, the Fact Check tag "is aimed at all stories, not just political ones," Google said in a statement provided to TechNewsWorld by company rep Maggie Shiels. "The tag has just launched, so you will likely see an uptick in the coming weeks." Applying the Fact Check Label Google requires that discrete claims and checks be identified easily in the body of Fact Check articles. Readers should be able to understand what was checked, and what conclusions were reached. Analysis must be transparent about sources and methods, with citations and references to primary sources. The organization must be nonpartisan, with transparent funding and affiliations. It should examine a range of claims in its topic area instead of targeting a single person or entity. Article titles must indicate that a claim is being reviewed, state conclusions reached, or simply indicate that the contents consist of fact checking. Google News may apply the Fact Check tag to content published with fact-checking content adhering to its criteria. Google may remove sites that don't follow the criteria for the ClaimReview markup from Google News, or ignore the site's markup. What's in a Tag "Done well, where valid news stories that report ethically and accurately are used, this could really help journalism and the public," said Lynn Walsh, national president of the Society of Professional Journalists. "For journalists, it's just one more validation that their work is trustworthy," she told TechNewsWorld. "For the public, it provides a way to cut through the clutter that sometimes exists -- like articles that don't clearly distinguish between fact and opinion." However, there's a risk that tagged articles may not be fully vetted, accurate or ethically reported, Walsh warned. "With this just launching it's too early to tell, but this is something I think journalists and news organizations should watch closely." Who Watches the Watcher? "It appears that Google's depending on fact checking collectives to police themselves and is then simply utilizing fact checkers that conform to the standards of the collectives," said Michael Jude, a program manager at Stratecast/Frost & Sullivan. "This is OK, but Google may face issues unless it makes the quality of its fact checking very clear," he told TechNewsWorld. "A disavowal of the accuracy of fact checking seems likely at some point." Another concern is whether Google is "attempting to credential articles and reporters as legitimate, and others as non-legitimate," Walsh said. There's a need for legitimizing sources, but "this could be a slippery slope," she cautioned. "We have a right to publish and speak freely in this country no matter who you are." Richard Adhikari has written about high-tech for leading industry publications since the 1990s and wonders where it's all leading to. Will implanted RFID chips in humans be the Mark of the Beast? Will nanotech solve our coming food crisis? Does Sturgeon's Law still hold true? You can connect with Richard on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Richard Adhikari Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Gadget Ogling: Mac's Back, Nintendo Returns, and Huawei Goes to the Edge Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Signs Up CBS for Planned Web TV Service – Wall Street Journal Posted on October 19, 2016 by Wall Street Journal Google Inc. has reached an agreement with CBS Corp. CBS 0.74 % to carry the broadcast network on its soon-to-be-launched web TV service, people familiar with the matter said. The new service, which will be housed on Google’s YouTube platform, is likely … CBS Signs With Google’s Planned ‘Unplugged’ Streaming Service: ReportDeadline Google reportedly signs CBS for web TV serviceTechCrunch Google is locking up deals for a new internet TV serviceBusiness Insider Android Police -BGR -Reuters -TechnoBuffalo all 11 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Apple is holding its Mac event on October 27th in Cupertino Google’s Chrome Canary experimental browser is now available on Android Google announces 2016 Material Design Awards winners Igor Bonifacic October 19, 2016 4:29pm Google just announced the winners of its second annual Material Design Awards. While no Canadian-made apps made the cut, most Android users will be familiar with at least a couple of the finalists, including Airbnb. The home rental platform was recognized for the “Focused Efficiency” of its app. Each app highlights a best practice espoused by Google in its Material Design guidelines. “Essential tasks are satisfied through precise design, routing users clearly and briskly from sign in, to browsing, to booking a reservation. By neatly segmenting larger goals into smaller steps, Airbnb is able to sidestep the appearance of complexity, making the overall experience feel comfortable,” said Google’s Rich Fulcher of the company’s attractive Android app. Other finalists include Kitchen Stories, Asana, Fabulous – Motivate Me! and C Channel. With the exception of C Channel, which is localized for Japanese and Thai users, Canadians can download each of the apps to see what the software design crew at Google considers a well-designed and executed app experience. The five winners will be honoured at the SPAN LA on October 27th. Visit the webpage Google has put up for the 2016 Material Design Awards to see why Google picked each app. SourceGoogle Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
null
Next: up in Technology: 'What's So Cool About Manufacturing' videos News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Technology Gizmo Guy: Google's Pixel: Great battery life, connectivity, and it doesn't explode Updated: October 20, 2016 — 1:08 AM EDT Facebook icon 4Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Here's why people are burning their New Balance sneakers Nov 13 - 1:15 PM Puerto Rico is dumping off its heroin addicts in Philly Nov 12 - 5:18 AM RAMIN TALAIE / Getty Images Google’s Pixel phone comes just as Galaxy Note 7 is laid to rest. by Jonathan Takiff, Staff Writer Twitter icon @JTakiff Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @JTakiff Jonathan Takiff Staff Writer Jonathan Takiff writes about technology for the Inquirer. More by Jonathan Takiff No way we're extinct, indie toy sellers say, and they plan to prove it Saturday Nov 9 Gizmo Guy: Why so many consumers are buying beds online Nov 6 Comcast brings 'frenemy' Netflix into the fold Nov 4 The timing of the new Google Pixel phones debut is so apt it seems like an orchestrated plot. Hitting Verizon Wireless stores Thursday, the Pixels are popping out of the bushes barely a week after Samsung pulled its flagship, overheating Galaxy Note 7 from the market, leaving lovers of Samsung phones and their (Google-crafted) Android operating system feeling vulnerable and open to the option of changing horses mid-stream. So what are the first review assessments of the Pixel? All over the map. At the extremes, the New York Times' Brian X. Chen has slammed the Pixel as "mediocre" while the Telegraph of London has hailed it "a worthy Android rival to the iPhone." There isn't even a clear consensus on Google's history in the phone business. "We've waited a long time for a Google phone," declared that hyped-up Telegraph writer, James Titcomb, ignoring that Google has been marketing phones under the Nexus brand name since January 2010. Venture Beat's Emil Protalinski called the Pixel "the first phone that Google has designed inside and out." However, other writers have cited HTC as a partner on this project, just as it was on the original Nexus One. But plow through enough reviews for the Nexus 7, er, 5-inch Google Pixel and 5.5 inch-Pixel XL, and some cream rises to the top. Or curdles. Get your charge on. If there's one thing everybody likes about the Pixel, it's the 22-26 hour talk/music playing/texting time available between battery charges. That's almost double the 14-hour run time of the iPhone 7 (to Apple's abiding shame) and a few hours more than you get with a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Reviewers also froth about the superfast recharger option for the Pixel's battery, adding 7 hours of run time after just 15 minutes on the cradle. But no one has asked if that revved-up recharging process might cause the lithium ion battery to fail prematurely. Ask again, in six months. Screen quality. Those who've merely inspected the Pixel's OLED screens indoors call them color and contrast knockouts, with the Pixel XL's "Quad HD" screen (2560x1440 pixel resolution) making it an especially good partner for the new Daydream View VR goggles and software Google will be pushing shortly. Outdoors under a bright sun, organic light emitting diode screens don't perform as well. Google assistant. Depending on who and what you ask, Google's newly upgraded, voice-activated Artificial Intelligent tool is either far better than Apple's Siri or a shocking disappointment. Google claims its ability to search for answers and build a profile on users is unmatchable. Wired's Victoria Woollaston writes Google Assistant helps make the Pixel XL a "must buy for Android fans . . . the way [it] uses context to answer questions is quite astonishing." On the other hand, Chen scoffed that Assistant couldn't even find the TV show Westworld. Camera skills. At its U.S. introduction, Google pulled out a study that characterized the Pixel's 12.3 MP rear camera and 8 MP front camera the best in the biz. And CNET has affirmed it "takes awesome pictures." But other reviewers who've bothered to compare shots have found cameras with similar specs in the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 Edge to be of equal or better merit - with the iPhone 7 notably superior on close-ups and color accuracy. Pixel's flash shots scored best. Ease of setup. Pixel smartphones carry internal software and a "quick switch adapter" cable for easily moving stuff (contacts, messages, calendars, music, photos) from your old phone (iOS or Android) to the newbie. Several reviewers have been impressed by this - and by Google's offer of "unlimited" cloud storage space for your photos and videos on Google Photos. But for safety's sake, a Pixel adopter should always back up everything on your old phone to a computer, first. And be aware that the "smart storage" feature in Google Photos may then remove older backed-up photos and videos "when you run out of space." Sure sounds like a contradiction of the "unlimited" storage promise. Cheap connections. Google Pixel buyers can jump to the head of the line to sign up for Project Fi, Google's new and dirt-cheap high-speed phone service, previously available only to Nexus phone owners. The alternative keeps the monthly bill at $30 by shifting your calls on-the-fly between Wi-Fi networks (where available) and one of three partner service providers: Sprint, T-Mobile and US Cellular. Chen is high on the option, says the tech works great in his neck of the woods (San Francisco). But our recent attempt to conduct an interview with a Project Fi-connected mobile caller in Manhattan proved a stuttering, frustrating, "can you hear me now?" (no!) disaster. takiffj@phillynews.com 215-854-5960 @JTakiff More Coverage Samsung's ditching of flagship phone portends Android turf war Oct 12 - 1:53 AM Note 7 fiasco could burn a $17 billion hole in Samsung accounts Oct 11 - 10:00 PM Published: October 19, 2016 — 3:08 PM EDT | Updated: October 20, 2016 — 1:08 AM EDT The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business PhillyDeals › Trump could end Obama's overtime rule, which could be a good thing Business › Busy signals, long waits might be back for Pa.'s jobless Business › Thousands of Philly nurses to protest Lannett gets FDA approval for generic dementia medicine Lannett Co., a generic drug maker based in Northeast Philadelphia, said Monday the Food and Drug Administration has approved its generic version... Trump spells doom for set-top box reforms at FCC, observers say Former Nova Bank exec gets 14 months in prison Brian M. Hartline, 52, former chief executive of the defunct Nova Bank, was sentenced Monday to 14 months in prison and fined $50,000 for his... New studios, galleries part of South Philly art school's development plan Thos. Moser goes modern with city's millennials and empty nesters The Madlyn and Leonard Abramson Center for Jewish Life names trustees Campbell Soup names division president If Donald Trump does what he promised... Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News Google Sets Deal With CBS for Broadcast-Centric Skinny Bundle Service By Cynthia Littleton,  Oriana Schwindt 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Jeff Chiu/AP/REX/Shutterstock October 19, 2016 | 01:17PM PT Google has reached a deal with CBS Corp. to carry the Eye network as part of the skinny bundle channel package that the tech giant aims to launch early next year. Google intends to launch the low-cost streaming package under the YouTube umbrella, industry sources said. Google’s moves in this area add a heavyweight contender to the crowded field of “virtual MVPDs” lining up to reach the next generation of pay TV subscribers with services delivered via broadband rather than traditional wired cable, satellite TV or telco packages. It’s understood that the Google-CBS deal will also encompass carriage of CBS-owned CBS Sports Network and Pop, the entertainment cabler that CBS jointly owns with Lionsgate. Google is said to be close to a deal with 21st Century Fox for carriage of the Fox broadcast network and key cable channels including its flagship FX, Fox Sports and National Geographic brands. Related YouTube Orders Shows From Dwayne Johnson, Dan Harmon, Doug Liman Google is said to be focused on locking in the major broadcast networks as the “anchor tenants” of its bundle, according to a TV industry insider with knowledge of the discussions. But ABC and NBC are not as far along in talks with Google, industry sources said. Disney/ABC is said to be sorting through numerous rights and carriage concerns in Google’s offer. Talks with NBC are likely complicated by the fact that Google’s service will compete squarely with the core cable business of Peacock’s parent company, Comcast. Google is said to be willing to launch without NBC for the sake of getting its package out in the market ahead of similar offerings coming next year from Hulu and possibly Apple. AT&T’s DirecTV is also staking out the OTT pay TV market with its DirecTV Now package scheduled to launch by year’s end. Related YouTube CEO: TV’s Loss of Viewers Is Our Gain CBS and Google declined to comment. News of CBS’ deal with Google was first reported Wednesday by the Wall Street Journal. Google has a lot of competition in its quest to capitalize on the rising ranks of cord cutters and cord nevers. Dish Network launched its Sling TV service in January 2015. Sling offers two different basic packages for $20 a month, to which customers can add various themed channel packs for $5, or tack on premium channels like HBO or Starz. It currently has an estimated 764,000 subscribers, according to SNL Kagan. Sony’s PlayStation Vue product is essentially a regular-sized cable package delivered via the internet — with a monthly cost of $40 for 60 channels. Vue is more expensive than Sling, though it also includes more channels. Vue only launched nationwide in March, so subscriber numbers are a little thin. Hulu announced in May that it would be launching a live OTT package in early 2017. Hulu has only officially signed Turner networks on, but deals with Disney and 20th Century Fox are just about done. Analysts put the potential price for the package around $40. Related NBCUniversal in Talks to Join Hulu Channel Bundle (EXCLUSIVE) AT&T’s DirecTV Now is a bid to offer consumers more mobility in their video package, but it is not designed to be a low-cost service. The product is set to launch toward the end of 2016 with more than 100 channels, an offering for customers who want to watch their TV anywhere they are, and who don’t want to have to deal with a satellite dish or having to wait for the cable guy. AT&T will benefit from savings on equipment costs, improving the margins of customer acquisition and support expenditures. It’s also part of AT&T’s big push to get consumers to sign up for its high-speed data service. Currently, AT&T has signed on the likes of NBC Universal, Disney and Viacom. Holdouts include CBS and Fox, though the company is prepared to launch DirecTV Now without those channels and bring them into the fold once a deal can be reached. Related Virtual Reality in Depth: Inside Google’s Quest to Bring Back 3D Video (EXCLUSIVE) Google has also been offering TV packages over the internet to its Google Fiber customers since its inception, giving customers a robust lineup of around 180 channels for an extra $60. But an August report from The Information said Google is cutting costs at its Fiber division, halving the staff. Analyst Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson estimated in early September that Google Fiber had just 68,715 TV subscribers. Meanwhile, Google has been taking big steps to enhance the video offerings on YouTube, which remains the world’s most-watched digital video platform. A year ago, the company launched YouTube Red, the $10 a month subscription service that gives customers access to exclusive video content and Google Play’s streaming music library — and, more importantly, also removes all ads from all YouTube videos. YouTube Red started out with series from well-known creators like PewDiePie. But now it’s throwing enough cash around to nab series from Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, Dan Harmon and director Doug Liman, in a bid to compel people to fork over the same amount of money as they do for similarly ad-free Netflix. It’s a pretty serious effort to turn YouTube into a destination for all kinds of video — premium TV, quirkier indie stuff and, yes, videos of cute kittens trapped in boxes. Filed Under: CBS Google Youtube Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 12:13PM PT Judge Orders ‘Making a Murderer’s’ Brendan Dassey Be Released From Prison 2 TV 12:02PM PT Bernie Sanders: Trump ‘Touched a Nerve,’ FBI Involvement ‘Unacceptable’ 3 TV 11:15AM PT Gwen Ifill, Longtime PBS Journalist, Dies at 61 4 TV 11:06AM PT Adult Swim Regular Brett Gelman Says He Won’t Work With Network Over Treatment of Women 5 TV 10:30AM PT HBO Renews ‘Westworld,’ ‘Divorce,’ ‘Insecure’ for Second Seasons Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Frank Konigsberg Dies: Longtime Agent & TV Producer Was 83 The Late Shoe Legend Vince Camuto Receives Posthumous Honor Chris Meloni to Star in Syfy's Happy! Graphic Novel… Oreo's new, life-changing candy bars just ruined World Diabetes… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Justin Trudeau fosters next generation of politically engaged citizens with Snapchat Samsung forced YouTube to pull video of GTA V mod that turns the Note 7 into a bomb [Update] Google brings Pixel wallpapers to all Android devices via new app Patrick O'Rourke October 19, 2016 3:54pm Google is bringing its cool looking collection of Pixel wallpapers to all Android devices through a new app. The app allows users to select wallpapers from their own stored photos, Google Earth, Google+, as well as a few other sources. A favourite category allows a new wallpaper image to be placed on your phone every day. The few people out there running Android 7.0 Nougat also get a few additional features. This version of the wallpapers app allows users to set an image for their lock screen. Some of the Pixel specific wallpapers even have a Canadian connection, with a selection of them being shot by Evgeny Tcheboratev, the founder of Toronto-based image sharing platform 500px. While far from revolutionary features, it’s great to see Google already opening up one a feature that was originally thought to be exclusive to its Pixel devices. Hopefully, this continues with the Pixel’s more marquee features like Google Assistant. Google’s new Wallpapers app is available in the Google Play Store. Related: Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for Pingback: Get Pixel's wallpaper chooser with the new Wallpaper's app | MediaKita.CO.ID() Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 19 GOOG: 801.56 6.30 Google ‘Unplugged’ web TV service months away, CBS signed up, others likely to follow Stephen Hall - 4 weeks ago @hallstephenj Android TV Google unplugged View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Silicon Valley tech behemoths haven’t been very successful as of yet in signing on cable content partners to sell TV streaming to the masses. The game seems to be changing, however, as a new report (via The Wall Street Journal) says that Google is planning to launch such a service as soon as early next year and has already signed on CBS as a content partner… First rumored earlier this year, the service is said to be finding a home within the YouTube platform, and it’s supposedly dubbed “Unplugged”. Google has also been courting other content partners — like Fox and Disney — for the “skinny bundle” of live TV channels, and talks are nearing their culmination: The new service, which will be housed on Google’s YouTube platform, is likely to debut in early 2017. Google is also near an accord to distribute channels owned by 21st Century Fox and is in advanced talks with Walt Disney Co. as well, the people said. . (21st Century Fox and News Corp, which owns The Wall Street Journal, share common ownership.) Reportedly, this bundle of TV content is going to be priced somewhere in the range of $25 to $40 per month, and WSJ says that it will be separate from Google’s other service, YouTube Red, which offers ad-free YouTube and music streaming. The service will, however, include a “curated portion” of YouTube Red content. Google is courting those like myself who have gone without cable TV for a long time due to its high cost and inconvenience. But Google isn’t only player in this game. Similar-in-concept SlingTV has been available for a while now, and Hulu confirmed earlier this year that it plans to launch a streaming service very similar to Google’s early next year as well. Apple has been working to build a “skinny bundle” of key cable TV content for several years now, and as recently as 2014 almost put together a product that the Cupertino company hoped to launch with the latest generation Apple TV. That obviously never came to fruition. Guides Android TV View THe Guide Google View THe Guide unplugged View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Internet News / Google could beat Apple to web TV service - report Google could beat Apple to web TV service - report by Chris Smith 19 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google appears to be much closer to launching a web TV service than its big rival Apple, according to Wall Street Journal sources. The publication says Google has agreed terms with US TV network CBS to carry content for the platform, which will apparently take up a home on YouTube. WSJ sources also say Google is close to an agreement with Disney and 21st Century Fox ahead of a likely launch in early 2017. According to the report, the service will be called Unplugged and will be available from between $25 and $40. Related: PlayStation Vue review The company will hope to pick up subscribers looking to break free from traditional cable and satellite services, and will put it into competition with the likes of PlayStation Vue and Sling TV. This so called ’skinny’ bundle has been the subject of much discussion in the last couple of years. Reportedly, Apple’s efforts to convince content providers to unbundle their channels for such a proposition has been met with strong opposition. As such Apple currently appears to be no further along with its plans. What Google is doing to differentiate itself from Apple in the eyes of the networks remains to be seen. According to the WSJ, Google Unplugged will be available through YouTube Red, although at an additional cost. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Would a YouTube-based TV offering encourage you to ditch your current TV service? Share your thoughts below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out03:10 GMT +315 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Russian Economy Minister Detained on Suspicion of Bribery Google, CBS Reach Agreement for Online TV Service to Launch in 2017 - Reports © AP Photo/ Steven Senne Business 23:03 19.10.2016Get short URL 313323 US tech giant Google has closed a deal with media company CBS Corp. for a planned online TV service that would allow limited programming “bundles”. © AP Photo/ Steven Senne Silencing ‘Truth’: US Network CBS Bans Ads for New Film That Exposes Its Inaccurate ReportingWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US tech giant Google has closed a deal with media company CBS Corp. for a planned online TV service that would allow limited programming “bundles” for viewers who prefer not to sign up for traditional cable service, media reports said Wednesday. "Google Inc. has reached an agreement with CBS Corp. to carry the broadcast network on its soon-to-be-launched web TV service," the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter. According to the newspaper, the new service, called Unplugged, is scheduled to begin in early 2017. It would allow viewers to pay $25 to $40 a month for live channels, the newspaper said. Along with its new CBS agreement, Google is continuing negotiations with Walt Disney and 21st Century Fox for online distribution of their content, now carried across multiple cable channels. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 23 Related: A Word About Paris and Then Coverage of CBS' Democratic Presidential Debate Allo: Snowden Says New Google App Could Become Tool For Police Surveillance Google's DeepMind Learns How to Navigate the Tube Google and Facebook to Lay High-Speed Fiber Optic Cable From LA to Hong Kong Tags: CBS, Google, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 05:04 20.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete another aspect of the msm and usg lackeys to ignore. Reply Anton KOMAROV 16:55 21.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Good move google.Yet more evidence that you are another tool of the Neocons like CBS etc.Most informed people do not use Google anymore and their share price and market share will collapse(even with the rigged US Stock markets massaging and rigging of the figures). So if you have shares,SELL!Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump The Kremlin announced the two held a phone conversation on Monday. 387224 Despite Win, Trump Says He’s Still Opposed to the US Electoral College Even though Hillary Clinton is still holding a small lead against Donald Trump in the US election popular vote, and the latter’s win is clearly due to the country’s reliance on the controversial Electoral College system, the president-elect maintains that he disagrees with it. 61084 Mass Student Walk-Outs Across US Protest Trump Election Win High school students in Maryland walked out of their classes again on Monday, to protest the White House victory of Donald Trump. The action was repeated on the other side of the country, in Los Angeles, just hours later, in a movement that shows little sign of letting up nearly a week after the election. 191086 US President Barack Obama Addresses Media Ahead of Overseas Trip As his eight-year administration draws to a close, President Barack Obama answered reporters' questions at the White House on Monday afternoon. 131434 China, Iran Ink Military Pact as Tehran Looks at $10 Billion Deal With Moscow As Iran prepares for a Trump presidency in Washington, Beijing and Tehran signed a cooperation agreement Monday to conduct joint military drills and “create a collective movement to confront” the threat of terrorism, according to Iran state television. 143455 Feeling the Burn: This Year Will Probably Be Named the Hottest on Record The UN’s World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has confirmed that 2016 is on track to become the hottest year in recorded history. 4170 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 02:52Russian Economy Minister Detained on Suspicion of Bribery 02:48US President-Elect Trump Seeks Top Secret Clearance for His Children - Reports 02:43Facebook to Promote Internet Connectivity Through Drones Idea in Peru - Source 02:38Obama Left Trump Easy Legal Ways for Reviving Use of Torture - Ex-Army Officer 02:331000-Year-Old Mummy Unearthed in ‘Good Condition’ in EgyptAll news #NotMyPresident: Protests Ongoing in Washington DC Days After Trump's Win 46412 Trump: US to End Up Fighting Russia in Syria if Attacks Assad 18365 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 13832 Trump Receives 'Beautiful' Letter From Putin Following US Election Victory 9654 US Response to Anti-Trump Protests Exposes Double Standards in Full Play 8569All news #NotMyPresident: Protests Ongoing in Washington DC Days After Trump's Win 487 US Response to Anti-Trump Protests Exposes Double Standards in Full Play 109 Trump: US to End Up Fighting Russia in Syria if Attacks Assad 58 Over Three Million People Sign Petition to Make Hillary Clinton US President 57 Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 46All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Wooden Wonderland: Traditional Russian Village Architecture Abe's Trump Card? US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SuperMoon ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Google's G Suite Update Makes it Easier to Stay on Task Google's G Suite Update Makes it Easier to Stay on Task By Angela Moscaritolo October 19, 2016 03:08pm EST 10 Comments New features include action items, auto-suggestions for Forms, advanced voice commands, and more. Heads up for those of you who use Google apps like Docs, Sheets, and Slides. Google on Wednesday updated its G Suite — previously known as Apps for Work — with a handful of machine intelligence-powered features including action items, auto-suggestions for Forms, advanced voice commands, and more. For starters, you can now assign an action item to someone for followup in Docs, Sheets, and Slides. Just start typing their name in a comment, check the new box, and the person will get an email notification and see the action item marked with a blue bar when they open up the file. Taking this a step further, Docs will even offer up suggested action items, which you can create in one click. G Suite apps will also now offer better visibility into your unfinished tasks. You'll now see a count of open action items and suggested edits that need attention on the Docs, Sheets, and Slides home screens and in a gray circle in Drive. //Related Articles 31 Google Drive Tips You Can't Afford to Miss Meanwhile, creating a form should be quicker and easier than ever. Forms now uses natural language processing to predict the type of question you're asking and suggest responses based on what you type. Plus, you can now collect files from your respondents, a highly requested feature from business and education users, Google said. The Web giant is also launching a new set of voice commands to let you do more formatting and content customization with your voice. You can now do things like change text color, delete words, insert links, and add comments without even using your hands. For the full rundown of voice commands, head here. Finally, this update integrates Docs and Drive with the popular collaboration and messaging tool Slack. You can now import files from Drive directly into a Slack chat, or create new Docs, Sheets, and Slides files by clicking the "+" button in the Slack message box. Back to top Previous : Nokia, SK Broadband Testing 52Gbps Speeds in S. Korea In Bid to Avoid Crackdown, Airbnb Submits NY Rental Plan Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Relax, Your Facebook Friends (Probably) Aren't Dead Someone tell Facebook that Day of the Dead already passed. More » Check Out GameStop's Black Friday Deals Get ready for deals on Xbox One S bundles, Alienware Steam Machines, and more. More » Preserve Your Data With AT&T Stream Saver Plus, AT&T's move to exempt DirecTV streaming from mobile data caps has drawn net neutrality concern... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google to take on the cable companies with $25 a month 'Unplugged' online TV service - and CBS has already signed up Search giant also in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Believed Unplugged 'skinny bundles' will cost $25-40 per month Will include live NFL games, and is expected to run on YouTube platform  By Reuters Published: 15:59 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 16:57 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail 80 shares 28 View comments Google has signed a deal with CBS Corp to carry the network on its web TV service and is in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Inc to distribute its channels, three sources told Reuters on Wednesday. The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube Platform, is expected to launch early next year and will include all of CBS' content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. Google's 'skinny' bundle will cost $25 to $40 a month, the source said. Scroll down for video  The service would bring all of CBS's content, including The Big Bang Theory, to the Google Unplugged service. THE INTERNET TV WARS  Earlier this year, Hulu said today it will offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Dish's Sling TV and Sony's PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. Apple is also believed to be developing a similar service.  According to the Wall Street Journal, the service will be called Unplugged.  It is unclear which Fox and Viacom networks would be part of the Google service, two of the sources said. The sources requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential.  However, the Wall Street journal said 'Beside CBS, other channels from CBS that will be part of the YouTube offering include Pop and CBS Sports Network.  '21st Century Fox channels under discussion include Fox Broadcasting, Fox News, FX, Fox Sports and National Geographic Channel, the people familiar with the matter say, while Disney-owned channels that could be part of the service include ABC, ESPN, Disney Channel and Freeform.' Google and Disney were not immediately available for comment.  CBS, Viacom and Fox declined to comment. The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the news, said Google was also in advanced talks with Walt Disney Co. Earlier this year, Hulu said today it will offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Megaquake fears rise as researchers find San Francisco's... Has Adult FriendFinder been hacked AGAIN? 'Underground... Ahead of their time: An ancient group in Africa used heat to... 'The find of the century': Mammoth tooth that may be 3... Netflix soars on Stranger Things success: Huge growth in new... How our ancestors drove the spread of STIs: Researchers find... Google's AI can book your vacation: New update warns users... AI's should be allowed to patent their inventions:... Share this article Share 80 shares Hulu will also offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Sling TV and PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Dish's Sling TV and Sony's PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. Apple is also believed to be developing a similar service.  Yesterday it was revealed online entertainment platforms Netflix and Amazon are now spending more on programmes than traditional television networks, said a new study published Monday. Analysts said the two streaming giants spent $7.5 billion (6.6 billion euros) last year on their own series and shows, far more than big players such as the BBC and even ahead of US networks like CBS, HBO and Turner. Netflix and Amazon more than doubled their expenditure on programming from 2013 to 2015, IHS Markit said in the first findings of its new production report released to coincide with the MIPCOM world entertainment trade show in the French resort of Cannes. Amazon spent $2.67 billion in 2015 on their own series and shows ©Leon Neal (AFP/File) Amazon spent $2.67 billion in 2015, and Netflix nearly twice as much at $4.91 billion. 'The levels of investment we are seeing from Netflix and Amazon are only topped by Disney ($11.84 billion) and NBC ($10.27 billion),' said Tim Westcott, senior IHS senior analyst. He said the huge sums flowing in from the big two as well as Hulu in the US and China's Youku Tudou, iQifyi and Tencent are 'shaking the foundations of the traditional TV industry', he added. NETFLIX STORMS TO SUCCESS WITH STRANGER THINGS  Netflix added many more subscribers in the third quarter than analysts expected as new original shows such as 'Stranger Things' kept users hooked to the service, sending the company's shares up 19 percent in extended trading on Monday. The company, which had reported disappointing subscription growth for the last two quarters, forecast current-quarter subscriptions that blew past analysts' expectations. Netflix added about 3.20 million subscribers internationally in the third quarter, beating the average analyst estimate of 2.01 million. However, he said it was very premature to declare that the era of traditional TV was over. 'Netflix and Amazon have come hard on the heels of a boom in production of original drama and comedy by the likes of (cable networks) AMC and FX in the US.' There were 148 new drama shows aired by basic cable networks in the US last year, up from 96 in 2013, the report added. So far this year, there have been 113 scripted basic cable shows, 78 on the networks, 31 on premium cable and 57 online. As recently as 2012, only three online shows were made.   Read more: Google Signs Up CBS for Planned Web TV Service - WSJ Share or comment on this article e-mail 80 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... Would you bring your dead spouse back to life with VR? Researchers say simulations are the 'evolution of... Samsung shifts into car tech to take on Apple and Google with massive $8 billion Harman purchase Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  770 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Google Signs Deal With CBS for Upcoming YouTube Streaming Television Service Wednesday October 19, 2016 1:37 pm PDT by Juli Clover Google has inked a deal with CBS for its upcoming web-based streaming television service, reports The Wall Street Journal. Called "Unplugged," the paid subscription service, available on YouTube, will see Google offering a bundle of several channels for a set price of $25 to $40 per month. CBS, a major network, is now on board, and Google is also said to be close to reaching deals with both 21st Century Fox and Disney, putting it one step closer to establishing a streaming service. Google plans to launch "Unplugged" in early 2017 and has already built out the necessary infrastructure. Google's YouTube Unplugged offering is aimed at cord cutters and is the type of television service that Apple was hoping to provide to customers before its streaming television plans were put on hold. Apple wanted to offer a "skinny bundle" featuring channels from major networks and popular cable channels, which would have been priced at approximately $35 per month. Apple has been trying to create some kind of streaming television service for many years, but has continually run into negotiation difficulties with content providers due to its "hard-nosed" negotiating tactics and an inability to assuage fears about the interruption of traditional revenue streams. Apple's latest streaming plans fell through because media companies demanded too much money for content rights and were reluctant to unbundle channels. While Google and other companies are developing streaming television services, Apple is aiming to position the Apple TV set-top box and the tvOS App Store as a platform to allow existing content providers to share their content through Apple's interface. Apple is also working on some original television programming, including "Planet of the Apps," "Vital Signs," and "Carpool Karaoke." Tags: Google, YouTube [ 68 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Naraxus 4 weeks ago CBS/Google > Planet of The Apps/Carpool Karaoke/Apple Rating: 9 Votes Cuban Missles 4 weeks ago I guess this demonstrates that the reason Apple didn't reach a deal was because of their negotiating tactics. If Google was able to put this package together, the networks were obviously willing to negotiate. Google said, "put your content on youtube and we will tell you who is watching what and when. You will get tons of information so you can sell commercials better." Apple said, "put your content on AppleTV, but we will only give you unidentified general information. You will get basic data that might help you sell commercials but we want 30% of that." And now we know why things happened the way they did. Rating: 8 Votes HJM.NL 4 weeks ago Siri on AppleTV 4 doesn't work for many foreign languages. So AppleTV is worthless in many countries including mine. Google is on the other hand works very well with foreign languages and is (again) very far ahead of Apple. Mix that with compatibility and reasonable prices... I'm afraid again an opportunity lost for Apple. Android is on every smart tv and getting better and better. Soon you can choose this new feature from google on your tv. Since the biography of Steve jobs where he mentioned he cracked the way we are going to watch tv all Apple has done is talk but not deliver. Every other company: google, amazone, etc. delivered. Rating: 4 Votes Cougarcat 4 weeks ago I wonder if Star Trek: Discovery will be included in this. Not that I'd pay $25-40 a month for TV. Still pissed at CBS for locking it to All Access in the US. Rating: 4 Votes npmacuser5 4 weeks ago The key word, negotiate. Apple has a diifult time with the concept of negotiation. Rating: 3 Votes i hate phones 4 weeks ago am I the only that can't bring themselves to pay for channels that have been free for ages with an antenna? sorry but if i want to watch cbs or fox i'll switch to my hd antenna... Rating: 3 Votes vertical smile 4 weeks ago $25 to $40 month, for one network! HAHAHA! I thought this at first too, but that price is for the bundle. Google offering a bundle of several channels for a set price of $25 to $40 per month. Rating: 2 Votes jdillings 4 weeks ago Competition is really heating up. Dish's Sling TV and Sony's Playstaion Vue are available now and DirecTV Now and Youtube Unplugged will launch before the end of the year. And Hulu's live TV service will launch early next year. It's just a matter of time until Apple launches their own service. Rating: 2 Votes Z400Racer37 4 weeks ago Sounds like Google is drinking Apple's milkshake.... [MEDIA=youtube]a5d9BrLN5K4[/MEDIA] [doublepost=1476906208][/doublepost] I pay $50 a month for 100+ channels, so this isn't worth the price. I used to until I realized that 100+ of those channels were garbage lol. Youtube FTW. Rating: 2 Votes bhenny1 4 weeks ago I pay $50 a month for 100+ channels, so this isn't worth the price. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 6 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 31 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 10 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 11 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand On November 24th, Laser Dog Asks You to Give Thanks and 'Don't Grind' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google to take on the cable companies with $25 a month 'Unplugged' online TV service - and CBS has already signed up Search giant also in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Believed Unplugged 'skinny bundles' will cost $25-40 per month Will include live NFL games, and is expected to run on YouTube platform  By Reuters Published: 15:59 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 16:57 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail 80 shares 28 View comments Google has signed a deal with CBS Corp to carry the network on its web TV service and is in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Inc to distribute its channels, three sources told Reuters on Wednesday. The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube Platform, is expected to launch early next year and will include all of CBS' content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. Google's 'skinny' bundle will cost $25 to $40 a month, the source said. Scroll down for video  The service would bring all of CBS's content, including The Big Bang Theory, to the Google Unplugged service. THE INTERNET TV WARS  Earlier this year, Hulu said today it will offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Dish's Sling TV and Sony's PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. Apple is also believed to be developing a similar service.  According to the Wall Street Journal, the service will be called Unplugged.  It is unclear which Fox and Viacom networks would be part of the Google service, two of the sources said. The sources requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential.  However, the Wall Street journal said 'Beside CBS, other channels from CBS that will be part of the YouTube offering include Pop and CBS Sports Network.  '21st Century Fox channels under discussion include Fox Broadcasting, Fox News, FX, Fox Sports and National Geographic Channel, the people familiar with the matter say, while Disney-owned channels that could be part of the service include ABC, ESPN, Disney Channel and Freeform.' Google and Disney were not immediately available for comment.  CBS, Viacom and Fox declined to comment. The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the news, said Google was also in advanced talks with Walt Disney Co. Earlier this year, Hulu said today it will offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Megaquake fears rise as researchers find San Francisco's... Has Adult FriendFinder been hacked AGAIN? 'Underground... Ahead of their time: An ancient group in Africa used heat to... 'The find of the century': Mammoth tooth that may be 3... Netflix soars on Stranger Things success: Huge growth in new... How our ancestors drove the spread of STIs: Researchers find... Google's AI can book your vacation: New update warns users... AI's should be allowed to patent their inventions:... Share this article Share 80 shares Hulu will also offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Sling TV and PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Dish's Sling TV and Sony's PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online. Apple is also believed to be developing a similar service.  Yesterday it was revealed online entertainment platforms Netflix and Amazon are now spending more on programmes than traditional television networks, said a new study published Monday. Analysts said the two streaming giants spent $7.5 billion (6.6 billion euros) last year on their own series and shows, far more than big players such as the BBC and even ahead of US networks like CBS, HBO and Turner. Netflix and Amazon more than doubled their expenditure on programming from 2013 to 2015, IHS Markit said in the first findings of its new production report released to coincide with the MIPCOM world entertainment trade show in the French resort of Cannes. Amazon spent $2.67 billion in 2015 on their own series and shows ©Leon Neal (AFP/File) Amazon spent $2.67 billion in 2015, and Netflix nearly twice as much at $4.91 billion. 'The levels of investment we are seeing from Netflix and Amazon are only topped by Disney ($11.84 billion) and NBC ($10.27 billion),' said Tim Westcott, senior IHS senior analyst. He said the huge sums flowing in from the big two as well as Hulu in the US and China's Youku Tudou, iQifyi and Tencent are 'shaking the foundations of the traditional TV industry', he added. NETFLIX STORMS TO SUCCESS WITH STRANGER THINGS  Netflix added many more subscribers in the third quarter than analysts expected as new original shows such as 'Stranger Things' kept users hooked to the service, sending the company's shares up 19 percent in extended trading on Monday. The company, which had reported disappointing subscription growth for the last two quarters, forecast current-quarter subscriptions that blew past analysts' expectations. Netflix added about 3.20 million subscribers internationally in the third quarter, beating the average analyst estimate of 2.01 million. However, he said it was very premature to declare that the era of traditional TV was over. 'Netflix and Amazon have come hard on the heels of a boom in production of original drama and comedy by the likes of (cable networks) AMC and FX in the US.' There were 148 new drama shows aired by basic cable networks in the US last year, up from 96 in 2013, the report added. So far this year, there have been 113 scripted basic cable shows, 78 on the networks, 31 on premium cable and 57 online. As recently as 2012, only three online shows were made.   Read more: Google Signs Up CBS for Planned Web TV Service - WSJ Share or comment on this article e-mail 80 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... Would you bring your dead spouse back to life with VR? Researchers say simulations are the 'evolution of... Samsung shifts into car tech to take on Apple and Google with massive $8 billion Harman purchase Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  770 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Traveling Salesman Problem UK24727 Data Tour London History UK24727 A shortest-possible walking tour through the pubs of the United Kingdom. Lots of stops along the Thames. Click. Locations of pubs in the UK. Click. Ferry crossings. Click. Pub tour as a way to see London. Click. The public houses of Cambridge. Click. Previous Next Nearly everyone in the UK knows by heart the best path to take them over to their favorite public house. But what about jotting down the shortest route to visit every pub in the country and return home safely? That is what we set out to do. Okay, maybe every pub is overstating the goal. Pubs in the UK are closing shop or starting up, fresh and new, all of the time. Any route would be out-of-date by the time it was created. So we set a more modest goal: find the shortest route to visit some 24,727 stops found on the great Web site Pubs Galore - The UK Pub Guide. This is a concrete target. But still an overstatement. Only a real local could possibly know every shortcut, slipping between buildings and along dark allies, to find the absolute best way to reach The Fiddler's Elbow or The Bald Faced Stag. This is well out of reach for a humble team of mathematicians. Here we rely on the fantastic service provided by Google Maps. Ask Google for the shortest way to walk from The Elbow over to The Stag and it will respond with excellent step-by-step directions. The level of detail covered by Google Maps is amazing. So this is our challenge. Using geographic coordinates of 24,727 pubs provided by Pubs Galore and measuring the distance between any two pubs as the length of the route produced by Google Maps, what is the shortest possible tour that visits all 24,727 and returns to the starting point? Well, almost. We need to make one final assumption. It sounds like something only a mathematician would consider, but we have to assume that the route Google suggests for walking between The Fiddler's Elbow and The Bald Faced Stag is no shorter than the route a smart crow would fly. This makes it conceivable to solve the problem without actually asking Google for the distance to travel between each pair of pubs, an important consideration since there are 305,699,901 pairs and Google puts a cap of 2,500 distance requests per day. This is the problem we have solved. The optimal tour has length 45,495,239 meters. To be clear, our main result is that there simply does not exist any pub tour that is even one meter shorter (measuring the length using the distances we obtained from Google) than the one produced by our computation. It is the solution to a 24,727-city traveling salesman problem (TSP). The UK Pubs tour is easily the largest such road-distance TSP that has been solved to date, having over 100 times more stops than any road-distance example solved previously by other research groups. The Big Picture The work was carried out over the past two years. We, of course, did not have in mind to bring everything mathematics has to bear in order to improve the lot of a wandering pub aficionado. Rather, we use the UK pubs problem as a means for developing and testing general-purpose optimization methods. The world has limited resources and the aim of the applied mathematics fields of mathematical optimization and operations research is to create tools to help us to use these resources as efficiently as possible. For general information on mathematical modeling and its impact on industry, commerce, medicine, and the environment, we point you to a number of societies that support mathematics research and education: American Mathematical Society, Mathematical Association of America, Mathematical Optimization Society, INFORMS (operations research), London Mathematical Society, and SIAM (applied mathematics). Research Team William Cook, Combinatorics and Optimization, University of Waterloo, Canada Daniel Espinoza, Gurobi Optimization, USA Marcos Goycoolea, School of Business, Universidad Adolfo Ibanez, Chile Keld Helsgaun, Computer Science, Roskilde University, Denmark The Tour It is not easy to convey the structure and complexity of the optimal tour. A list of the 24,727 pubs, one after the other, in the correct order, resembles a good-sized phone book. Perhaps the best way to get a quick view is to look at a line drawing, where the solution is displayed without indicating the many destinations. Click image for a larger view. You see that we obviously cannot walk several of the indicated routes: to reach the Isle of Man, Northern Ireland, and the islands of Scotland, the tour uses scheduled passenger-ferry routes provided by Google's direction services. To show a detailed view, we make use of the Google Maps drawing tools to display an interactive version of the tour, where you can zoom in and pan from one region to another. The link is given below, but first a word of warning: the map contains a great deal of information and it can take a minute or so to load. We provide tips for using the map on the tour page. Click image for an interactive map. If the map refuses to load for you, please have a look at the tour page for high-resolution screen shots, as well as further information about the route. Optimality How do we know the tour is the shortest possible? Clearly we did not check every tour, one by one by one. Indeed, the first thing you learn about the TSP is that it is impossible to solve in this way. If you have N cities, then, starting from any point, you have N-1 possibilities for the second city. Then N-2 possibilities for the third city, and so on. The total number of tours is obtained by multiplying these values: N-1 x (N-2) x (N-3) x . . . x 3 x 2 x 1. Now this is a big number. For the pubs problem, it is roughly 1 followed by 100,000 zeroes. That is in an unimaginably large number of possibilities. Even for 50 cities, the world's fastest supercomputer has no hope of going through the full count of tours one by one to pick out the shortest. But this by itself does not mean we can't possibility solve an example of the TSP. If you have 50 words to put into alphabetical order, you don't worry about the 50 x 49 x 48 x ... x 3 x 2 x 1 possible lists you could create. You just sort the words from first to last and build the one correct list among the huge number of possibilities. For the TSP we don't know of any simple and fast solution method like we have for sorting words. And, for technical reasons, it is believed that there may be large, nasty TSP examples that no one can ever solve. (If you are interested in this and could use an extra $1,000,000, check out the P vs NP problem.) But if you need to plot a 50-point route for a holiday or to compute the order of 1,000 items on a DNA strand, then mathematics can help, even if you need the absolute shortest-possible solution. The way to proceed is via a process known as the cutting-plane method. If you have twenty minutes to spare, there is a video explaining the method and how it is used to solve the TSP (in the pleasing voice of Siri). If you are in a hurry, here is how I try to describe the process in a short piece in Scientific American The idea is to follow Yogi Berra's advice "When you come to a fork in the road, take it." A tool called linear programming allows us to do just this, assigning fractions to roads joining pairs of cities, rather than deciding immediately whether to use a road or not. It is perfectly fine, in this model, to send half a salesman along both branches of the fork. The process begins with the requirement that, for every city, the fractions assigned to the arriving and departing roads each sum to one. Then, step-by-step, further restrictions are added, each involving sums of fractions assigned to roads. Linear programming eventually points us to the best decision for each road, and thus the shortest possible route. Our pubs computation used a beefed-up version of the Concorde implementation of the TSP cutting-plane method. Even if you are in a hurry, you might want to see for yourself how the process solves smaller examples on an iPhone or iPad by downloading the free Concorde App. In working with road data, we were faced with the additional challenge of finding the correct TSP solution even though we could not possibly ask Google for all 305,699,901 pub-to-pub distances. To handle this, we ran the cutting-plane method in tandem with a beefy variant of Keld Helsgaun's LKH code. LKH combines a powerful local-search technique with a genetic algorithm to produce a high-quality tour, say of length U. Along the way, LKH discovers pairs of pubs that look promising to include in any short tour, so for these pairs we ask Google for the correct walking distances. While this is going on, Concorde's cutting-plane method finds a fractional tour of value L. From the way this is constructed with linear programming, we know for sure that no TSP tour can have value less than L. During this process, Concorde also discovers pairs of pubs that look promising, in this case for fractional solutions, so we ask Google also for these distances. Any new data obtained from Google is shared between LKH and Concorde, while both codes continue to look for better results. That is, we aim to decrease the value of U by finding better tours, and we aim to increase the value of L by adding further restrictions to the fractional linear-programming model. At any point, we know the optimal tour length is trapped between L and U, that is, we know the difference between the length of our tour and the length of an optimal tour is at most U - L. The name of the game is to reduce this gap U - L as quickly as we can. Eventually, in the pubs computation, the algorithms inside LKH and Concorde became satisfied that they had an adequate collection of Google distances, LKH could find no further improvements in its tour, and the cutting-plane method in Concorde could only produce tiny improvements in the value of its fractional tour. At this point, we had L = 45,492,247 and U = 45,495,239, and thus a gap of 2,992 meters. To finish off the problem, we then turned to Concorde's branch-and-bound search procedure. In this process, the collection of tours is repeatedly subdivided and the cutting-plane method is applied to the resulting TSP subproblems. The simplest form of the division is to select a pair of pubs, say The Black Dog and The Duke of Cornwall in Weymouth, and consider first only tours where the two pubs are visited consecutively, then consider only tours where, between the stops at The Dog and The Duke, we drop in on at least one other pub along the way. This selection divides the set of all tours neatly into two subsets. In this this final phase of the computation, we processed a large, but manageable, collection of 4,231 subproblems. The total amount of computer time was 305.2 days on a single processor core of a Linux server. We didn't actually have to wait the full 10 months for the results, since we ran the search in parallel on up to 48 cores. Click here to see a drawing of the search tree, where the position of a subproblem corresponds to the value of its fractional tour. For a closer look, here is a pdf file for the tree. The computing time was reasonable enough to allow us to run the branch-and-bound phase a second time, using different settings to test the selection rule for the subdivisions. This second run processed a total of 5,687 subproblems in a total of 1381.1 days. Of course, it again produced the same optimal value of 45,495,239 meters. Data If you are interested in creating your own local pub tour, the best bet for data is to go back to the original sources, Pubs Galore for locations and Google Maps for up-to-date walking distances. But the information provided by these sources changes over time. Therefore, to document the 24,727-stop TSP instance we have solved, we provide the raw data needed to reproduce the travel distances on the data page. Tour-Finding History Early computational studies focused on the most natural class of salesman problems: select an interesting group of cities, look up the point-to-point distances in a road atlas, and have a go at finding the shortest tour. Record-setting solutions were found by legendary figures in applied mathematics and computer science. 49 USA cities in 1954 by George Dantzig, Ray Fulkerson, and Selmer Johnson. 57 USA cities in 1970 by Michael Held and Richard Karp. 120 German cities in 1977 by Martin Groetschel. The first reference, in particular, is widely viewed as the most important paper in the history of the broad fields of discrete optimization and integer programming. The links are to technical research papers. For lighter viewing, have a quick look at a slide show of these record-breaking results. In the late 1970s, the focus switched to geometric examples of the TSP, where cities are points drawn on a sheet of paper and travel is measured by straight-line distances. The reasons were twofold. First, with over 100 stops it became difficult to obtain driving distances along road networks: printed road atlases included distances only for major cities. Second, there were classes of industrial problems that neatly fit into the geometric TSP setting. Indeed, the next world record, set in 1980 by Harlan Crowder and Manfred Padberg, consisted of locations of 318 holes that had to be drilled into a printed-circuit board. Geometric TSP instances, arising in applications or from geographic locations, were gathered together in the TSPLIB by Gerhard Reinelt. This collection became the standard testbed for researchers. The largest of the instances, having 85,900 points arising in a VLSI application, was solved by Applegate et al. in 2006. The geometric data sets are worthy adversaries, but the large industrial instances have points clustered into straight lines. These examples are punching below their weight, likely missing aspects of the complexity of the road TSP problems. So, why not take advantage of the modern day atlas provided by Google Maps? One of the first people to put together a TSP challenge instance with Google data was Randal Olson, who found a good tour to visit 50 USA landmarks. His tour was the subject of one of the most heavily reported math stories in 2015, including an article in the Washington Post and a radio interview on NPR's Weekend Edition. See our discussion of the 50 landmarks problem. Following Olson's work, a number of people created similar touring problems in the US and abroad. The largest of these was a route through the 200 Tesla Superchargers in the United States. When I wrote that the UK pubs problem was a factor of 100 larger than previously solved road-TSP examples, it was in reference to this work by Mortada Mehyar. Okay, the factor of 100 is not really true. While building up the expertise, algorithms, and software to tackle the UK pubs example, we solved a number of smaller instances along the way. The largest of these has 3,100 points in the US. But these were solved with the bigger target in mind. Our final goal is even larger: a shortest-possible walking tour through 50,000 stops from the US National Register of Historic Places. This problem is quite a beast. We currently have a tour of length 350,201,525 meters. That is a little less than the distance to the moon. But we don't know if this is actually the shortest tour. All we can say at this point (October 19, 2016) is that there you definitely have to walk at least 350,201,329 meters to reach all 50,000 stops. So there might possibly be a tour that is 196 meters shorter than our tour. Ouch! Close is just not good enough. Acknowledgements Google Maps provided the interface between the real world and the abstract mathematical model of the TSP. The engineers at Google do all of the heavy lifting in dealing with paths, roads, traffic circles, construction sites, closures, detours, and on and on. Pubs Galore - The UK Pub Guide is the source for the locations of the stops on our TSP tour. No matter where you are in the UK, the Pubs Galore site will help you find a cozy place for a meal and a drink. The huge number of linear-programming models that arose in the computation were solved with the IBM CPLEX Optimizer. Many thanks to IBM for making their great software freely available for academic research. This research was carried out in part during the Combinatorial Optimzation trimester program at the Hausdorff Research Institute for Mathematics in Bonn, Germany. Other Road Trips Queen of College Tours Drive to all 647 campuses on Forbes' list of America's Top Colleges. Hiking through Austria Shortest route to hike from Vienna to 100 of Austria's highest mountains. 3100 USA County Seats For the Extra Miler Club, a tour to every county seat in the USA. Pokemon Go Tours How to catch 'em all. As quickly as possible. Further Reading An introduction to the TSP, including its history, applications, and solution techniques. Detailed computational study of the cutting-plane method for the TSP. Gentle introduction to the P vs NP problem and its ramifications.
Languages <span>Stuff UK</span> <span>Stuff France</span> <span>Stuff India</span> <span>Stuff Malaysia</span> <span>Stuff Mexico</span> <span>Stuff Middle East</span> <span>Stuff Netherlands</span> <span>Stuff Singapore</span> <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span> Subscribe to the magazine Login or Register Follow us Stuff on Facebook Stuff on Twitter Stuff on Google Stuff on YouTube Menu Search form Search News Latest News See all news Tiny Alienware packs VR-pushing power Amazon Music Unlimited arrives to take on Spotify and Apple Music – and it&... This Vive wireless kit sets you free Black Friday 2016: All the best deals and where to find them The Stuff Hot Five Hot Stuff Reviews Latest Reviews See all reviews Watch Dogs 2 review AKG K92 headphones review Pebble 2 review App of the week: Mikey Jumps review Nintendo Classic Mini: NES review TOP 10s Top 10 of Everything See all categories Smartphones TVs Games Laptops Tablets Features Latest Features See all features Which Nintendo Classic Mini NES games should you play first? Christmas Gift Guide 2016: 19 gadgets and presents for binary bartenders Christmas Gift Guide 2016: 370 amazing Christmas gift ideas Hall of Fame: Apple iBook G3 Christmas Gift Guide 2016: 18 gadget gift ideas for animal lovers Awards Xmas gift ideas Feedback Trending >> PS4 Pro review >> Stuff Gadget Awards 2016: The winners >> Christmas gift ideas >> Black Friday deals Features Galaxy S7 Google Pixel Samsung Smartphones Google Pixel vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Does Google beat the biggest Android maker at its own game? 20 October 2016 / 11:23BST by Andrew Hayward Follow @ahaywa There's a new battle between high-end Android titans. On one side is Samsung, the stalwart crown-wearer of the last couple of years. On the other side is… Google? Where the Nexus devices were really phones designed and built by Google's hardware partners, the Pixel is far more of an in-house Google device. It might be put together in HTC's factories, but it's got Google's stamp all over it. Which might make it seem a little odd that it looks remarkably like an iPhone. Still, this is a very intriguing high-end Android flagship option, but there's a Samsung-shaped barrier in its way to success. Until the incredible bargain of the OnePlus 3, the Galaxy S7 ruled our best smartphones ranking, replacing the Galaxy S6 after about a year of its own reign. If you want the absolute best of the best, regardless of value, it's the Galaxy S7. Does the Google Pixel really give Samsung's shining star a run for its money? Here's our analysis, now that we've put the Pixel through an exhaustive review. Design: Samsung vs... Apple? There's no denying it: the Pixel looks a lot like an iPhone from the front, sans the home button of course, and even from the bottom of the back. It flips the script up top on the back, however, switching the matte backing to a glossy surface and the fingerprint sensor. That two-tone experiment is a nice tweak, although overall, the Pixel's look is a bit uninspired, despite being a blend of metal and polished glass. It just doesn't feel as premium as it needs to as this price.  Contrast that to the Galaxy S7, which is a lot more alluring and feels like a luxury device. It's not a dramatic departure from the Galaxy S6, but the more rounded curves are nice, as is the curved glass backing. Also, Samsung's phone is waterproof, while the Pixel is not. All told, score multiple points for Samsung here. Winner: Samsung Galaxy S7 Also Read Google Pixel review Screen: Quad or Full HD? Samsung tends to win most smartphone screen battles these days due to the incredible clarity and colors of its AMOLED displays, but this one's especially easy: the Galaxy S7's 5.1in Quad HD display weighs in at a staggering 2560x1440 resolution, while the Pixel's 5in AMOLED screen is just a 1080p panel (1920x1080). For a five-inch phone, a 1080p display looks just fine – but Samsung's screen is noticeably crisper, and the superior brightness and viewing angles of Super AMOLED give it an even stronger nod here. Honestly, it's surprising to see a £600 Android phone without a Quad HD panel at this point, so the Pixel has an uphill battle against other flagships as well. Winner: Samsung Galaxy S7 Camera: Two shooters enter... Until recently, the Galaxy S7 was our clear favourite for a smartphone camera. And you, dear readers, agreed with us: in a blind preference test, you gave the Galaxy S7 a slight edge over the OnePlus 3. Samsung's 12-megapixel rear shooter, with its optical image stabilisation and f/1.7 aperture, is rather brilliant overall. The impressive iPhone 7 Plus camera complicates matters a bit, and could give the Galaxy S7 a run for its money once we conduct a proper head-to-head test… but what about the Google Pixel? Well, DxOMark fired the first shot, and the imaging site gave the Pixel its highest smartphone camera rating ever: an 89. Granted, that's only one point higher than the Galaxy S7, which netted an 88 and was previously tied for the lead. The Pixel also has a 12-megapixel back camera, but there's no optical image stabilisation and the f/2.0 aperture won't let in as much light. In day-to-day usage, however, they both deliver remarkably strong photos. The Pixel has especially fantastic outside exposure, for example, and the electronic stabilisation for video is an awesome perk. Is it better than the Galaxy S7's camera, though? It's too close to call, honestly, and members of our staff have their own preferences. We'll say this: if you buy either the Galaxy S7 or Pixel, you'll have one of the two best Android phone cameras today - and you can't go wrong either way. Winner: Draw Also Read 5 of the best Samsung Galaxy Note 7 alternatives Power: About the same As very expensive flagship phones, it's little surprise that both devices have some high-end components inside. On the Galaxy S7, you'll get Samsung's own blazing-fast Exynos 8890 processor in the UK, along with 4GB RAM. In the States, it's Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 chip with 4GB RAM. Either way, the performance is about the same in our experience. Meanwhile, the Pixel uses the slightly enhanced Snapdragon 821 processor with 4GB RAM, but the difference isn't really noticeable in everyday use. Both phones run apps, games, and media without breaking a sweat, and multitask with the greatest of ease, and they're both among the most powerful devices you can grab today. It's even again here, in our estimation. Winner: Draw Perks: Galactic benefits Both devices have mobile VR solutions: Daydream VR for the Pixel and Gear VR for the Galaxy S7. While Daydream might ultimately be the bigger VR platform in good time, the Gear VR has a couple-year head start with a solid array of early content to check out, plus the Quad HD screen is a big benefit when you're slapping a display in front of your eyes. When it comes to storage, the Pixel's iPhone-like design has an iPhone-like weakness: no external storage. Samsung's phone, on the other hand, lets you pop in a microSD card to expand upon the base storage of 32GB or 64GB. With the Pixel, you're stuck with the 32GB or 128GB you begin with. Even the battery on the Galaxy S7 is bulkier, at 3,000mAh vs 2,770mAh on the Pixel, although the higher-res screen of the Galaxy probably eats up that extra capacity over the course of the day. Both are strong all-day devices, however, with moderate use. And the Galaxy S7 also gives you wireless charging as standard, while the Pixel does not. Seeing a trend? In some ways, the Pixel feels like a premium-priced phone without the kind of premium perks that Samsung has made standard for top-end flagships. All told, Samsung notches a big win in this broad category of bonus features. Winner: Samsung Galaxy S7 Also Read Google Daydream View hands-on review Verdict: Still Samsung Consider us unconvinced by the Google Pixel's value proposition, especially when matched up against the Galaxy S7. Both are £500-£600 devices, but the money-for-hardware equation seems a little off-balance for the standard Pixel model. You get a lot more with the Samsung Galaxy S7, whether it's screen resolution, premium design and build, wireless charging, microSD support, or waterproofing. Some elements are pretty even between the two devices, including overall camera quality and processing muscle, but those added perks really put the Galaxy S7 over the top in this particular showdown. The Galaxy S7 is so great because it has all of those extra benefits, which help justify the price point for anyone willing to spend that much on a smartphone. A more apt comparison to the Pixel when it comes to features is the OnePlus 3, but given that phone's £329 price point compared to the £599 for the Pixel, it hardly seems like a fair fight. Google's first in-house phone is interesting in many ways, but £600 worth of interesting? Not when you consider the competition. In this case, that kind of money is better spent with Samsung and the sterling Galaxy S7. Overall winner: Samsung Galaxy S7 Buy the Samsung Galaxy S7 from Mobile Phones Direct Buy the Google Pixel from PC World Liked that? Read this... Features Google Pixel vs OnePlus 3 Features Google Pixel vs Apple iPhone 7 Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week Thank you for registering for our Newsletter We will send you relevant emails and updates. Top 10 Smartphones OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge HTC 10 See full top 10 Stuff Picks Features 14 November 2016 / 14:00GMT Christmas Gift Guide 2016: 370 amazing Christmas gift ideas Features 08 November 2016 / 18:04GMT Sony PlayStation 4 Pro vs PlayStation 4: Should you upgrade? News 10 November 2016 / 16:30GMT VW's new Golf is so techy, it's like a Maplin on wheels Review 06 November 2016 / 10:00GMT Motorola Moto Z Play review Features 10 November 2016 / 17:30GMT Christmas Gift Guide 2016: 12 gift ideas for Xbox gamers This Just In… News 14 Nov / 18:32 Tiny Alienware packs VR-pushing power Features 14 Nov / 17:48 Which Nintendo Classic Mini NES games should you play first? Features 14 Nov / 16:02 Christmas Gift Guide 2016: 19 gadgets and presents for... Features 14 Nov / 14:00 Christmas Gift Guide 2016: 370 amazing Christmas gift ideas Login or Register Footer - Left links About Stuff / / Contact / / Legal Privacy Policy / / Advertise Sponsored/Promoted Content Cookie Policy / / Editorial Complaint? Follow us Facebook Twitter G Plus YouTube Newsletter Subscribe to the magazine Subscribe now © 2015 Haymarket Media Group
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Showbiz - Travel - Home/Interiors Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Celeb Life Animal Life Real Life Fun Times Science World Technology and Gaming HOT TOPICS: Grace scandal Trump presidency Leonard Cohen 8th Amendment Home»Exam Viral»Technology and gaming Google is now better at helping you find cheap flights Wednesday, October 19, 2016 We’ve probably all been there – you’re trying to sort out a holiday but you put off actually booking the flight because, well, laziness. Cat GIF – Find & Share on GIPHY And then, the next thing you know the price has gone up way, way too much for your bank balance to handle and you’re just sat there, with *all* the regrets. But now, you can hopefully say bye to that stressful feeling. Google has announced a new feature for its flight search engine – which is called, you’ve guessed it, Google Flights. Stay up to date with flight price changes right from your mobile phone → https://t.co/66cxAtxqkS pic.twitter.com/GnQrtj4FHn— Google (@google) October 18, 2016 And it means you will now be notified as to when that fare you’re excitedly eyeing up is expected to rise. Fliers will also be able to track specific flights by email to see how the prices are fluctuating, so basically there’s no excuse for not grabbing your next weekend away for the best possible price. Nabil Naghdy, product manager of Google Flights, wrote in a blog post: “Google Flights can now help you be more confident that you’re booking your flight at the right time to get the best price. We now show you when prices are expected to increase for some specific flights and routes you’re interested in.” The Comeback HBO GIF – Find & Share on GIPHY She adds: “After selecting a specific flight, a notification may appear letting you know when the current fare is expected to expire and how much you can save if you book now.” She then uses a flight to San Diego, which is set to rise by $87 in eight hours’ time, as an example. Of course, it’s worth noting there are already handy apps out there which send you price alerts for when flights are at their lowest prices. But what’s extra useful with Google Flights is it will show exactly when the price will change, based on historical data. Google flights is damn useful these days - remember when Hipmunk was the new coolness?— Dave Concannon (@daveconcannon) October 19, 2016 There are other additions to Google Flights worth pointing out too – a notification bar has tips to help you pick the best route to your destination, such as alternative airports. And, yep, we’re totally behind anything that may mean we have more spending money. FYI, Google has said the new feature will be available “in the coming weeks”. For now, we’ll just be sat here, thinking about holidays… *sighs* READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved More in this Section Vending machines for Snapchat Spectacles are popping up in the US Las Vegas now has street lights powered by you walking past them Breaking Stories Teenage girl killed in house fire left 'help me' voicemail to friend 'Hero' dog saves boy trapped in tumble dryer Lifestyle At 73 Tony Christie is still showing the way to Amarillo Life of Bryan - Cranston opens up in new autobiography More From The Irish Examiner Buy framed pages & newspaper books: Visit Shop Photo Sales: View Gallery ePaper: Find out more Irish Examiner Digital Archive: View every printed page from the Irish Examiner from 1841 Lotto Results Saturday, November 12, 2016 2 9 19 28 32 43 47 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner    
Sports BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The NBA sent players to Google, Facebook, and more to help answer one of the biggest questions of their careers — life after basketball Scott Davis Oct. 19, 2016, 3:21 PM 7,599 facebook linkedin twitter email print Orlando Magic guard C.J. Watson. Mike McCarn/AP C.J. Watson's mom pushed him at a young age to get ready for the "real world," making him learn how to write checks, do mock job interviews, and accompany her to work. Watson wasn't sure if he was going to keep playing basketball, much less make the NBA, and his mom wanted him to be prepared after his playing days ended. "You never know with basketball — you can get hurt or get cut or something like that," Watson told Business Insider. "So, you always have to be prepared and keep it in the back of your mind and just always keep your options open." That's why Watson, a 32-year-old guard in the second year of a three-year, $15 million deal with the Orlando Magic, took his mom's advice to heart and spent part of his summer job-shadowing at Google and Douglas-Elliman Real Estate in Miami, Florida. He wasn't the only one. As part of the NBA's Career Crossover program, Watson was also joined at Google by Cleveland Cavaliers forward Dahntay Jones, Denver Nuggets forward Wilson Chandler, and former NBA Development League guard Moses Ehambe. Jones and several other players also spent days with Douglas-Elliman in New York, Miami, and Los Angeles. The Career Crossover program, which NBA Senior Vice President of Player Development Greg Taylor estimates is in its sixth or seventh year, is meant to educate and expose players to fields outside of basketball. Alerted by the number of players looking only into basketball-related jobs after their playing days were over, Taylor and the NBA began to find corporate partners that players expressed interested in learning more about. In total, the NBA had 13 players take part in the corporate program (there are other programs for basketball-related jobs, from front-office work to refereeing), which also featured companies like Esquire and 2K Sports. "I'm certainly not suggesting that basketball-related careers aren't important, but there’s a whole world out there," Taylor said. "So, the specific purpose of the Career Crossover program really was about exposure, exposing the guys to different career options and then letting them know what marketable skills they had to develop, what education they needed to have in order to be competitive in those new career endeavors that they expressed interest in." Players dive into Silicon Valley and beyond Wilson Chandler (left), C.J. Watson, Dahntay Jones, and Moses Ehambe (right) at Google. Courtesy of the NBA The tech field, in particular, was a popular choice amongst players, which led Watson and Jones to Google. "It’s the best company in the world right now, and I just wanted to see how it operated, what the culture was," said Jones, a 35-year-old forward in his 12th season in the NBA. "I just wanted to see the intricacies of what made it such a great company." Jones, Watson, Chandler, and Ehambe spent the day touring the campus, sitting in on meetings, learning about YouTube's analytics, social media, the company's hiring process, and testing the self-driving cars. Watson enjoyed the self-driving car. Jones enjoyed learning more about YouTube and added, "Google Ventures was dope." Watson was impressed with the company. "It’s a fun environment" he said. "They’re not really strict on a dress code or certain ways they have meetings and stuff like that. They do things outside of the box, which is pretty cool." Al-Farouq Aminu, a 26-year-old forward with the Portland Trail Blazers, visited Facebook for the day, after also expressing interest in tech. Though he enjoyed testing the Oculus Rift and touring the "beautiful" campus, he was ultimately looking for a more hands-on experience. "In an internship, you kinda like push papers, you know, you do work sort of thing," Aminu said. "For what I was intending it to be, it was not." Still, Aminu came away with some valuable lessons, noting he's interested in further exploring "the design aspect of technology." David Zalubowski/AP; Business Insider Taylor said that up until the interest in tech companies this year, real estate was the most popular job-shadowing choices, and it continued to be in-demand this year, with six players accompanying Douglas-Elliman. Watson spent his days with Douglas-Elliman looking at high-rises, condos, and multimillion-dollar homes while he picked the realtors' brains in Miami. Jones, who spent four days in New York, also saw some properties, ate lunch with the CEO, and had a meeting with the chairman. Jones said he's taking online classes to pursue his broker's license. Day 1 with @douglaselliman and the #NBAcareercrossover and this sick view from the penthouse at 35 North Moore St in TriBeCa #Nyc #luxuryrealestate #elliman @nba. @mb.realestate Check it out tomorrow when I'll be high above Central Park. A photo posted by Dahntay Jones (@dahntay1) on Jun 27, 2016 at 6:05pm PDT on Jun 27, 2016 at 6:05pm PDT According to Taylor, there have also been some surprising requests from players to look into other fields and companies. "We have a lot of guys who like doing outdoor things, fishing primarily, so I know there were some guys that wanted to spend some time at the Outdoor Channel," Taylor said. "I would not have selected that one." "We had a player who was interested in going into mortuary science." He continued, "We’re fortunate at the NBA to be able to kind of pick up the phone, create internships and job-shadowing opportunities to expose them to the various fields. And then really giving them resources is important if they choose to pursue careers in those areas." Yet, breaking into the tech or real estate world is difficult — do NBA players actually have a shot at being hired by Google or Facebook or Douglas-Elliman? "There’s no question that if you’re going to be competitive in those kinds of markets that there’s certainly going to be an education component of going back to school and doing internships and really gaining real life professional experience," Taylor admitted. "But I also wanna be clear that we know our guys come to those jobs already possessing what we believe are marketable skills: teamwork, grit, time management, conflict resolution. These are all what we believe are transferable skills from their career as players. And now it’s about supplementing their existing education levels with the requisite education that it takes to pursue in those areas. "So, that’s a really important message that we try to share with the guys. You’re not starting from scratch. You are a professional — happens to be in a different field." Doug Pensinger/Getty; Business Insider The mystery of life after basketball puzzles many players. While it may seem like an afterthought, as players devote much of their time to honing their on-court skills, it's always a present factor. Taylor estimates that between mandatory twice-a-year "team awareness meetings," and formal and informal "touch points" with each team, the league talks to players about "financial education and career management" up to seven times per year. Despite the constant pressure from the NBA, however, players don't necessarily begin thinking of what's next right away. Jones, who has played on eight different teams during his career, estimates he began thinking about life after basketball about five or six years ago and decided to use his summers to look into other fields. Watson was four or five years into his career when he began to think about it. Aminu had something of a revelation after he was traded following his rookie year. "After I got traded my rookie year, it kinda like hit me that this is a business and there’s no guarantees, so to say. It kinda opened my mind up to other possibilities," he said. "I mean, I remember just thinking after my rookie year, like, 'Wow, I really don’t have any other skills,' like, that just would cross over, that could make me anywhere close to the amount of money that I would kinda want to look out for my family." Clippers guard J.J. Redick said he began thinking about his post-NBA career sometime between the ages of 26 and 30, in between getting married and having children. Redick is an interesting case-study, seemingly already juggling a second job as the host of his own podcast on Yahoo's "The Vertical." Redick said he accepted the offer from Yahoo despite having never listened to a podcast beforehand. He insists it's been a valuable experience, though he's not positive a career in media is in his future. "I never expected to be at this point in my NBA career and having to create an hour of content every week," Redick said. "But it’s what I’m doing. ... I’ve learned a ton about it and it’s been an overall just an amazing experience." While Redick has never taken part in the Career Crossover program (scheduling conflicts have often gotten in the way), he said he's taken a valuable lesson from meetings with the league and NBA Players Association: networking. According to Redick, Clippers point guard Chris Paul has an "amazing" Rolodex of contacts across sports media, and he's tried to follow his lead as far as "picking people's brains." "I think Kobe [Bryant] used to cold-call people; I’ve never gone to that extreme," Redick said. " But that’s the sort of thing that’s been really interesting to me and really fun for me." One such contact is David Solomon, co-head of investing at Goldman Sachs. During a conference in Napa Valley, California, Redick said Solomon gave him "simple, but profound" advice that has stuck with him. "He said, 'If you’re an athlete and you’re lucky enough to play, you know, 10-15 years, and you retire at 35, like, you can have a whole 'nother career of 30 years.' And I guess I had always thought, like, well, depending on how much money you make or what your kids are doing, you can really actually have a whole 'nother career. "And I guess that was a great way to sort of summarize the way I was thinking the last five or six years of my life is, what do I find to do for 30-plus years that I’m gonna enjoy doing, that I’m passionate about doing in the same way that I’m passionate about the craft of basketball?" Redick said if basketball were to cease to exist, he would like to pursue his MBA. Despite the quandary of picking a second career, numerous players have gone on to meaningful, if sometimes odd, work after their playing days are over. Jones said he knows of former players who have taken up entrepreneurial pursuits;  some become franchisees; Watson said his former teammate Keith Bogans opened up a pet store and tried to convince him to do the same; Redick recalled the story of former NBA forward Adrian Dantley taking up a job as a crossing guard at an elementary school; Aminu was inspired by former player Maurice Ager, who became a music producer. Top: Jones and Watson with Google's self-driving car. Bottom: Chandler and Ehambe. Courtesy of the NBA "They do things different, I guess, because they don’t wanna have the standard 9-to-5," Watson said of former players' jobs. "So they try to start their own business and do things that way to be successful that way." Watson said he "definitely" wants to work in real estate and may consider becoming a franchisee of a restaurant like Subway or Jimmy John's. Jones, aside from real estate, believes he could do something entrepreneurial. Aminu may also look into manufacturing, apparel, and music. A big lesson in all of it is getting an early jump. Redick remembers advice an older player gave him that he would share with any incoming rookie. "If there are people you wanna talk to, if there are opportunities that you wanna pursue, do them now. In other words, if I want to talk to a CEO of a company... if you wanna do that, do that while you’re an active player. It’s much easier to get someone to pick up a phone call or to get invited to a program if you’re an active player. There’s weight, there’s juice in being an active player, being an active NBA player, being an active NFL player, as opposed to being out of the game for six months or a year and being retired and saying, 'Oh my God, I gotta figure out what I wanna do.' I would say, if you are a rookie, I would say start thinking about these things right away." Jones feels the same way, saying he would tell a rookie to take advantage of the NBA's programs. "Don’t wait 'til it’s too late to be able to try to gather something for when you’re done, because you’re gonna ultimately be done at some point in time and you’re gonna have to move onto something." It's not an easy transition, but it's one the NBA is trying help make a little bit easier with its programs. "I'm not sure yet," Watson said of his next career, "still thinking about it, but I know it’s in the back of my head." SEE ALSO: WHERE ARE THEY NOW? The players of the Miami Heat Big 3 teams NOW WATCH: We finally learned the purpose of that extra shoelace hole on your sneakers Loading video... More: NBA Facebook Google Real Estate facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The NBA sent players to Google, Facebook, and more to help answer one of the biggest questions of their careers — life after basketball The NBA sent players to Google, Facebook, and more to help answer one of the biggest questions of their careers — life after basketball C.J. Watson's mom pushed him at a young age to... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Sports Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Sports Select Sports Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  After-hours buzz: AAL, DAL, UAL & more × × × Consumer Media Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods featured The New York Observer turns off its presses By: Michael M. Grynbaum Saturday, 12 Nov 2016 | 10:21 AM ET The New York Observer, the sharp-tongued chronicler of New York City's power elite, is ceasing its print edition. » Read More Media exec: The upside in video sharing By: Elizabeth Gurdus Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 11:19 AM ET Liberty Media CEO Greg Maffei says that media giants are adjusting to the changing landscape of subscription-based video. » Read More Gabelli: Media benefits from a free market By: Elizabeth Gurdus Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 12:32 PM ET Donald Trump's free-market ideals may help media companies consolidate and connect with consumers, investor Mario Gabelli tells CNBC. » Read More Why Disney's Bob Iger is bullish on ESPN By: Julia Boorstin Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 9:03 PM ET Disney CEO Bob Iger says the entertainment giant is going through a transition, predicting modest growth next fiscal year. » Read More More Media buyers raise concern over Disney's lack of data targeting Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 6:30 PM ET Several media buyers said the company is not as advanced when it comes to using data insights to target consumers beyond age and gender. Shari Redstone said CBS, Viacom are right to explore merger Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 4:22 PM ET Viacom, the parent company of MTV, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central and others, has been embroiled in a battle over the control of the company. Liberty Media's Malone sees Disney possibly spinning off ESPN Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 12:49 PM ET Liberty Media Chairman John Malone speculates on major moves in the media industry from giants like Disney, Facebook and Apple. Viacom is in 'a very dangerous moment,' said Charter CEO Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 11:48 AM ET Viacom may need to ramp up its curation efforts, Tom Rutledge, president and CEO of rival Charter Communications, said on Thursday. Liberty Media's Malone: Time Warner deal gives AT&T 'substantial diversification' Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 10:35 AM ET The telecommunications executive said AT&T will gain another revenue stream at a time where consumers are cutting the cord. Trump's win shows how little electorate cares about media endorsements Wednesday, 9 Nov 2016 | 2:24 PM ET The 2016 election shows that the established media's opinions are irrelevant and social channels may be more effective today. Facebook, Snapchat and Twitter played a bigger role than ever in the election Tuesday, 8 Nov 2016 | 9:10 AM ET This year more than ever, the leading three social apps are pulling out all the stops. Prince Harry hits out at 'sexism and racism' aimed at new US girlfriend Tuesday, 8 Nov 2016 | 5:58 AM ET Britain's Prince Harry issued a rare statement on Tuesday to criticize the media for intruding into the private life of his new American girlfriend, actress Meghan Markle. News Corp aims for quality, not 'vacuous, contentious clickbait,' exec says Monday, 7 Nov 2016 | 6:35 PM ET Some advertisers "have their products bobbing around in bilge water" in content that is "less meritorious," Robert Thomson said. Media groups like News Corp have lost the one thing that gave them an advantage: Analyst Monday, 7 Nov 2016 | 5:35 PM ET Analysts worry that traditional media companies no longer have the benefit of exclusive distribution. Get ready to stream your TV in 2017, says Forrester Wednesday, 2 Nov 2016 | 4:51 PM ET Media will have to evolve to fit customers' demands to view content on digital, according to a new report. Gawker to pay Hulk Hogan at least $31 million to settle case Wednesday, 2 Nov 2016 | 2:16 PM ET The former wrestler had won a $140 million judgment against Gawker for its posting of a sex tape. Hulu's digital TV service will include Fox, Disney shows Tuesday, 1 Nov 2016 | 1:20 PM ET The video platforms upcoming streaming TV service will include programming from Fox, Disney, ABC and ESPN. Artificial intelligence may be the future of mobile ads, says Forrester report Monday, 31 Oct 2016 | 12:56 PM ET The research groups report predicts more companies will be using artificial intelligence-enabled platforms, chatbots. Expect more consolidation in media, Hollywood titan says Thursday, 27 Oct 2016 | 3:48 PM ET Legendary talent agent Michael Ovitz said that there will be more collaboration between Silicon Valley and Hollywood in the future. Redstone sues ex-girlfriends, says had to borrow from National Amusements Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 6:16 AM ET Sumner Redstone sued two ex-girlfriends, alleging he was forced to borrow from the private company that holds his voting shares of CBS and Viacom. « First Next » |  Last » Contact Media CNBC NEWSLETTERS Get the best of CNBC in your inbox Please choose a subscription Make It A daily email for dreamers, seekers and game changers. Breaking News CNBC's latest news headlines Morning Squawk Daily before the bell news roundup Evening Brief Daily recap of the day's top headlines Guest Alerts Guest information & reminders for your calendar Your Wealth Weekly advice on managing your money Options Action Insight from the Options Action panel Your Money Your Vote Everything you need to know about the coming election Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Please enter a valid email address Get these newsletters delivered to your inbox, and more info about about our products and service. Privacy Policy. Submit ▲   Julia Boorstin Working from Los Angeles, Boorstin is CNBC's media and entertainment reporter and editor of CNBC.com's Media Money section. Latest Special Reports Investor Toolkit Covering the full set of tools and strategies for long-term investors: How to take everyday market fluctuations in stride, and when to know it’s time to take action or protect against a major economic shifts. Advisor Insight Advisor-centric content with guest columns covering practice management, investment strategies and marketing/social media. ETF Strategist Trillions of dollars are invested in exchange-traded funds, and there's a place for them in every investor's portfolio.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Drones Alphabet Comings and Goings The drone delivery boss at Alphabet’s X lab is out Dave Vos is leaving Project Wing. by April Glaser Oct 19, 2016, 11:58am EDT tweet share Linkedin David Becker / Getty Project Wing, Alphabet’s drone delivery project, needs a new boss. Dave Vos, who headed the program since 2014, is leaving, and Astro Teller, the current CEO of Alphabet’s X “moonshot” umbrella organization, will step in to oversee operations in the interim, MarketWatch reported yesterday. The change comes as X has struggled to get products out the door, including Google’s famed self-driving car program. Sources had previously described most of X’s public projects, which include Project Loon, drones, robotics and wind energy kites, as rudderless, Recode reported in August. X is designed to come up with big, potentially world-changing ideas and decide whether they’re worth investing in as future independent businesses — or killing them before they become an expensive waste of time. Project Wing most recently made headlines in September for flying Chipotle burritos to students at Virginia Tech to test how a drone delivery program might work. Data from the test was shared with the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration to help inform new rules for commercial drone flight. Although the burrito-delivery drop came off as more of a PR stunt than a drill aimed at refining a new drone program, it isn’t Project Wing’s only test. The X initiative announced it was testing its unmanned aircraft at an unspecified FAA drone test site in August. And Project Wing’s website says it previously also tested its technology in 2014 in Queensland, Australia, and has been working to improve its design at labs in Mountain View (where Alphabet is headquartered) and in rural California. But even so, the X moonshot doesn’t seem to be readying for a near future of drone-filled skies as rapidly as Amazon. The online retailer has multiple drone testing sites set up across the world — in the U.K., Canada, the U.S., Austria and Israel — and has been on a global hiring spree to ramp up its engineering staff with aviation expertise. Vos represented Project Wing in key drone regulatory discussions at the FAA, having co-chaired the agency’s task force on drone registration. But the FAA is still writing the U.S. drone rules, and X will now need to find someone else to be engaged in the ongoing regulatory discussions that will help shape the future of the industry. The next FAA rule-making is slated for December, where regulators will open proceedings to decide how drones will be allowed to fly over populated areas, a critical component of legal drone delivery. Whereas Amazon has a clear need for drones in online retail and delivery, Alphabet’s aspirations seem less clear. Google does have an on-demand ground delivery service, Google Express, where the company has partnered with retailers to open an Amazon Prime Pantry-like marketplace for same-day or next-day delivery of household items. Still, online shopping is Amazon’s wheelhouse, and it makes sense for the company to move into delivery. Teller, who is stepping in to manage Project Wing, has a fairly full plate. He also heads X’s Project Loon, the balloon-based beaming internet project; Google’s self-driving car project; and Makani, X’s kite-based wind power initiative. A rep for X did not immediately respond to Recode’s request for comment. recode_divider More From Recode Skilled service providers are less vulnerable to automation, says Thumbtack's economist Here’s how to watch our live interview with Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff tonight Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? Mossberg: The new MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Recode Daily: Trump is putting Breitbart’s boss in the White House How Kayak co-founder Paul English got hit by a ‘truck full of money’ Trending Should you ignore the Trump dump of tech stocks? Yes. ‘Proud to be gay’ Peter Thiel has a top job on the transition team that just appointed a virulently anti-gay politician to shepherd domestic policy vetting Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? More in Trending This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Code Enterprise Skilled service providers are less vulnerable to automation, says Thumbtack's economist by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah The company, which connects people with service professionals, doesn't expect much impact from the robot revolution. Code Enterprise Series: San Francisco Code Enterprise Here’s how to watch our live interview with Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff tonight by Meghann Farnsworth We’ll ask him if he really wanted to buy Twitter. Transportation Android Voices Why wait for a new smart car when you can update your existing one? by Bob O'Donnell With Google’s new Android Auto app, end users start to get a feel for what an integrated Android Auto experience would be like — but in their current car. Apple Reviews Mossberg: The new MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg But the battery’s iffy, the Touch Bar is just okay — and you’ll need dongles. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Mobility Sales and Marketing New AdWords service makes it easy to send texts consumers will actually read Eric Emin Wood @ericewood Published: October 19th, 2016 Nobody likes receiving junk texts – but what if a potential customer indicated they wanted to hear from you? That appears to be Google Inc.’s thinking behind click-to-message ads, a new AdWords feature that invites consumers to send SMS text messages to companies that provide products or services they might be interested in using. “If you’re inviting a friend to dinner or asking them about the best hotels in New York City, you’re probably doing it through mobile messaging,” Amit Agarwal, a senior product manager with Google’s mobile search ads division, wrote in an Oct. 17 blog post. “And people aren’t limiting their use of messaging to social communications – 65 per cent of consumers say they’d consider using messaging to connect with a business to get information about a product or service, or to schedule an in-person appointment.” The service, which Agarwal and other Google representatives say will be rolled out globally “in the coming weeks,” adds a texting prompt to the existing phone number, directions, website, hours, and other information that appears when a Google search returns a particular business. Courtesy Google If the user chooses to send a text message, click-to-message launches their SMS app with a pre-written message tailored to the company’s product or service. “For example, if you’re a travel advertiser and someone messages you after searching for New York City hotels, they can send or edit your pre-written message text, ‘I’m interested in a reservation. Please text me back with more information,'” Agarwal writes. A business representative can then text the user back at their convenience, knowing their message will at least be read, rather than blocked sight unseen. While the service has not yet been widely released, several advertisers have already taken advantage, and the results have been positive, Agarwal says. One client, Auto & General Insurance Company Ltd., reported that click-to-message delivered an 80 per cent higher conversion rate compared to similar channels. “Besides giving users a new way to get in touch with us, we feel this is by far the fastest and most cost-effective way to connect with them,” Gavin Parker, A&G’s paid search manager, said in a statement. Businesses and marketing representatives interested in implementing click-to-message can learn more about the service here, while those taking advantage can read Google’s best practices guide here. Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles Think before you selfie - mobile malware might be watching Interact with customers on Facebook pages with new updates Mobility, Sales and Marketing AdWords, Google, Google Adwords, mobile marketing About Eric Emin Wood Eric Emin Wood is an Associate Editor at IT World Canada. When not writing about the tech industry he enjoys photography, movies, travelling, and the Oxford comma, and will talk your ear off about animation if you give him an opening. Follow Follow @ericewood on Twitter PageBooks - A collection of articles chosen by our editors and compiled into a magazine format designed for our readers. The marketing landscape of 2014: What digital marketers need to know Search Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2016 ITBusiness.ca
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18868.69 0.11%   S&P 500 ▲ 2164.20 -0.01%   Nasdaq ▲ 5218.40 -0.36%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.263%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.70 0.88%   Euro ▲ 1.0754 0.16%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Google Pulled Into Debate Over Fake News on the Web Samsung to Buy Auto-Tech Supplier for $8 Billion Personal Technology Apple MacBook Pro Review: Same, Better and Worse FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts Keywords How U.S. Manufacturing Is About to Get Smarter Slack Braces for Competition GM Bets on Chevy Bolt to Jump-Start Market LeEco Funding Scare Casts Doubt on Grand Vision Zuckerberg Continues to Defend Facebook Against Election Criticism Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics Amid Push to Digitize Factories Facebook Won’t Allow Ads Targeting Ethnic Groups GrubHub CEO Clarifies Postelection Email IBM Courts Coders with Watson FCC Tells AT&amp;T Its ‘Zero Rating’ Practice May Be Unfair At Alibaba Singles’-Day Event, Talk Turns to Trump Foxconn Profit Declines on Sharp Corp. Losses iPhone Connection Brings a Big Toll for Qorvo Google Responds to EU Antitrust Charges on Android Amazon to Reimburse Customers for In-App Purchases by Kids Japan Display Is in Talks Over $703 Million Bailout From INCJ Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Google Signs Up CBS for Planned Web TV Service New service, to be housed on YouTube platform, is likely to debut in early 2017 By Joe Flint and Joe Flint The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyJoe Flint @JBFlint Joe.Flint@WSJ.com Shalini Ramachandran Shalini Ramachandran The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyShalini Ramachandran @shalini Google+ Shalini.Ramachandran@wsj.com Updated Oct. 19, 2016 6:10 p.m. ET Google Inc. reached an agreement with CBS Corp. to carry the broadcast network on its soon-to-be-launched web TV service, people familiar with the matter said. The deal made CBS the first major TV network to sign on to the new TV service, which will be housed on Google’s YouTube platform and is likely to premiere in early 2017. Google also is near an accord to distribute channels owned by 21st Century Fox and is in advanced... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Most Super 'Supermoon' Since 1948 Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs President Obama Speaks to Press Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Opinion: Harry Reid and the Horse He Rode In On The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Deadline Business CBS Signs With Google’s Planned ‘Unplugged’ Streamin… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Trump Boosts ’60 Minutes’ Ratings On Busy Sunday TV Gwen Ifill Dies: PBS Journalist & Debate Moderator Was 61 by by David Lieberman TV HBO Renews ‘Westworld’, ‘Insecure’ & ‘Divorce’ by by David Lieberman Awards Hammond: Governors Awards Entice Oscar Contenders by by David Lieberman Business CBS Signs With Google’s Planned ‘Unplugged’ Streaming Service by David Lieberman October 19, 2016 12:20pm 4 Business Breaking News Corporate Affairs Technology CBS Google Unplugged CBS has made an agreement — and Fox and Disney are close behind — to supply programming to Google’s Unplugged, a long-awaited internet-based skinny bundle TV service, we’re told. Related Google Buys Video Sponsorship Facilitator FameBit In addition to CBS’ broadcast feed, the multiyear deal provides CBS-owned Pop and CBS Sports Network to Unplugged. The terms do not include The CW, which CBS co-owns with Warner Bros. Unplugged is expected to launch early next year and cost $40 a month or less. It will include some videos from Google’s YouTube Red. The CBS agreement could be important as Unplugged prepares to compete with several cable-like streaming services including DirecTV Now, a new offering from Hulu, and Dish Network’s Sling TV. Apple is still looking for ways to enter the field. Disney, Fox, Comcast’s NBCUniversal and Time Warner own Hulu. CBS has its own subscription streaming service: CBS All Access. The Wall Street Journal was first to report the CBS-Google pact. The major networks air television’s most popular programming, and are considered must-haves for services that hope to compete with cable and satellite — as well as each other. The challenge is to assemble enough popular programming without running up the cost. Most if not all of the major network owners have so-called Most Favored Nations deals with large pay TV providers that guarantee them the lowest price for popular channels. CBS’ agreement with Google has “a higher rate card …than it currently receives from other” pay TV services, Stifel research’s Benjamin Mogil says. He adds that Showtime isn’t part of the deal, and it doesn’t give Google more stacking rights — opportunities to watch previous episodes of a series on VOD — than CBS offers cable and satellite. Google is probably paying CBS about $3.00 per subscriber per month at first, growing to $4.00 over time, Guggenheim Partners’ Michael Morris estimates. “This is above our estimate of traditional retransmission rates (currently in the $1.50-$2.00/monthly range, ramping toward $2.50), and still below the company’s wholesale price on CBS All Access ($5.99/month),” he says. The online initiatives “will provide incremental leverage in future fee negotiations with traditional distributors.” CBS chief Les Moonves told an investor gathering last month that the industry is “still in the first inning” of figuring out online video services that might provide an alternative to traditional pay TV. Still, he believes “there’s a great deal of growth there” and he’s “very optimistic about all of them.” Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 4 4 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. nerdrage • on Oct 19, 2016 12:45 pm Good! Because viewers aren’t confused enough already! You know what happens when consumers are confused? They just say f this and go for the brand leader. And that’s why Netflix’s stock is soaring. The more confusion Hollywood sows in the streaming market, the more Netflix and Amazon benefit. Everyone below that cutoff point just jostles around in that dark, cacophonous underworld that is too noisy and annoying for consumers to want to dive into. Reply JT • on Oct 19, 2016 1:55 pm You people do know you can get all this for Free by putting a paper thin antenna up on one of your walls at home. Antenna costs around $50, and you get CBS, NBC, ABC, CW, Fox, etc etc for Free (instead of paying the $40/month they are proposing). Just saying… Reply JRM • on Oct 19, 2016 11:52 pm Good OTA reception is not a given for a lot of people, which is why cable even existed in the first place. Reply Anonymous • on Oct 19, 2016 3:02 pm Now if only CBS had any good shows Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 John Oliver: Donald Trump "Is Not Normal" 2 Critics' Choice TV Nominations Unveiled 3 Alec Baldwin: NBC Execs Killed Any 'SNL' Attempt "To Tell People Who To Vote For" 4 Gwen Ifill Dies: Longtime PBS Journalist Was 61 5 Donald Trump's Steve Bannon Appointment Dominates Early Morning News Cycle 6 Donald Trump "Fine" With Same Sex Marriage, Vague On Roe V. Wade And FBI Director James Comey Future In ‘60 Minutes’ Interview 7 President-Elect Donald Trump's 1st TV Interview Surges ‘60 Minutes’ Ratings, Seahawks Win Scores For 'Sunday Night Football' 8 North Carolina NBC Affiliate Censors Dave Chappelle's 'SNL' Performance - So In Case You Missed It... 9 Kate McKinnon Opens Trumpless 'Saturday Night Live' As Hillary Clinton Singing Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" 10 'The Simpsons' Addresses Its 2000 Prediction Of Donald Trump Presidency Latest Business News Roger Ailes Again Denies Sexually Harassing Megyn Kelly At Fox News Tom Hanks Returning To Cleveland To Help Ohio Film Biz Imax CEO Richard Gelfond Signs New Contract That Runs Through 2019 Federal Judge Makes No Immediate Decision On VidAngel Injunction Jason MacLeod Elected New Head Of Animation Guild Broadway Puts On A Happy Face With 14% Election Week B.O. Leap; ‘Hamilton’ $2.4M More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Chris Meloni to Star in Syfy's Happy! Graphic Novel… President Obama Disses Hillary Clinton For Losing Election: 'I… Oreo's new, life-changing candy bars just ruined World Diabetes… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife VarietyLatino TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2016 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2016 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Pixel has started shipping out +6,544 Quentyn Kennemer Oct 19th, 2016 publishUpdated   Oct 24th, 2016, 8:49 am Don’t look now, but Google Pixel and Pixel XL orders are starting to make their way out of Google’s warehouses. Folks may start to see devices as soon as tomorrow — which was the date Google originally promised — if they chose overnight shipping times (and if their orders were put in before the shipping estimates were extended). This only applies to the Google Store, but there’s no reason to believe Verizon and Best Buy are off-schedule. Verizon typically gets new devices into customers’ hands on the dates promised. Typically. No matter who you ordered from or which model you chose, be sure to keep an eye out on your inbox for shipping notifications and tracking numbers.While you wait, be sure to hit the links up below to get a head start on mastering your Pixel or Pixel XL once you have them! Further Reading: 15 First things every Google Pixel owner should do Google Pixel Hands-on and First Impressions 40+ Google Pixel Tips and Tricks Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 Camera Comparison Google Pixel’s Battery Life Google Pixel Review Roundup How to setup Google Assistant on the Google Pixel Best Google Pixel and Pixel XL cases Best Google Pixel and Pixel XL accessories local_offer    Google   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (27) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Media CBSN brings 360-degree videos to connected TVs Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts “authentic,” denies fake news there influenced election Zencaster makes it easier to record high-quality podcast audio Browse more... Google reportedly signs CBS for web TV service Posted Oct 19, 2016 by Darrell Etherington (@etherington) 0 SHARES Next Story Finrise just raised $5.4 million to lend money to people at doctor’s offices Google has arrived at a deal with CBS to carry its broadcast content on its upcoming web TV offering, according to the Wall Street Journal. Locking in CBS will go a long way to making a compelling “skinny” TV bundle for people who aren’t interested in signing up for cable, and Google is also nearing a deal with Fox and Walt Disney (which owns ABC). Google’s rumored service is called “Unplugged,” according to the report, and will fall somewhere between $25 and $40, with the goal of scooping up subscribers looking for a basic broadcast lineup without the strings and bundles of traditional cable to satellite offerings. This would put Google out ahead of Apple, which was previously reported to be looking to provide something similar alongside the launch of its latest Apple TV. It would also put it on par with others including Dish’s SlingTV and Sony’s PlayStation Vue. A forthcoming service from Hulu looks to be designed with similar intent. Google’s Unplugged will live on YouTube, and a part of YouTube Red’s content library will be made available through it, though the two will remain separate, according to the WSJ. Slowly but surely, TV content providers in the U.S. are realizing that days are numbered for a centralized model where content is primarily delivered via a box in the home connected to a wire of some kind. Google’s service could be a strong survival option for legacy TV networks, especially since YouTube already has the attention of a huge chunk of younger audiences. Featured Image: ERIC PIERMONT/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Media Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 9 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From TechCrunch A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 40 minutes ago | Daniel Singer Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago | Frederic Lardinois GoodLands partners with ESRI to launch the Catholic Geographic System 1 hour ago | Sam O'Keefe xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Comment moderation powered by Up Next Finrise just raised $5.4 million to lend money to people at doctor’s offices Posted Oct 19, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago by Josh Constine India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 40 minutes ago by Daniel Singer xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 20 hours ago by Peter Csathy Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back Nov 12, 2016 by Matthew Panzarino Investing in the future of urbanization 4 hours ago by Connie Loizos
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise Reach Ready-to-Buy Customers with Click-to-Message Google Ads News  Paid Search October 19, 2016 News Paid Search Matt SouthernOctober 19, 2016 SEJ STAFF 377SHARES 736READS 377SHARES 736READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 377SHARES 736READS Attention Google advertisers: in the coming weeks get ready for a new ad extension which will allow customers to reach you at the moment when they’re most inclined to convert. Google is introducing click-to-message ads, combining SMS messaging with search ads in an effort to generate more leads and increase conversions. Through the use of message extensions, advertisers can include an icon in their ads which will allow customers to contact the company via text message when it is tapped on. After tapping on the ad, the customer’s default SMS messaging application will open with a pre-written message inquiring about the product or service. In reality, customers can send any message they’d like, the pre-written message is just for added convenience. Texting a business prior to making a purchase, whether it be a product, service, or hotel reservation, certainly strays from the norm. So, will customers actually engage with message extensions? According to Google’s research, many say they would at least consider it: ”65% of consumers say they’d consider using messaging to connect with a business to get information about a product or service, or to schedule an in-person appointment.” There’s little risk for advertisers when it comes to using message extensions. There’s no added cost — like any other pay-per-click ad, the advertiser is only charged if someone taps on the icon to send a text message. Setting up message extensions requires your business to have a phone number that is capable of sending and receiving text messages. By the same token, message extensions are only shown to people searching on phones that can send and receive text messages. As an added convenience to advertisers who wish to use message extensions when they become available, one extension can be applied to an entire ad group or an entire campaign. Related Posts Reach Customers at Every Step of the Buying Journey: An Interview With Erik Ford Facebook to Replace ‘Other’ Inbox With More Visible ‘Message Requests’ 10 Steps to Audit Any Pay Per Click Account 5 Common Marketing Message Mistakes You Need to Avoid Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Bing to Launch Native Search Ads in the Beginning of 2017 - November 14, 2016 Google Unveils New Look for AdWords Price Extensions - November 14, 2016 Bing Ads Introduces App Install Ads in Pilot Program for US Advertisers - November 11, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Careerist India as discursion verry well Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.6K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.8K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.5K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.0K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.5K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 Reach Customers at Every Step of the Buying Journey: An Interview With Erik Ford 2 Facebook to Replace ‘Other’ Inbox With More Visible ‘Message Requests’ 3 10 Steps to Audit Any Pay Per Click Account 4 5 Common Marketing Message Mistakes You Need to Avoid [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Syria Children's Hospital Oscar Pistorius Public-sector pay Google is now better at helping you find cheap flights PreviousNext 19/10/2016 - 20:08:30Back to Business Home We’ve probably all been there – you’re trying to sort out a holiday but you put off actually booking the flight because, well, laziness. Cat GIF – Find & Share on GIPHY And then, the next thing you know the price has gone up way, way too much for your bank balance to handle and you’re just sat there, with *all* the regrets. But now, you can hopefully say bye to that stressful feeling. Google has announced a new feature for its flight search engine – which is called, you’ve guessed it, Google Flights. Stay up to date with flight price changes right from your mobile phone → https://t.co/66cxAtxqkS pic.twitter.com/GnQrtj4FHn— Google (@google) October 18, 2016 And it means you will now be notified as to when that fare you’re excitedly eyeing up is expected to rise. Fliers will also be able to track specific flights by email to see how the prices are fluctuating, so basically there’s no excuse for not grabbing your next weekend away for the best possible price. Nabil Naghdy, product manager of Google Flights, wrote in a blog post: “Google Flights can now help you be more confident that you’re booking your flight at the right time to get the best price. We now show you when prices are expected to increase for some specific flights and routes you’re interested in.” The Comeback HBO GIF – Find & Share on GIPHY She adds: “After selecting a specific flight, a notification may appear letting you know when the current fare is expected to expire and how much you can save if you book now.” She then uses a flight to San Diego, which is set to rise by $87 in eight hours’ time, as an example. Of course, it’s worth noting there are already handy apps out there which send you price alerts for when flights are at their lowest prices. But what’s extra useful with Google Flights is it will show exactly when the price will change, based on historical data. Google flights is damn useful these days - remember when Hipmunk was the new coolness?— Dave Concannon (@daveconcannon) October 19, 2016 There are other additions to Google Flights worth pointing out too – a notification bar has tips to help you pick the best route to your destination, such as alternative airports. And, yep, we’re totally behind anything that may mean we have more spending money. FYI, Google has said the new feature will be available “in the coming weeks”. For now, we’ll just be sat here, thinking about holidays… *sighs* KEYWORDS: . travel, Flight, Google, Google flights, travel news   send us stuff PreviousNext Join the conversation - comment here House Rules for comments - FAQ - Important message for commenters Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
null
null
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Recruiting and retaining female IT talent: 8 concrete steps Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Enterprise Applications News Google is turning spreadsheets, documents and presentations into to-do lists Action Items help remind people what they're supposed to be doing More like this Google rebrands Apps for Work as G Suite, adds intelligent features Google is trying to reinvent the whiteboard Apple’s new iWork is all the productivity most of us need on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? A building at Google's headquarters in Mountain View, California, on August 17, 2015. Credit: Martyn Williams Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Blair Hanley Frank Follow IDG News Service | Oct 19, 2016 10:59 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Enterprise Applications Software as a Service (SaaS) Google G Suite Google Comments Google is trying to do away with the tiring process of figuring out who's supposed to do what after a meeting wraps up. A new Action Items feature in G Suite for its Docs, Sheets and Slides apps lets users add a comment asking one of their coworkers to take care of something. Users can then see at a glance what documents, spreadsheets and presentations have action items attached that they need to tend to. Action Items is one of a handful of G Suite updates the company unveiled on Wednesday, alongside improvements to its Forms app. Slack is also integrating with Google Drive, making it easier for users of the popular chat app to collaborate on files stored in Google's service. The enhancements are aimed at making G Suite a more compelling choice for companies interested in helping their users be more productive, at a time when the company faces tough competition from Microsoft Office 365. Google G Suite's Action Items feature lets users remind one another about what they need to get done. Action Items is a feature that could be a boon for teams that want a better way of managing the list of things they need to get done. It isn't going to replace a more elaborate set of tools like Asana or Trello for project planning, but it's good for quick to-dos that come out of meeting notes, or tasks that need to be taken care of in a particular file. The new Forms makes creating web questionnaires easier by suggesting multiple choice options for popular questions. For example, a question about t-shirt sizes will be automatically populated with response choices for small, medium, large, XL and XXL. Users can add all the suggested options they want, or pick and choose the few they need. Google Google Forms will suggest items to include in a survey form. Companies that pay for G Suite will also be able to use a new File Upload question in Forms to let users submit files for storage in a Google Drive folder. That would be useful for things like turning in schoolwork, or submitting images. The updates are a quick follow-up to Google's announcements at its Horizon conference last year, when it rebranded its productivity tools as G Suite and announced a set of new intelligent capabilities for them. RELATED TOPICS Enterprise Applications Software as a Service (SaaS) Google G Suite Google Blair Hanley Frank — U.S. Correspondent Blair Hanley Frank is primarily focused on hyperscale cloud providers, Microsoft and its competitors for the IDG News Service. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources 200G Compact Solution Data Sheet 451 Research: Interconnection 101 Agile Portfolio Management Building a Software-Defined WAN with NetScaler SD-WAN Citrix NetScaler SD-WAN Product Overview Go Top Stories Cisco names 10 cities using its cloud-based smart service Cisco, which has promoted its smart city technologies for more than two years, announced that 10... 3 things GrubHub's CEO should've considered before sending anti-Trump email Watch what you write in an email. First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Last chance to take our IT Salary Survey! Computerworld's 2017 IT Salary Survey is closing soon; take it now and enter to win one of three $500... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Report: Google will launch a cheap web TV service in 2017, and CBS is already on board Yoni Heisler BGR NewsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple's plan to roll out a more affordable TV service may be on hold, but Google apparently is stepping up to the plate with a similar type of offering all its own. According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, the search giant is planning to roll out a web TV subscription service aimed at attracting users who aren't keen on forking over upwards of $100 for a traditional capable package. DON'T MISS: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 Set to debut in 2017, Google already has CBS on board and is close to inking a deal with a number of other content providers, including 21st Century Fox and Disney. The service will reportedly be called "Unplugged" and, much like Apple planned to do, will cost subscribers somewhere between $25 and $40 a month. "The new offering," the Journal adds, "is likely to be separate from YouTube Red, the ad-free subscription offering the company launched last year. A curated portion of YouTube Red videos will be included as part of the skinny TV bundle, one of the people familiar with the matter said." Given Apple's struggles to get its own skinny bundle off the ground, it will be especially interesting to see what Google's final offering looks like. An affordable cable package is certainly an attractive proposition on the surface, but the true value proposition of the service will hinge entirely on the selection of channels available. As for Apple's own TV initiative, the company is reportedly still interested in rolling out a skinny bundle of its own but put those plans on hold due to pricing squabbles with content providers. Trending right now: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases T-Mobile fined $7.5 million because it doesn’t understand what ‘unlimited’ means See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Tonight’s supermoon will be the most spectacular so far BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / One of the Google Pixel’s coolest features comes to all Android phones One of the Google Pixel’s coolest features comes to all Android phones by Chris Smith 19 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google has made the Pixel and Pixel XL’s new Wallpapers app available for all Android phones. The app, which was borrowed from the Pixel C tablets, gives users a massive array of backgrounds. There’s absolutely loads to choose from with selections curated from Google Earth, Google+ and 500px. Wallpapers are available in five categories: Earth, Landcape, Cityscapes, Life and Textures. There’s also a Daily Wallpaper option that, as the name suggests, automatically switches up the wallpaper every day. The app is available for Android 4.1 and up, but if you have a Nougat device you can apply a single wallpaper to the home screen and the lock screen at the same time. So, if you’re lamenting the lack of a Google Pixel phone in your life, at least you can get borrow one of it’s neatest decorative features. Wallpapers can be downloaded from the Play Store today. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Latest Deals From Ebay Google Pixel XL 128GB Very Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone UNOPENED $1,250.00 View Item Brand New 2016 Google Pixel 5" & Pixel XL 5.5" Factory GSM Unlocked SmartPhone $1,069.99 View Item Brand New 2016 Google Pixel 5" & Pixel XL 5.5" Factory GSM Unlocked SmartPhone $1,279.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google signs up CBS for Internet TV service - source By Reuters Published: 15:09 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 15:09 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail Oct 19 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc unit Google has reached an agreement with CBS Corp to carry the network on its web TV service, according to a source familiar with the matter. The service is expected to launch in the first quarter and will include all of CBS' content, including live NFL games, the source added. Google is looking to offer a "skinny" bundle priced between $30 and $40 a month, the source said. The company is also near an accord to distribute channels owned by Twenty-First Century Fox Inc, another source said. The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the news, said Google is also in advanced talks with Walt Disney Co. (http://on.wsj.com/2eShhLp) Google and Disney were not immediately available for comment, while CBS and Fox declined to comment. (Reporting by Jessica Toonkel in New York and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back You can now book Ola and Uber through Google Search Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 20, 2016 08:03 AM IST Consumers can now select a cab-hailing service from Google Search after typing in requests for taxi to Delhi, or Ola/Uber to airport, for example. They will see a tab for Uber and Ola, with fare estimates and pick-up times. Ola and Uber are cab-hailing apps. When a user requests for taxi to Delhi or Ola/Uber to airport, the Google Search app or browser will ask the user to select a service and open the app to book the ride. In case the user doesn't have the Ola/Uber app installed on the device, Google Search will show a link to install the app. "Choosing the best transit option can be a task at times. Our aim is to help users simplify their everyday travel. With this, users will be able to order, explore, and make quick comparisons about the best estimated taxi fare directly from Google Search results on their mobile," Google program manager Sanket Gupta said. Earlier this year, the feature was put on Google Maps. Ola said the move helped facilitate its focus on making cab bookings more accessible and seamless for customers everywhere. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Here's how PM Modi plans to hunt down benami property holders Donald Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants What is Benami Property? All your questions answered Two bank employees booked for exchanging Rs 6 lakh without ID Banks shut today, ATMs open, withdraw Rs 2500 a day: Top developments More From Companies Chit funds, private money lenders feel the heat Ratan Tata, Cyrus Mistry to face each other this week Tata Motors: Mistry fails to get full backing OMCs report strong gross refining margin for September quarter Rise and fall of CA-turned-businessman Pawan Ruia [ more ] Top Stories Normalcy by month-end, says SBI chief Arundhati Bhattachaya Govt waives e-transaction, ATM fee to beat cash crunch Future forays into cash & carry with UK's Booker Group Hedging loss drags down Tata Motors profit Proxy firm questions role of IHCL independent directors [ more ] Markets Windfall for MFs, demonetisation could bring up to Rs 16 lakh-crore Demonetisation last straw for jewellery firms Corporation Bank net profit up 9% at Rs 206 crore Gold hits 5-month low on strong dollar, Treasury yields There has to be a time limit for motor insurance claims: Bhargav Dasgupta [ more ] Companies Future forays into cash & carry with UK's Booker Group Mobile handset sales plummet post demonetisation Hedging loss drags down Tata Motors profit Demonitisation could pull down November e-commerce sales by 6-10% CRISIL downgrades Tata Teleservices' loans [ more ] Opinion Street Food: Nusli's Tata connection Strong profit points to more gains for Hindalco Bhel turnaround story gathers momentum Going cashless Flip-flop Gandhi [ more ] Latest News Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67% in 2015, says FBI Demonetisation ended sponsor terror, stone-pelting: Manohar Parrikar Chicago and other US cities, pledge sanctuary for immigrants Roll back demonetisation or face roll back yourself, warns Shiv Sena Small-ticket payments to be worst-hit [ more ] Today's Paper Normalcy by month-end, says SBI chief Arundhati Bhattachaya Govt waives e-transaction, ATM fee to beat cash crunch BJP pushes FM for tax relief in Budget Future forays into cash & carry with UK's Booker Group Mobile handset sales plummet post demonetisation [ more ] News you can use Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget Getting justice in cyber crime is difficult [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TISlrD Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is locking up deals for a new internet TV service Steve Kovach Oct. 19, 2016, 2:51 PM 2,524 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google's Chromecast is its most successful TV product so far. Google Google is the latest in a slew of companies that wants to get into live internet TV. According to a new report in the Wall Street Journal, Google has already signed a deal with CBS for the new service called Unplugged and is in talks with Disney and Fox. The service would likely be a so-called skinny bundle of channels that you can stream over the internet at a cheaper cost than basic cable packages. The WSJ report says Google wants to launch the new TV service in 2017 and would cost between $25 and $40 per month. Bloomberg first reported in May that Google was working on the Unplugged TV service as part of YouTube. Unplugged will be separate from YouTube Red, YouTube's subscription service that lets you watch videos without ads. YouTube Red is also developing original content with online stars like PewDiePie, and Hollywood heavyweights like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. Some of those shows could be available on Unplugged too. There are already a few similar services like Dish's SlingTV and Sony's PlayStation Vue. DirecTV and Hulu also plan to launch their own streaming TV services soon. Most notably, Apple scrapped plans for its TV service after talks with media companies fell through. CBS CEO Leslie Moonves said earlier this year that talks between CBS and Apple were over. A Google spokesperson declined to comment on "rumors or speculation." SEE ALSO: The Google Pixel review NOW WATCH: We got our hands on the Home — Google’s answer to the Amazon Echo Loading video... More: Google YouTube YouTube Unplugged Unplugged facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is locking up deals for a new internet TV service Google is locking up deals for a new internet TV service Google is the latest in a slew of companies... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 19 GOOG: 801.56 6.30 Google just published the Material Design Awards for 2016, here are the winning Android apps Edoardo Maggio - 4 weeks ago @northead Google Material Design View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Ever since the introduction of Material Design way back at 2014’s I/O, Google has put a lot more emphasis on design than ever before. “Google Design” itself became a thing, and among the initiatives promoted by the company to bolster its overhauled aesthetic sense, there are proper MD “Awards”, whose 2016 winners have just been announced… Of course, while Material Design is a company-wise design system — which means it spans from Android, to websites like AdSense, to Google’s very own logo — apps are the best representation of it, simply because their complexity allows distinct aspects of the Material guidelines to shine. In fact, in choosing the five winners, Google expressly picks the ones who better represents the various parts Material is composed of. “As with last year’s winners, we’re highlighting specific aspects of Material Design used in creating apps which satisfy their users while appropriately expressing their brand,” reads the blog post. The first winner, falling into the “Brand Infusion” category, is Asana, “an app built on making teams more productive and collaborative needs to be visually focused and clear to keep users concentrated on getting work done”. Its extensive portfolio of features could easily get it lost into a convoluted mess, but “Asana’s design team thought through the brand experience at every turn”, and “deftly infused its brand’s visual identity without distracting from the product’s core functionality”. The winner for “Charming Engagement”, instead, is the Fabulous! Motivate Me app, whose “attentive coach” will encourage you “to achieve your goals through positive reinforcement”. Indeed, the app is quite beautiful to look at, even at first glance, and most certainly doesn’t fail at both grabbing your attention and inviting you to give it a go. “The crisp state transitions and pleasing goal completion animations keep up motivation—even experiences beyond the in-app functionality are carefully considered, with bold notification styles, well-developed soundscapes, and email reminders that feel personal and direct,” says Google’s Design team. The “Creative Navigation” trophy is snagged by the Japanese C Channel app, whose main task is to let the user navigate in a myriad of videos. This is made “simple, fluid and engaging”, according to Google, as the app “neatly balances a blend of studio-created and user-submitted videos covering fashion, food, and more”. It’s all about its clean, intuitive UI: “C Channel organizes content into a series of tabs that can be traversed easily with a simple swipe. This engaging, gestural journey through the product continues even when videos are playing, allowing users to advance seamlessly between clips with a vertical fling.” Kitchen Stories follows, bringing home the “Expressive Layouts” award; it “excels at creating effective, easy-to-scan layouts for recipes across a variety of screens and sizes”, by showing “content organized smartly” and “minimizing the number of times you’ll need to touch messy fingers to the screen” — something certainly useful for the many situations in which your hands are not exactly clean. “The attention to craft shines through at other moments in the app experience as well, from the precise positioning of type, to the playful use of the logo as a textural element on background surfaces,” Google says. Last but not least is the “Focused Efficiency” award, which goes to none other than Airbnb. And, as Google reminds us in its ten things they know to be true, “fast is better than slow”, a philosophy that applies to the Airbnb app beautifully. “Essential tasks are satisfied through precise design, routing users clearly and briskly from sign in, to browsing, to booking a reservation.” “Happily, none of this efficiency comes at the cost of Airbnb’s visual appeal. Photography is a clear focus and communicates a sense of opportunity in each new destination. The considered typography and consistent but unobtrusive branding are equally successful for both the Android and iOS versions of the app.” So there you have it; the links are all listed above, so perhaps go and give it a try. And congratulations to the honorees! Guides Google View THe Guide Material Design View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Azhar sanctions: Uri out of India’s proposal to U.N. Demonetisation has equalised the rich and the poor, claims Modi Industry bodies suggest ways to deal with cash crunch Modi holds late-night meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News Swamy sees ‘lack of preparedness’ by Finance Ministry The ticket to launder black money Industry bodies suggest ways to deal with cash crunch Modi holds late-night meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation International   | National   | Cities    National ‘Kohinoor represents sentiments of people’ Opposition to corner Centre on demonetisation fallout Industry bodies suggest ways to deal with cash crunch Modi holds late-night meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International U.S. climate policy remains unchanged: Envoy Swedish officials quiz Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented migrants Tsunami hits New Zealand coast after powerful earthquake South Asia   | World    South Asia   | World    Opinion The trail Trump’s blazing When cash is not king The big deal with Japan When India conducted its nuclear tests in 1998, Japan was the country that took... Cartoonscape — November 14, 2016 Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business Sport Luck deserts Warner as Proteas maintain grip Hamilton takes title showdown to final race Brave Kohli saves India's blushes Kohli slams fielding after drawn first Test Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword Agri-Business Budget Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Business » Industry NEW DELHI, October 19, 2016 Updated: October 19, 2016 23:55 IST Now, book Uber, Ola cabs directly from Google Search Special Correspondent Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet V Geetanath » B Rishikesh Bahadurdesai » Zahid Rafiq » TOPICS economy, business and finance company information transport road transport Google on Wednesday announced that commuters would now be able to book cabs from Ola and Uber, straight from the Google Search application or the mobile search browser. “Now, with this integration, commuters across the country can ask Google for directions and book ride services directly from Google Search,” according to a statement from the company. said in a statement. “They will get to see a tab for ride services, both Uber and Ola, with fare estimates and pick-up times if a car is available near their location,” it added. Earlier this year, the Mountain View-headquartered firm had announced similar integration of the cab-hailing services with Google Maps.‘Taxi to airport’ When a user requests specific information like ‘Taxi to Airport’ or ‘Ola/Uber to airport’, the Google Search app or browser will direct the user to select a service and automatically opens the app to book the ride. In case the user doesn't have the Ola/Uber app installed on the device, Google Search will show a link to install the app. “Choosing the best transit option can be a task at times, our aim is to help users simplify their everyday travel,” said Sanket Gupta, Program Manager at Google. “With this, users will be able to order, explore and make quick comparisons about the best estimated taxi fare directly from Google Search results on their mobile,” he added. Keywords: Ola cab booking, Uber cab booking, booking cabs directly from Google,  More In: Industry | Business Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Get News Delivered To Your Email Send Me News Please enter a valid email address. Kindly confirm the Newsletter subscription by clicking the link that your have received by email NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter a valid email address. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Most Popular    Bear with me for 50 days: Modi to aam aadmi    Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh to face tax, penalty on mismatch    India’s crackdown on black money will help financial system: EU    Invalid Rs 1,000 notes found floating in Ganga    Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation National Govt. tries to smooth cash flow ‘Kohinoor represents sentiments of people’ Improve jail-court video conferencing: judge Opposition to corner Centre on demonetisation fallout NSG still a far cry for India as China insists on NPT linkage Sport Third umpire should be empowered to intervene, says Tendulkar Luck deserts Warner as Proteas maintain grip Hamilton takes title showdown to final race A momentous year for Aditi Brave Kohli saves India's blushes Cook, a delectable item in England’s menu Today's Paper ePaper This Day That Age Crossword Archive Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in Industry Tata Motors’ directors opt to drive in neutral Tata Sons, the promoter of Tata Motors, has sought the removal of Mr. Mistry and Mr. Wadia as Directors of the company through an Extra-ordinary General Meeting. » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (7) Post your comment You can hail an Uber straight from Google Search 19 October 2016 Earlier this year, Google put a ride hailing tab in Google Maps so that you can quickly compare if public transport, driving or getting an Uber is faster. Now, the search giant is moving this functionality to a more prominent position - its available straight into search results. You just need to search for something like taxi to Bangalore airport or directions to Bangalore airport and the usual Maps card will be augmented by ride hailing buttons. Currently, this feature is being tested in India and the Netherlands. In India you get a choice of Ola and Uber (anything from Uber Pool to XL). Considering the original feature worked with many local hailing services, chances are that the new search results feature will add more services as its availability expands. By the way, you need the specific app installed (be it Uber, Ola or other). Otherwise, Google Search will offer a link to install the app. Source | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version


facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Thornography Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Tim Hasselbeck on the Patriots issues without Jamie Collins 11-14-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - What's wrong with the Patriots defense?11-14-16 Dale & Holley   Hall of Famer Michael Irvin with Dale, Holley and Thornton 11-11-16 Weekend Shows   Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on the late non-call against Gronk - 11/14/16 Enough About Me   Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Source: Red Sox among most aggressive in pursuit of Greg... Mookie Betts named best defensive player in baseball Latest Columns Lessons from New England for Cubs fans wondering how life is about to... Why this World Series may be saving baseball Latest Audio Red Sox pitcher Joe Kelly with Mut & Bradford Alex Cora on John Farrell's managerial decisions and the Red... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they... by Christopher Price Latest Blog Posts Bill Belichick on D&H addresses political talk in Patriots... Danny Amendola on OM&F: Patriots-Seahawks had playoff-like... Latest Columns Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss... Loss shows Pats' D not close to championship caliber Final NE 24 Sea 31 Latest Audio Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Real Postgame Show - Seahawks conquer Gillette Stadium & the... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Celtics reportedly considering dealing Avery Bradley, Jae... Fast Break: Isaiah Thomas, James Young lead way as Celtics... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... @8:00 PM NO Bos Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named NHL’s First Star of Week 5 Things We Learned in a strong finish to brutal week of... Latest Columns Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar October provides proof that Bruins can't trade Tuukka Rask Nov 17 Min Bos Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Neil Walker Accepts Mets' Qualifying Offer: Contract... Jose Abreu Opts Out of White Sox Contract: Latest Details,... NFL Andy Lee Injury: Updates on Panthers' Punter's Hamstring... Former Eagles Center Bill Lapham Dies at 82 NBA Doug McDermott Injury: Updates on Bulls Forward's... NBA Trade Rumors: Latest on DeMarcus Cousins, Danilo... NHL NHL Power Rankings: B/R Experts' Week 6 Poll NHL Players with the Best Chances to Reach 100 Points in... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  OMF - What's wrong with the Patriots defense?11-14-16 K&C Recap Show - Tom Brady welches and a lashing for SNL,... Bad defense and goal line stand lead to a Patriots loss... OMF - LeGarrette Blount recaps the a disappointing final... OMF - SNL passes up on comedy after the election 11-14-16 Popular Audio  Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton K&C - Tom Brady on the Seahawks loss, his injured knee and... Latest Podcast  K&C Recap Show - Tom Brady welches and a lashing for SNL, Wanda,... Eagle Talk Episode 10 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Rob Gronkowski not making excuses on final play Tom Brady says Patriots were too careless with the ball » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Enjoy Vegas for ONLY $25! 2 Nights at The Plaza... Station Events Miller Lite at Cask n Flagon... Fri, 11/18/2016 5:30 pm » More Events Contests Win Big Y Gift Cards! Enter here for your chance to grab a $10 gift card to Big Y! 2 lucky winners will be upgraded to win a $80 gift card! Check out Big Y's... WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests Bill Belichick Tom Brady New England Patrio.. NFL Super Bowl Seattle Seahawks Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Tom E. Curran talks Patriots and baby gifts with OMF 10-19-16 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Tom E. Curran talks Patriots and baby gifts with OMF 10-19-16 Oct 19, 2016| Tom E. Curran checks in from Foxboro and talks with Glenn, ?Lou and Christian after a day of press conferences. the guys talk about the upcoming Steelers game, and also bust Tom's balls for Patriots beat writers giving Bill a gift for his new granddaughter. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Google and blue and Christian. And Sports Radio WEE. I'd let's do our weekly conversation and not like it's painful it's fun actually which on the cover it's all brought to you by using your doctor. Doctor Robert Leonard at 1800 get here and by Norfolk powered equipment. I'd tell me you're gonna have to tell us how the hell. The league based on the history of all days perfect what he did in two place on Sunday how they come up with. Is Kim 75000. Dollar fine let's let the young man play again next Sunday. All of it defies. Explanation defied logic makes absolutely knows as a player who doesn't deserve the benefit of the doubt. Acting and away. It really doesn't leave her. Why aren't the benefit of it though in both cases fairly cut drive the ball on the other side deal when he gets credit well. And then he categorically spot on blog in an effort to try and rot. A penalty if you see him block after block reacts to it so I don't understand why a player with such industry is given a benefit without. Except to say. Hate to say it occurred to bring that same stupid bell on grabber or in your group. In children the water the way we view but only gets a patriot studios like. Well I mean you're you missed the opening that really was sitting in the second question. Poland the first question was how much money did he do for the once you know how much how much how much did you chip then I mean let's say you know that was your idea rate. Not what it but I Keisler and that's right you're supplement work well artwork got to succeed here. It Arctic. No reason being here awhile know everybody chipped in that you chip and a much chip in like 75 cents. I haven't yet chipped it up there at perhaps cap at all. Does he know this bill know that you have not chipped it and it has come up with who knows now if he knows now he's out there. All right I'm sure it knew it. A quick question for a aren't so. Appearances here is so that you know somebody is down there and doing everything. Somebody is down. Are some big bend no Big Ben Wright no no Ben Roethlisberger assaults that are rise so that the page is what they dues they take away that. The Steelers best weapon and you would think they'll be Antonio brown and go back and look at what he did last year against the patriots niners have as a 133 yards and a touchdown. That's that's slowing down their best weapon there was a lady and build their last year either right the first game. You're exactly right I think what you have to remember that Cambridge who took the statistics. From the overall look at him for the first record to the patriots going up only technical. One in five plus yard touchdown reception. Brilliant burial ground weight regain it certainly was an unimportant because it brought them closer. But it wasn't. I caught the court it would it would seem so. Welcome wherever canceled Lewis who wrote to their Ben Roethlisberger put in there. There were outstanding but it was really welcome up of one on one would Antonio Brown. As opposed to last week where he home court filing suit eight you know what got to secrecy program what AJ green here. And stop the ball which is what they and that we're associating Wilbur taught so. Well let your belt every area this week so who do you decide to pick or more cripple our apartment block an outstanding back. It works much on the court and you get in the face and had a great. So it. Look patriots should be favored by one record. I would think on the road here recuperate. What Arctic could vehicle came took it upon. It shouldn't be beat them go to their. Yes yes I think that is you know I think you'd take out Antonio Brown just because Landry Jones don't football and now the most important the most emphasis. Needs to be put only on bail out that would be my speaker based on just you know Landry Jones abilities to throw certain passes. Dealing with pressure no pressure just overall. That great where I mean let's. But not something that's obvious. And say we have purple brown Antonio gravel where it's not usually results start it up in the cabin but David sometimes got nothing to lose. Tend to help in any altered but you know I think for the early part. Now you're right Buddy Bell has to be your concern for all because of but wait a they can run the football ball in the Indian to a Williams in that recent history when the patriots are thought struggled pretty well against. The book or bill's. He got so much I would have liked to seen Roethlisberger just because I wanna see this defense. Wants another challenge for the defense I'm not sure where you walk with them because. You know the points per game. I guess say one thing that some other once at red zone third down percentage conversion rates say another I'm just say where are you with this defense. They're gonna be way better about a month. I think that we knew would appear to be much talent they have. Yet they should be better than they have they produced better than they have a form what you want that mean you have a as hero. Which Houston it's skewing the points per game and we have sixteen buffalo and a game that you know. All they needed sixty because the patriots students scored Salt Lake in a renewed for a Birdie Putt to win by. You're right or these are the result is apparent regard not honestly her academics are perfect they're. Map richer deal Rick worker. With a pencil at Oakmont I'm here come up all over quicker. Because throughout its knees and we've seen fairly drastic changes have to be made. We've been thinking infrastructure nickname the change things for the patriot routine things change. During the game. I. So how much of this when we look at the defense and there are times you watch. And you say all was underneath stuff and you know I don't look at these guys be white or how much of it is really. The way Belichick is always coached defense keep everything in front if you were willing to give up a lot of yardage. But he believes that there are like five gigantic plays that the decide. Of the football game he just doesn't want to get beat by that big play public service definitely won't or watching with the defense. Is the way don't want it. I think court and second down completions. Might you can argue it but I don't think curtain side it was six. Completions with a guy that there. Or covering numbers used to regard belt you'll premiere colonel prepare to. Complete an issue whether or not defending. The first down marker. You you don't wanna make it so Google picket in the ripped off or go to their records don't kernel work. Go to the period third down there ridiculous numbers but he cannot and the bird count them two club or to a record out first and second down eager. So knowledge. That notion. Amber don't query. Seven carries that arts and we've we're very appears some successful history your time on third out. All right so in on precedent thing you know you're saying this is going to be close game right think this silica one point teams that would you honestly think he could be. You can valued at more. Or it would be an outward you know the wake of a coming in overtime and loved it you know our time Google does look like terrific and I know I've been around. It's going to be don't. It'll be competitive within or or. A he snuck them so there you look at I mean it's hard eagle week to week with this team to say okay. They lose a stinky to Philly with a rookie quarterback who's 34 to three on the wrote me. They get their butts kicked by Miami on the road thirty to fifty. GA jive rushes for light but 200 some odd yards and one game are you kidding me. So really. Who are today and without without problems for them really who are they they don't have the best player deepens Cameron Hayward. There without Marcus we and he may play need to tackle their tackle Gilbert may be a little banged up. And they got Landry Jones how how how dangerous is this team really. Yet at the request has been what are you basing this on new ally want to be polite urine tests. Acting on Heinz Field but your agent or eight. And or against the Steelers during the Belichick here Terrell. Of the losses work in Pittsburgh want it to let. Came and Mac Apple's quarterback in 2008. An addict reject your you look at that think this is interesting and more knowing what you'll get re done. Pretty significantly what's in the number hell they cannot miss you on the outside in the car and approached the agency has been redone. Yeah particular crap will tell us what they're very ops. Did you see your scoring so I mean this that's total squirrel moment an observation and it's an open your eyes you Rickey you're answering a question we went squirrel. You went all squirrel. Some information. It has been expecting or we're different players are either specialists are complaining. About the putting out here because it's so stricken saw. Of serves as is that this doubt speak. I think that there has been dissatisfaction with the ability when it for a number player throughout the put that Michael McCrary what cricket cricket palate upper he'll pick it up outside. So we did Ian Baker and develop. With that begin settlement issue because it certainly looks like that is the biggest problem is evident. Planting that foot in making the cut and that's he's game. Yeah well it's interesting because when you think about last year and our votes are there would be in the aircraft now again. At the beginning next year or this year when you have a running into request. Order your work marker to examine. Analyzing shouldn't bring. And it will looking at it pre. Wouldn't be surprised if one thing was the field she'll never better spot as was it's your mama. What's the number palace on the thickness of that attic. Certainly helped arm branding. And helps on paying you need altered but I think it does impact when we export. At the Penner you're you're even just a little better when you're changing direction the current softness. You know that that occurred so I wouldn't have been part at all close all the other targeted an extra. Quarter to adding the current throughout the burger or greater. Eight some speaking of the stuff ski you know a lot of people of him maybe just as the yips and brutish wondered do you think that the the new kick off rules only how they're approaching it in a angling right angling left rather just him kicking as far as you can but down the middle all the time. Pick up as come into play at all in his head. I don't because they're the reason being all the character different to run up on kickoff of the post through steps that there. Don't think that it wouldn't package kicks someone trigger routes. Certain standard it's interesting too great ticket mr. Kind of vehicle but the point about the field I've never seen. The kick specialist spend that much time in the game field what he practiced the art scene this year. There in the air right now on your Joseph Cardona and yet it out he kicking game you'll during the week for periods are not the entire. But trying to use the steel well I wonder that was part of that as well but no cooperation he boisterous up on things went into against the wall and got. You are so well less thing for me to Dion Lewis right like we we always seek ten practice but is it safe to say that. The oldest guy as long as possible or is it more do you hear anything as far as him being ready easily still full five weeks away. It's gonna take some Aaron you know if you consider this your situation. And the injury frequent occurrence. From that ACL afterwards apparently got out of stress fracture special vehicle where are very big quads. Britain's upper stretch Baxter after ACL surgery and so that yet rooted stressed Berkshire area. No I'm not. Auger that the issue. With you on Lewis but if that is the issue Arctic it's much time. As possible so really haven't although we can look at arm to first start clocked between now and we keep meant when he when he gave her beleaguered apple ought to start. All right one more question acknowledge that question to you. All we know what Bill Belichick said yesterday went on for five minutes about how bad this Microsoft surface thing he has. Our Microsoft response to what they press release that made all the financial pages within two while we got to bleed their list. The league is pissed right now. It may mandate is that mandated that the coaches have to have that Microsoft. Surface on the side they can they now find dollar check for not using. I don't think they know not can't buy it and are using a cart I would imagine. Brady sometime picked the Gatorade bottle up on the podium when he goes to talk real economic remote Gatorade but he's not accurate arm and put it out. The result what you you have got sick and have their server tablets McIntyre will be entire sideline. The circus tablets you're not going to be you and so it's what you get what they got you don't unless you take away pictures cities took it used balanced yet. I mean I still nice time. Don't you think you know being nice to it would look really good partners Lou I. Liked how they make sure you would chip in with the with the media what are you don't don't don't cheat amount of Yosemite I don't want Mike receipts and after that I deal. You don't want him coming after what you don't owe him money to keep the money up right in the office I'll call that was seen guys are short trial that short a short break him sit down and Ian. I tell you it's arguably. I report picker or edit well me covered right here on WB. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ty Anderson11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it [..] - Ty Anderson11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries You could have heard a pin drop at Gila River Arena in Glendale, Ariz., during [..] + Christopher Price11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to [..] - Christopher Price11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they [..] FOXBORO — Let’s start with what we know. The Patriots have a very good [..] + Ryan Hannable11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve [..] - Ryan Hannable11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss to [..] FOXBORO -- Everything was set up in the Patriots' favor. While it wasn't going to be an [..] + Mike Petraglia11/14/16 02:59 am EST Loss shows Pats' D not close to [..] - Mike Petraglia11/14/16 02:59 am EST Loss shows Pats' D not close to championship caliber FOXBORO - If Sunday night taught us anything about these Patriots, they have a lot of [..] + Rob Bradford11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink [..] - Rob Bradford11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason [..] He was the guy David Ortiz endorsed to be his heir apparent. He was the free agent most [..] + Ryan Hannable11/11/16 08:20 am EST Patriots perfect match for long [..] - Ryan Hannable11/11/16 08:20 am EST Patriots perfect match for long snapper, U.S. Navy member Joe Cardona FOXBORO -- Joe Cardona knew the NFL wasn't a guarantee. Cardona was a long snapper as [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 05:43 pm EST Bill Belichick on D&H [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 05:43 pm EST Bill Belichick on D&H addresses political talk in Patriots locker room Patriots coach Bill Belichick joined Dale &#38; Holley with Thornton on [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 03:47 pm EST Danny Amendola on OM&F: [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 03:47 pm EST Danny Amendola on OM&F: Patriots-Seahawks had playoff-like atmosphere Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola checked in with Ordway, Merloni &#38; [..] + Full Count11/14/16 02:21 pm EST Source: Red Sox among most [..] - Full Count11/14/16 02:21 pm EST Source: Red Sox among most aggressive in pursuit of Greg Holland The Red Sox recognize Greg Holland might be a really good fit. But they also [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 02:15 pm EST Pete Carroll says Gillette Stadium [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 02:15 pm EST Pete Carroll says Gillette Stadium was pretty quiet Sunday night: ‘It’s because they’re so used to winning’ Pete Carroll came away from his first Gillette Stadium experience profoundly [..] + Big Bad Blog11/14/16 01:50 pm EST Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named [..] - Big Bad Blog11/14/16 01:50 pm EST Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named NHL’s First Star of Week Bruins goaltender Tuukka Rask's near perfect season continued on Sunday night [..] + Green Street11/14/16 01:49 pm EST Celtics reportedly considering [..] - Green Street11/14/16 01:49 pm EST Celtics reportedly considering dealing Avery Bradley, Jae Crowder if it means Klay Thompson in return The Celtics and Warriors might be looking to celebrate their meeting this [..] + Red Sox11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink [..] - Red Sox11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason priority He was the guy David Ortiz endorsed to be his heir apparent. He was the free agent most [..] + Red Sox 11/03/16 01:10 am EST Lessons from New England for Cubs [..] - Red Sox 11/03/16 01:10 am EST Lessons from New England for Cubs fans wondering how life is about to change Welcome to the rest of your lives, Cubs fans. They'll never be the same. That euphoria you're [..] + Patriots11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to [..] - Patriots11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they search for answers on defense FOXBORO — Let’s start with what we know. The Patriots have a very good offense. [..] + Patriots 11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve [..] - Patriots 11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss to Seahawks FOXBORO -- Everything was set up in the Patriots' favor. While it wasn't going to be an easy [..] + Bruins11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it [..] - Bruins11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries You could have heard a pin drop at Gila River Arena in Glendale, Ariz., during [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Top 6 Vendors in the Video Services Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio By Published: Oct 19, 2016 2:03 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Oct 19, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recentglobal video services marketreport. This research report also lists 24 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. In 2015, the global video services market was valued at USD 62.65 billion, and it will grow at a CAGR of 24.34% to reach USD 186.2 billion by 2020. Video streaming services allow viewers to view videos or any digital content free of cost. One of the popular online platforms for video streaming services is YouTube, which allows viewers to watch, rate, share, and give feedback about videos. Most often, video streaming services are interactive, and content providers can measure its popularity by counting the number of views. More than 60% of the marketing professionals confirm that video advertising through an online platform is the most effective form of marketing and it gives the highest ROI. However, viewers prefer to watch advertisements that are not longer than 15 seconds. Short and innovative video ads attract a larger number of viewers. Competitive scenario The global video services market is highly competitive because of the presence of many large players. Intense competition and increasing technological advances are significant risk factors for vendors. Vendors are competing based on features, technology, video quality, and price. During the forecast period, the competition will become more intense as vendors adopt advanced technologies to gain competitive advantages. “Vendors are investing in planning, designing, developing, acquiring new players, and expanding existing facilities. Technological innovations and creativity play a significant role in driving the market growth. To sustain in the competitive market, vendors have to develop new ideas and technologies and stay up-to-date with the emerging technologies that could influence the service lines,” says Ujjwal Doshi, a lead media and entertainmentservices analyst from Technavio. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=53797 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top six video services market vendors Amazon.com Amazon.com also offers Amazon Prime, an annual membership program that includes unlimited free shipping of various items, access to unlimited instant streaming of various movies and TV episodes. It also offers new, refurbished, unique, and used products in various categories that include music, video games, sports and outdoors, electronics and computers, and books. With Amazon Prime membership, the user has an option to purchase video subscriptions to Starz, Showtime, and other streaming entertainment channels through Amazon Video. They also have access to Prime Video titles. Apple Apple offers video services through Apple OTT, VOD, and live streaming on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, and PC with HTTP live streaming technology by Apple. The company has a strong operational network, which is inclusive of more than 425 retail stores in 14 countries and online stores over 50 countries. The company invests heavily in R&D to develop the world's most innovative products and solutions. Google Google offers online VOD services through Google Play Movies and TV. A viewer can watch movies and TV online through the Google Play website or the app offered by Google Play Movies and TV for iOS, Android, and Roku. As of 2015, the VOD service offered by Google Play Movies and TV was available in 102 countries, whereas TV shows were available in a limited number of countries, including Canada, the US, the UK, Germany, France, Austria, Australia, and Japan. Hulu Hulu broadcasts a range of TV shows, movies, and other telecasts for viewers. In July 2015, it offered free trials of its showtime programs to viewers for a period of 30 days. The company intends to launch an ad-free subscription service, which will allow viewers to watch the show without any interruption. Apple Watch also offers remote control services for Hulu, allowing for easy navigation. Netflix Netflix operates through three major business segments: Domestic streaming, international streaming, and domestic DVD. The revenues of domestic and international streaming segments are generated from video streaming on a monthly membership basis. The revenue of the domestic DVD segment is realized from the monthly membership fees for services that include DVD-by-mail. As of December 2015, the company served more than 50 million streaming members, in more than 75 countries, providing over 1 billion hours of TV shows and movies per month. YouTube Most of the content on YouTube is uploaded by individual users. Media corporations such as CBS, Vevo, Hulu, and the BBC offer their material with the help of YouTube, as a part of the YouTube partnership program. In addition, a free-to-view option provided by YouTube is another major reason for its growing popularity, and most of its revenue is generated through the ad-supported business model. Browse Related Reports: Global Electronic Home Video Market 2016-2020 Global Digital Video Content Market 2016-2020 Video Streaming Market in China 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can’t find what you’re looking for? Don’t worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161019005439/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 6 Vendors in the Video Services Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio 19.10.2016 | 20:03 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 6 Vendors in the Video Services Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recentglobal video services marketreport. This research report also lists 24 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. In 2015, the global video services market was valued at USD 62.65 billion, and it will grow at a CAGR of 24.34% to reach USD 186.2 billion by 2020. Video streaming services allow viewers to view videos or any digital content free of cost. One of the popular online platforms for video streaming services is YouTube, which allows viewers to watch, rate, share, and give feedback about videos. Most often, video streaming services are interactive, and content providers can measure its popularity by counting the number of views. More than 60% of the marketing professionals confirm that video advertising through an online platform is the most effective form of marketing and it gives the highest ROI. However, viewers prefer to watch advertisements that are not longer than 15 seconds. Short and innovative video ads attract a larger number of viewers. Competitive scenario The global video services market is highly competitive because of the presence of many large players. Intense competition and increasing technological advances are significant risk factors for vendors. Vendors are competing based on features, technology, video quality, and price. During the forecast period, the competition will become more intense as vendors adopt advanced technologies to gain competitive advantages. "Vendors are investing in planning, designing, developing, acquiring new players, and expanding existing facilities. Technological innovations and creativity play a significant role in driving the market growth. To sustain in the competitive market, vendors have to develop new ideas and technologies and stay up-to-date with the emerging technologies that could influence the service lines," says Ujjwal Doshi, a lead media and entertainmentservices analyst from Technavio Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=53797 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top six video services market vendors Amazon.com Amazon.com also offers Amazon Prime, an annual membership program that includes unlimited free shipping of various items, access to unlimited instant streaming of various movies and TV episodes. It also offers new, refurbished, unique, and used products in various categories that include music, video games, sports and outdoors, electronics and computers, and books. With Amazon Prime membership, the user has an option to purchase video subscriptions to Starz, Showtime, and other streaming entertainment channels through Amazon Video. They also have access to Prime Video titles. Apple Apple offers video services through Apple OTT, VOD, and live streaming on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, and PC with HTTP live streaming technology by Apple. The company has a strong operational network, which is inclusive of more than 425 retail stores in 14 countries and online stores over 50 countries. The company invests heavily in R&D to develop the world's most innovative products and solutions. Google Google offers online VOD services through Google Play Movies and TV. A viewer can watch movies and TV online through the Google Play website or the app offered by Google Play Movies and TV for iOS, Android, and Roku. As of 2015, the VOD service offered by Google Play Movies and TV was available in 102 countries, whereas TV shows were available in a limited number of countries, including Canada, the US, the UK, Germany, France, Austria, Australia, and Japan. Hulu Hulu broadcasts a range of TV shows, movies, and other telecasts for viewers. In July 2015, it offered free trials of its showtime programs to viewers for a period of 30 days. The company intends to launch an ad-free subscription service, which will allow viewers to watch the show without any interruption. Apple Watch also offers remote control services for Hulu, allowing for easy navigation. Netflix Netflix operates through three major business segments: Domestic streaming, international streaming, and domestic DVD. The revenues of domestic and international streaming segments are generated from video streaming on a monthly membership basis. The revenue of the domestic DVD segment is realized from the monthly membership fees for services that include DVD-by-mail. As of December 2015, the company served more than 50 million streaming members, in more than 75 countries, providing over 1 billion hours of TV shows and movies per month. YouTube Most of the content on YouTube is uploaded by individual users. Media corporations such as CBS, Vevo, Hulu, and the BBC offer their material with the help of YouTube, as a part of the YouTube partnership program. In addition, a free-to-view option provided by YouTube is another major reason for its growing popularity, and most of its revenue is generated through the ad-supported business model. Browse Related Reports: Global Electronic Home Video Market 2016-2020 Global Digital Video Content Market 2016-2020 Video Streaming Market in China 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161019005439/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Champions League Celtic 0-2 Borussia Mönchengladbach: Champions League – as it happened Borussia Mönchengladbach leapfrogged Celtic into third place in Group C after two mistakes from Kolo Touré allowed Lars Stindl and André Hahn to score Updated Moenchengladbach’s Lars Stindl clebrates scoring the opening goal with teammates Traore and Hahn. Photograph: Marius Becker/EPA Michael Butler @michaelbutler18 Wednesday 19 October 2016 16.48 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 19 October 2016 16.56 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 4.47pm EDT 16:47 Summary 4.36pm EDT 16:36 Full-time: Celtic 0-2 Borussia Mönchengladbach 4.19pm EDT 16:19 GOAL! Celtic 0-2 Borussia Mönchengladbach (Hahn 77) 3.59pm EDT 15:59 GOAL! Celtic 0-1 Borussia Mönchengladbach (Stindl 57) 3.33pm EDT 15:33 Half-time: Celtic 0-0 Borussia Mönchengladbach 3.34pm EDT 15:34 Half-time viewing 1.55pm EDT 13:55 The teams! Live feed Show 4.56pm EDT 16:56 And here’s Ewan Murray’s report from Parkhead: Celtic thwarted as Lars Stindl and André Hahn strike for Mönchengladbach Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.47pm EDT 16:47 Summary Celtic are bottom of Group C, then. This was their easiest game on paper, and they were woeful. In a fortnight, they will go to Germany for tonight’s reverse fixture almost certainly needing a win to nab third place and a Europa League spot. It’s a tough ask – with Hazard, Raffael and Christensen all likely to be fit again – especially with Barcelona at home, and Manchester City away to come. Well done to Gladbach. Elvedi looks a real prospect at centre back, just 20 years of age, and the captain Stindl looked a standout player, not just because of his goal. They got their tactics spot on, dominating Celtic in the first half with possession and pressing them into mistakes in the second. The players link arms and face the 3,000 travelling fans, each of them bouncing in celebration. Brendon Rodgers looks dejected after the final whistle. Photograph: Andrew Milligan/PA Kolo Touré: In that kind of competition, you can’t afford to make those kind of mistakes. I have to blame myself. It was a simple action, to put the ball to the side. Second goal, the same thing. Maybe I was thinking about the other action. Even though I’m 35 years old, I’m still making 16-year-old mistakes. Fair play to Kolo for facing the cameras. But he was caught out tonight. Thanks for reading and for your emails and tweets. See ya! Champions League (@ChampionsLeague) A #UCL night which had everything! Enjoy it? pic.twitter.com/wIAPbFsoX2 October 19, 2016 Updated at 4.55pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.36pm EDT 16:36 Full-time: Celtic 0-2 Borussia Mönchengladbach That is that. If Scott Brown’s looks could kill. They probably can. A German Team (@borussia_en) FULL TIME! Our first @ChampionsLeague points on the board 🎉 It's a deserved 2-0 win for #AGermanTeam at Celtic Park. #UCL #CELBMG pic.twitter.com/TWSn30i8W6 October 19, 2016 Updated at 4.38pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EDT 16:35 90+3 min: Gladbach should add a late winner, with Herrmann lurking at the back post, but his cut back across Celtic’s six-yard box comes to nothing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.34pm EDT 16:34 90+2 min: Celtic haven’t had a kick for about three minutes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32pm EDT 16:32 90 min: Three minutes added on here. Celtic Park is looking increasingly empty. “Twelve goals conceded in three games does not qualification from the CL group stage make,” notes Simon McMahon. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.31pm EDT 16:31 89 min: Hahn, a Gladbach goalscorer, comes off for Herrmann. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.31pm EDT 16:31 87 min: Schulz comes on for Troaré for Gladbach, their first change. Three minutes to go, and Yann Sommer remains idle in Gladbach’s goal. I don’t think he has had to make a save in this second half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28pm EDT 16:28 85 min: This has been some performance from Gladbach. Without their best attacking players in Raffael and Hazard, and their best defender in Christenson through injury – plus the tactical exclusion of the talented Mahmoud Dahoud – they’ve bossed this match. This result means that avoiding defeat in two weeks time at home to Celtic in the reverse fixture will probably mean that they qualify for the Europa League. That’s assuming that neither can take anything off Barcelona or Manchester City. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EDT 16:24 83 min: Touré looks to be carrying an injury – he’s hobbling – but he’ll have to continue: Celtic have made all three substitutions. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.23pm EDT 16:23 81 min: Celtic pour forward, but this looks as though it will be in vain. In fact, Gladbach look more likely to score on the counter, as Hahn flashes a shot past Gordon’s near post. Ewan Murray (@mrewanmurray) 2-0. Again, fully deserved. Too many Celtic players miles off it. October 19, 2016 Updated at 4.25pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22pm EDT 16:22 79 min: Roberts gets to the byline and dances his way past Wendt but is shut down by the covering Vestergaard, who has been a rock tonight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.19pm EDT 16:19 GOAL! Celtic 0-2 Borussia Mönchengladbach (Hahn 77) Another mistake from Touré. The Ivorian gives the ball away with a sloppy pass and as he tries to retrieve it, is caught out of position. Hahn rushes into the gaping hole in the middle of Celtic’s defence, composes himself and neatly toe-pokes the ball against the underside of the bar and in. Hahn scores the second. Photograph: Russell Cheyne/Reuters And celebrates. Photograph: Russell Cheyne/Reuters Updated at 4.29pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.18pm EDT 16:18 76 min: Dembele aside, Celtic don’t have any attacking players anywhere near six foot. So not sure the tactic they are currently employing of crossing the ball towards 6ft5in Vestergaard and 6ft1in Elvedi. Updated at 4.19pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.16pm EDT 16:16 74 min: Gladbach haven’t won an away match in Europe’s elite competition since 1977. Sixteen minutes to go. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.14pm EDT 16:14 72 min: Celtic make their final change: Roberts on, Forrest off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.13pm EDT 16:13 70 min: Griffiths on, Rogic off. Huge roar from Celtic’s faithful, but that’s a strange sub – Rogic has been useful this half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.10pm EDT 16:10 67 min: With that change, Celtic have changed their shape, with Tierney and Lustig now acting as wingers. Scott Brown is now playing as a third centre half. Gladbach are notoriously dangerous on the counter-attack, but this is a good response to going behind from Celtic. Pressure building … Updated at 4.10pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EDT 16:09 65 min: Callum McGregor replaces Nir Bitton in Celtic’s first sub. Rogic, who has looked Celtic’s best player since half-time, flashes a deflected shot wide. Corner, from which Sviatchenko tries to force a header home, but the ball ends up on the top of the net. Sviatchenko can’t get it on target. Photograph: Jan Kruger - UEFA/UEFA via Getty Images Updated at 4.26pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.07pm EDT 16:07 63 min: “Out of nothing?” emails Mark R. “Incorrect, Mr. Butler. Out of Kolo! Were it not for Kolo Toure stumbling, fumbling, mumbling, and bumbling that simple clearance, Celtic would still be level. That one’s all on Kolo. Think Brendan Rodgers could get Kolo’s younger brother on a January transfer and convince him to play on the back line?” Not sure that Celtic have the financial muscle or the weather to tempt Yaya north. What’s the birthday cake like up there? Updated at 4.07pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EDT 16:04 61 min: It opens up for Bitton in the middle of the pitch, and with Sinclair to the left and Dembele to the right, the Israeli goes for goal from 30 yards with his weaker foot. It doesn’t go in. Celtic park groans. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.03pm EDT 16:03 58 min: Stindl goes clean through once more, and it’s only a magnificent sliding tackle from Sviatchenko which prevents Celtic falling further behind. Expect changes from Rodgers soon. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.59pm EDT 15:59 GOAL! Celtic 0-1 Borussia Mönchengladbach (Stindl 57) Out of nothing, the visitors are ahead. This is a huge goal in the context of Group C, and it all stems from a mistake from Kolo Touré, who tries to see the ball out for a goal kick. Instead Hahn got round the Celtic defender, tackled the ball back to Gladbach’s captain Stindl and he whacked a ball hard and low, through Gordon’s legs and into the net. Perhaps Gordon could have done better, but it came at him quickly and from about eight yards out. Stindl scores the opener. Photograph: Russell Cheyne/Reuters Kirsten Schlewitz (@kdschlewitz) A GERMAN TEAM IS WINNING @borussia_en October 19, 2016 Updated at 4.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.57pm EDT 15:57 55 min: Not an awful lot of quality in the middle of the pitch from Celtic. It’s mainly kick and rush. Their biggest threat is perhaps winning the ball high up the pitch and hoping Sinclair/Dembele do the rest. Bitton has been particularly poor with possession. Ewan Murray (@mrewanmurray) Nir Bitton having one of those nights. October 19, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EDT 15:56 53 min: Strobl finds a pocket of space on the edge of Celtic’s area and tries to open his body up to curl it in the far corner, but guides his shot wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.55pm EDT 15:55 51 min: Gladbach have switched to a back three, and I’m not sure why. They were utterly dominant in the first half with a back four, and Celtic are now getting some joy down the flanks. Dembele slips in Sinclair, who twists and turns inside Gladbach’s area, but in the end can’t find the right cutback to Rogic. Sinclair heads goalwards. Photograph: Steve Welsh/Getty Images Missed chance. Photograph: Russell Cheyne/Reuters Updated at 4.04pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.52pm EDT 15:52 49 min: Lustig gets forward well and swings a cross in for Sinclair, who meets it awkwardly on the penalty spot, with the ball glancing wide. A little bit behind the former Manchester City man. A better start from Celtic. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.50pm EDT 15:50 47 min: Gladbach fans have let off a flare in the away end. It is, as the kids say, lit. Gordon Duncan (@gordonduncan7) Pyro on display in the away end at Celtic Park... pic.twitter.com/6xJoGnkO8F October 19, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.49pm EDT 15:49 46 min: Apparently Gladbach’s manager André Schubert has got a tactics board in his living room. I’m not sure whether he’s married or not. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 Peeeeeep! We’re underway again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 Leigh Griffiths has been doing some eye-catching kick-ups on the pitch at half-time. He didn’t let the ball bounce once! And they say the standard of football in Scotland isn’t all that. Pah! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.34pm EDT 15:34 Half-time viewing Whilst you wait for the second half, have a watch of our documentary on the Kurdistan football team. Desert fire: the world cup rebels of Kurdistan – video Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Champions League Celtic Borussia Mönchengladbach European club football Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Champions League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Unlocking your Android now breaks Android Pay Chris Burns - Oct 19, 2016 5 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Android users with unlocked bootloaders will soon be unable to use Android Pay. They are, as of this week, greeted by the message “we could not verify your software” when attempting to pay. This is because of a silent update to SafetyNet by Google. SafetyNet is a system that aims to stop modifications to software on Android devices. Today it would seem that Google has dropped the hammer. Several devices, including both the Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P, seem to be first on the list of affected builds. One example is Nexus 6 user PhantomGamers from Reddit. That user says he or she is running “completely stock” with an unlocked bootloader. Upon trying to make a payment with Android Pay, the user saw the message. “We could not verify your software,” said the phone. A check with SafetyNet Helper showed “CTS profile match: false.” A user running CyanogenMod 13 on a OnePlus 3 with an unlocked bootloader was also blocked. A Nexus 6P user reports that the following message appeared upon using Android Pay: “Android pay can’t be used on this device… Google isnt able to confirm that your device or the software on it is is Android compatible. You many need to unroot your device.” This Nexus 6P user suggests that they were not rooted, but did have an unlocked bootloader. As SafetyNet checks happen server-side, Google will have made this change itself. As of this time, it does not appear that this is a mistake or a bug. This update seems to have taken place at some point in the afternoon, USA time, on the 19th of October. If you or someone you know has an unlocked bootloader and plans to use their phone for Android Pay, let them know. Before they head out on a trip with only their phone for cash. That would not be a pretty situation to be a part of. Story Timeline Google Pixel VS Nexus : key details of the not-quite-dead Nexus 6 finally gets its Android 7.0 Nougat dessert The Nexus is no more, departs from Google Store Google should never have promised Nexus upgrades Google Pixel parody details Nexus 6 still-great 2-year-old abilities Tags AndroidAndroid PaygooglemobilePhonespixelPixel XLsmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft details Black Friday 2016 deals: sales start November 24 Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Sony Xperia XZ review: The best of Sony, but not the best phone By: Andrew Hoyle Reviewed: October 19, 2016 Sony Xperia XZ is good, but not good enough by Andrew Hoyle Close Drag   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Previous Next $649.99 MSRP: $699.99 Sony Xperia XZ (Forest Blue, 32GB) (Part #: CNETXPERIAXZFORSTBLU32GB) 5 Related Models Sony Xperia XZ (Mineral Black, 64GB) isxperiaxzdualblackus $614.99 Sony Xperia XZ (Forest Blue, 64GB) isxperiaxzdualblueus $624.99 Sony Xperiz XZ (Platinum, 32GB) isxperiaxzplatinumus $699.99 Sony Xperiz XZ (Platinum, 64GB) f8332silver $615.00 Sony Xperia XZ (Mineral Black, 32 GB) isxperiaxzblackus $699.99 Amazon.com $649.99 See it See all prices Add to my Holiday List Compare These Google Pixel Phone Apple iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Apple iPhone 7 3.5 stars CNET Editors' Rating 0 stars Be the first to review! The Good Sony's Xperia XZ looks good, it won't die when you spill your drink on it and its bold screen makes mobile games look great. The Bad Its battery life doesn't impress, and nor does the camera. Its full HD display isn't as high resolution as most of its rivals. The Bottom Line The Sony Xperia XZ is a decent all-round phone, but it doesn't offer any competition to its main rival, the Galaxy S7. Its high price means the XZ isn't the phone to go for. 7.0 Overall Design 7.0 Features 7.0 Performance 8.0 Camera 7.0 Battery 6.0 Review Sections Review Prices Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Mobile Phones Sony Xperia XZ Sony needs to get it together. I've reviewed its phones -- from the top of the line down to the most basic -- for several years now, and I hate to see the Xperia family decline. Hard truth: It just can't keep up with its competitors. Take this "flagship" Xperia XZ, for example. It looks good, the screen is great and the Xperia line was water-resistant before IP68 was a glimmer in Samsung's eye. But that's not enough of a reason to buy it. It costs a lot: $687, £540 or AU$999. Google's Pixel and Samsung's Galaxy S7 phones have much better cameras and longer battery life, for the same price or less. And their fingerprint readers work all over the world -- for some insane reason, Sony turns it off for the US. While there's little that's seriously wrong with the Xperia XZ, there isn't much to grab my attention, and that's a big contrast from even a year ago when Sony was an undersung brand just waiting for its time in the sun. The Xperia XZ is a decent Android phone, but you'll probably feel more connected with the Google Pixel, OnePlus 3 or Galaxy S7. This one will get the job done; it just won't dazzle you while it does it. View full gallery It's Sony's signature black block. That's metal this time, not glass. Andrew Hoyle/CNET Refined design 161 grams (5.67 ounces) 146x72x8.1mm (5.7x2.8x0.3 inches) Fingerprint scanner on right edge -- but not in the US Water resistant 32GB built-in storage If you've seen last year's Xperia Z5, you've basically seen the XZ. The newly rounded edges make the XZ a smidge more comfortable to hold, while also making it look less boxy. The back panel is metal, not glass, and while there's a seam separating it from a plastic strip at the bottom, it's smooth and feels good to hold. The changes aren't huge and it still bears the unmistakably monolithic Sony design, but XZ looks and feels like more of a refined, luxurious option than its predecessor. The phone is water and dust resistant (IP68 rated, if you're wondering), but that doesn't mean you can take it in the swimming pool. The protection it has is designed to keep it safe from accidental drink spills or rain, but it's not an underwater camera. Sony's official advice states, "You should not put the device completely underwater; or expose it to seawater, salt water, chlorinated water, or liquids such as drinks. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty." Yikes. View full gallery Just a power button? Yes, but only in the US. Elsewhere it pulls double duty. Andrew Hoyle/CNET There's a fingerprint scanner on the right-hand edge, built into the power button. Its position means the scanner is right beneath your thumb when you hold it in your right hand, or under your index finger when you hold it in your left. It's quick to register your fingerprint, and I found it to be fast and accurate in granting access. Those of you in the US should note that the fingerprint scanner is disabled in the model sold there. In America, it's just a dumb power button. It's an odd move and it does put the XZ a step down against rivals like the Galaxy S7, which have the scanners built in wherever you buy them. There's 32GB of built-in storage as standard, but you can pop in a microSD card to expand that to your heart's content. The XZ uses the new USB type-C, so prepare to replace your stash of old Micro-USB cables. Bold display 5.2 inches Full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel resolution) Colours really pop on this screen, making it a good option if you like playing vibrant games like Candy Crush or watch colourful TV shows like "Power Rangers." Although maybe that's just me. It's a bright screen too, easily countering the overhead lights in CNET's London office, and being easily readable under Britain's grey, autumnal clouds. How it fares under midday summer sun remains to be seen, but I'm comfortable saying it'll be at least as good as most of its main rivals. It has a full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel) resolution, which is sufficient to make apps and games look crisp, but it's not as high as you'd expect from a top-end flagship. Phones such as the Galaxy S7, LG G5 and HTC 10 all pack ultra high resolution displays, so the XZ feels like it's coming up short here. For everyday use this won't make much difference, but if you want to use a phone with a VR headset -- where the phone will be displayed close up in front of your eyes -- that lower resolution will be noticeable. View full gallery The Xperia XZ runs Android Marshmallow. Andrew Hoyle/CNET Android Marshmallow, with additions Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow software Sony custom interface Too much preinstalled software 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor 3GB RAM The phone arrives with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow on board, which isn't the absolute latest version -- that honour goes to Android Nougat -- but it's the most recent version you'll find on most phones at the moment. Sony has confirmed that the XZ will get the update, but hasn't yet set a firm date. Continue to next page 01 02 Best phones of 2016 See All Google Pixel Phone Starting at: $649.00 4.5 stars With the help of an Assistant, Google's first in-house designed Pixel phone makes a kickass... Apple iPhone 7 Plus Starting at: $769.00 4.5 stars With two rear cameras and true optical zoom, the iPhone 7 Plus is Apple's most sophisticated... Samsung Galaxy S7 Starting at: $469.99 4.5 stars We reviewed the new Samsung Galaxy S7 in London, Berlin, San Francisco and Sydney. It's... Apple iPhone 7 Starting at: $649.00 4.5 stars Beneath a familiar design, the iPhone 7 adds some great improvements, including water... Andrew Hoyle twitter facebook googleplus Andrew is a senior editor at CNET and has always been fascinated by tech. When not getting up close and personal with the latest phones, he can normally be found with his camera in hand, behind his drums or eating his stash of home-cooked food. Sometimes all at once. See full bio This week on CNET News Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Julian Assange questioned by prosecutors over rape allegations iPhone sales will 'suffer' if Trump targets China, officials warn   Discuss: Sony Xperia XZ (Forest Blue, 32GB) Conversation powered by Livefyre © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Flipkart follows Google, Amazon into the world of secret servers Varun Aggarwal   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Peeyush Ranjan, Head of Engineering, Flipkart Decides to upgrade its tech infrastructure after the fiasco of 1st Big Billion Day sale in 2014 Mumbai, October 19:   Online retailer Flipkart is now following global pioneers like Amazon and Google to build its own servers and networks. The move is aimed at creating a platform that responds to specific requirements. The decision to build its own servers follows painful experiences of the past. Flipkart’s first Big Billion Day sale, in 2014, was a big turning point for the company, which was able to cross $1 billion for the first time since inception. But it was also a major embarrassment for the e-commerce giant. Flipkart’s website kept crashing due to the unprecedented volume of traffic; customers complained of money getting deducted and yet orders not getting confirmed. At a time when the largest Indian online retailer was starting to face competition from the world’s largest e-retailer Amazon, this failure of its tech infrastructure to respond to high sales volume was its worst nightmare. Lessons learnt But what came out from that disaster is now about to put Flipkart into an elite club of internet companies. The firm decided it needed to match its tech infrastructure with that of Amazon and Google. It decided to set up its own data centre in India, instead of running operations from third-party data centres. Flipkart also hired a senior Google executive from California, Peeyush Ranjan, as Head of Engineering, to handle this project. Ranjan decided to replicate the internet giant’s model of building own servers and networks. Which basically means, buying cheap hardware and connecting them with your own software to ensure you get the highest performance at dirt cheap cost. “We built our own data centre because we know our needs are very specific,” Ranjan told BusinessLine. “We are a low-margin business. We can optimise the hell out of it, tighten every screw. That’s what Google did. When Google started building a data centre, it didn’t go about buying high-end storage and servers. They thought: ‘If the hardware fails, the software will provide resilience and we will swap out the hardware’.” The efforts have paid off for Flipkart as it was able to run two subsequent Big Billion Day sales without major glitches. That gives the company the confidence of being seen in the league of Facebook, Google and Amzon. “We are building the same kind of data centres Facebook and Google have. We are working with the exact same vendors.” Compute power Ranjan said that with highly optimised servers, the company is able to get compute power at the cheapest possible price, something that Amazon was led into after trying to constantly build capacity. The US-based e-commerce player started offering compute as a service to others when it realised it had a lot more servers than it needed, especially during non-festival season. Extreme competition in the e-commerce space has made several companies bleed worldwide. Amazon and Alibaba are already looking at different revenue models to squeeze in profitability by offering Cloud services, and so far it has worked pretty well for them. Investing in hardware “It is not surprising to see Flipkart build its own hardware,” said Sanchit Gogia, CEO, Greyhound Research. “E-commerce manages the scale like nobody else. This means they’ll have to invest heavily in servers and switches in the next decade. It is much cheaper to invest in your own architecture and build it yourself. But it is not as easy as it sounds. Flipkart will face immense challenge trying to get into the big league of Google and Amazon.” Today, Amazon Web Services, the result of the excess capacity within Amazon, is the fastest-growing and most profitable division for Amazon. Would Flipkart do the same in the future? If it does, it has the ability to become a profitable e-commerce company and one of the largest data-centre providers in the world. (This article was published on October 19, 2016) Related TOPICS computing and information technology | e-commerce and e-business | hardware | networking | economy, business and finance | computing and information technology | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Singapore-based fintech start-up Active.ai raises $ 3mn funding Tata, global firms join hands to set up IoT incubator in Israel Seeing huge skill gap, Salesforce to train Indian students London woos Indian start-ups Tata-Mistry spat unlikely to hit TCS operations: Analysts Sasken re-invents itself, targets $250-m in revenue by 2021 ICJ rejects India’s plea for change arbitrator in Vodafone case Downsizing: eBay slashes workforce in Bengaluru development centre Alibaba cautious on India strategy, weighs options LATEST NEWS Future Group, INI Farms tie up to boost banana, pomegranate output Markets come to a standstill as cash crunch hits traders and farmers Plantation sector in limbo over payment of wages Fruits, veggie trade severely hit Is the North-East monsoon headed for a washout? More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech Snapdeal set to sell own products, too E-commerce major Snapdeal will invest $100 million in the fashion segment over the next one year. According to Kunal Bahl, co... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Biz News Will the New President Get Hollywood’s Vote? Ted Johnson Senior Editor @tedstew 1 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Brian Danaher for Variety October 19, 2016 | 10:30AM PT This reality show of a presidential campaign is bound to have a very real effect on Hollywood. A host of showbiz-centric issues are at stake, including trade, piracy, and net neutrality. Additionally, whoever wins the presidency could change the power dynamics of key industry lobbyists in Washington. This story first appeared in the October 18, 2016 issue of Variety. Subscribe today.See more. Hillary Clinton has offered outlines of her take on key issues affecting the industry. But the impact a Trump presidency would have on the business is unclear. Many in the industry have been harsh: MPAA chairman Chris Dodd said Trump is “doing what demagogues have done — appealing to people’s fears,” and even Mark Burnett, the executive producer of “The Apprentice,” condemned him in a statement last week. So would Trump come into office ready to settle old scores? Here’s a look at some of Hollywood’s principle concerns in D.C. and how they could be affected, depending on who wins the election. The predictions are based on interviews with campaign officials and industry sources. Technology The tech industry has increased its influence in Washington during the Obama years. On issues like piracy, some in the entertainment industry have grumbled that the administration has shown favoritism to Google and other tech firms, such as when the White House was openly critical of a key piece of Hollywood-backed legislation, the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), that was fiercely opposed by many on the tech side. Trump has openly criticized tech titans. He accused Google of “suppressing bad news” about Clinton; he called for a boycott of Apple after it refused to help the FBI break into an iPhone owned by one of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooters; and he has gone after Jeff Bezos, saying Amazon has an “antitrust problem.” But those attacks may be just bombast: They are tempered by the fact that his transition team, led by Gov. Chris Christie (R-N.J.), has been reaching out to tech and entertainment figures, and recently held a meeting that included representatives of the Internet Association and the MPAA. Clinton, meanwhile, has enjoyed significant support from Hollywood and Silicon Valley. According to the Center for Responsive Politics, her campaign has raised $4.2 million from showbiz and $1.8 million from the tech sector. Clinton, too, has said that she would oppose legislation like SOPA, but she has longtime ties to Hollywood studio figures, and to Dodd, who was chairman of the Democratic National Committee for two years when Bill Clinton was president. A key appointment if she is elected will be the next “IP czar,” or intellectual property enforcement coordinator, a position tasked with piracy issues. The FCC Trump supporter Ann Coulter knows what position she’d want in his administration: FCC chair. That would certainly draw some attention to an agency usually caught up in the most wonkish communications issues. Assuming that Trump does recognize the reality of who could pass Senate muster, his most obvious pick for FCC chair would be Ajit Pai, who has been the senior dissenting voice during the tenure of current chairman Tom Wheeler and the Democratic majority. A Gen-Xer who sprinkles his remarks with pop-culture references, Pai has railed against what he sees as heavy-handed regulation on issues like net neutrality and media ownership, as well as a recent proposal to require that cable companies offer subscribers an app in lieu of renting a set-top box. A GOP majority on the FCC would be far more likely to look into major changes to ownership restrictions, including a rule that bars common control of a TV station and newspaper in the same market. Trump has called for a temporary suspension of new regulations, and media conglomerates and studios generally prefer an environment of fewer restrictions on their business practices. On Clinton’s side, the speculation is that she would, in a first, tap a woman as the next official FCC chair. Among the names being mentioned in D.C.: Karen Kornbluh, an executive at Nielsen and a former senior adviser to Obama; Susan Ness, a member of the FCC under President Bill Clinton; and Catherine Sandoval, a member of the California Public Utilities Commission. Wall Street analysts are convinced that under Clinton, the FCC would “likely be an extension of Obama policy,” in the words of a recent report from New Street Research. The question is whether the next chair will have quite the same appetite as Wheeler for pushing through policies that have rattled key Washington interest groups. The set-top-box proposal, for instance, has proved so controversial that, should it fail to proceed during the remainder of Wheeler’s term, the new FCC chair would be unlikely to take it up immediately. Net neutrality One of the most contentious battles during the Obama years has been the FCC’s move to impose a robust set of open internet rules. The net neutrality regulations prohibit internet providers from blocking or slowing content, or from putting a price on delivering traffic faster. Seeking a solid legal footing, the FCC last year classified the internet as a utility, a controversial move that has stood up in court. Clinton has supported the FCC’s approach to net neutrality — albeit not with quite the same bullishness as the Obama administration. She has also outlined a plan to make high-speed internet service ubiquitous throughout the U.S., through a combination of infrastructure investment and incentives. That, too, would continue some of the current administration’s initiatives. It also would have implications for speeding the growth of online video as an alternative to the cable bundle. Would Trump seek to roll back net neutrality? There are signs that he would. Before he entered the race, he warned that the open internet rules would be used to “target conservative media.” (There is no evidence that this has occurred.) Trump reportedly has tapped Jeffrey Eisenach, a think-tank advocate for deregulation, for his transition team. Eisenach has been a critic of the FCC’s internet approach, so he could push for nominees who would commit to a repeal. Trade The biggest fallout from this presidential campaign has been to the prospects for the massive Trans Pacific Partnership. Industry boosters say the trade pact would boost copyright protections and piracy enforcement, but copyright issues have been secondary to concerns over what the agreement would mean for jobs. Both Clinton and Trump oppose the trade pact, which would be between the U.S. and 11 Pacific Rim countries. However, their rhetoric is quite different. Trump has bashed the agreement as being poorly negotiated, but it’s unclear what kind of a deal, if any, he would push for instead. Steven Mnuchin, his campaign finance chairman and a film financier, says Trump “believes in free trade and fair trade.” He adds that Trump “believes that if they are going to be able to open markets, they should be in both directions.” Much depends on whom Trump would choose for key positions such as the U.S. Trade Representative. The dire prediction of some opposed to Trump’s candidacy is that he’d pursue protectionism in the form of high tariffs on imports, triggering an all-out trade war with China. For Hollywood, that scenario would halt progress on increasing China’s quota on foreign films distributed to the country. Trump has hammered Clinton for calling TPP the “gold standard” of trade agreements when she was Secretary of State. She now says she opposes it because she was dissatisfied with the final language. The question for Clinton is whether she would try for something else — or whether the current administration will try to get the agreement through during the lame-duck session, as Obama has indicated he would like to do. Piracy Trump has railed against China’s “rampant theft of intellectual property” and has suggested that millions of U.S. jobs are lost because of it. According to the U.S. Trade Representative, there has been progress in terms of China stepping up its own enforcement, but online piracy remains “widespread.” For Trump, the question is: What could he do to force China to stop ripping off works? Mnuchin says he would be “very pro protecting copyright and trade secrets. That is something that he believes in.” Clinton’s campaign says she favors strong intellectual property protections, but the copyright system needs reform. She wants to “modernize” the system to free up so-called orphan works (content for which the rights holders cannot be found), and she wants to work with copyright industries to come up with new ways to streamline licensing. But the prospects for a major overhaul of copyright law are doubtful, even as a key House lawmaker has held a series of hearings on an update. Since the defeat of SOPA, the entertainment industry has pursued voluntary agreements with other industries as a way to fight piracy. Moreover, lawmakers are skittish over industry-against-industry squabbles. That may not change even if Democrats take control of the Senate, as copyright issues tend to cross party lines. Social swirl President Obama and the first lady have embraced the entertainment industry, reviving “In Performance at the White House,” tapping pop culture to promote their causes, and hosting White House movie screenings. Those relationships undoubtedly would continue in a Clinton presidency, as Hillary and Bill have a history with Hollywood that goes back decades. If the past is any guide, some of their top donors, like Haim Saban and Jeffrey Katzenberg, would be high on the list for White House invites, as would showbiz figures who really stepped up during the Clinton campaign, like Katy Perry, Lena Dunham, and Leonardo DiCaprio. Trump could be a different story. Would he shun Hollywood? The pushback against his election by entertainers has been great, so it’s hard to imagine that he would toss away grudges for the privilege of having A-listers at a state dinner. Still, Trump values stardom and success. In the short term, that would mean the figures who backed his campaign: Jon Voight, Omarosa, the cast of “Duck Dynasty.” Trump, already mindful of White House limitations in terms of events, could aim for splashier affairs. Earlier this year, at a campaign stop, he revived his idea to build a new ballroom (that he said he would pay for). “We’ll get the top people, the top everything, we’ll have the best ballroom,” Trump said. “Because I notice they always put tents up on the lawn. Number one, it’s not a good security thing. Number two, the guy that owns the tents is making a fortune.” Filed Under: Donald Trump Fcc Hillary Clinton Mark Burnett Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 12:13PM PT Judge Orders ‘Making a Murderer’s’ Brendan Dassey Be Released From Prison 2 TV 12:02PM PT Bernie Sanders: Trump ‘Touched a Nerve,’ FBI Involvement ‘Unacceptable’ 3 TV 11:15AM PT Gwen Ifill, Longtime PBS Journalist, Dies at 61 4 TV 11:06AM PT Adult Swim Regular Brett Gelman Says He Won’t Work With Network Over Treatment of Women 5 TV 10:30AM PT HBO Renews ‘Westworld,’ ‘Divorce,’ ‘Insecure’ for Second Seasons Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Tate sanders says: October 19, 2016 at 5:08 pm Who cares, they are here to entertain us Reply More Biz News from Variety The Power of Content Frank Konigsberg Dies: Longtime Agent & TV Producer Was 83 The Late Shoe Legend Vince Camuto Receives Posthumous Honor Chris Meloni to Star in Syfy's Happy! Graphic Novel… Oreo's new, life-changing candy bars just ruined World Diabetes… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Google removes Panel support from Chrome By Martin Brinkmann on October 19, 2016 in Google Chrome - Last Update:October 19, 2016 9 Google has removed support for panels in Chrome 54 on all platforms except on Chrome OS. Panels, which were only enabled on developer versions of Chrome by default, and had to be enabled on other versions using the enable panels flag on chrome://flags, looked like notifications on first glance. They enabled extension developers to spawn windows on the screen that one could best describe as advanced notification windows. The main advantages that panels offered in comparison were that they supported custom sizes, could be minimized or moved, supported always on top functionality, and allowed for custom HTML and CSS code. Panels were used to display content in their own window, Picture in Picture Viewer for Chrome did that, or to provide note taking functionality which the Wunderlist Panel extension offered. Google removes Panel support from Chrome Google removed Panel support from Google Chrome in version 54. If you set the enable panels flag previously you will notice that it is not there anymore when you open the about:flags page. Also, any extension that relied on panels for its functionality won't be able to do so anymore. This means that some extensions will stop working altogether -- if all their functionality is triggered by opening a panel -- or some functionality won't work anymore if panels were used to power some features of the extension. Popular extensions, Google's own Hangouts extensions or Trello for Chrome, made use of panels. You are probably wondering why Google removed the functionality.  One of Google's engineers gives the following explanation for the removal. Panels on non-chromeos were an experimental feature and only supported on Dev channel, or on other channels behind a flag. They are costly to maintain and we were never happy with their stability and functionality on Windows, Mac and Linux. As a result we've removed them. We understand this will be annoying for users of extensions that rely on them, but this is part of an alignment of Chrome as being fundamentally a web browser supporting web applications. The original developer of Panels for Chrome added the following statement. The time passes and things change, we all learn. In case of Panels, we "proved" by practice that it takes a team of a few engineers full time to be able to catch up with teams of OS developers in Windows, OSX, Linux and even our own ChromeOS. The window management and graphics/input subsystems are constantly evolving and it is more or less prohibitively expensive for a small team to try to build and keep a high quality but non-standard window management mode. OSes have too many mechanisms that are linked to a specific windows behaviors (focus, window switching, active windows treatment, titlebars, where input goes, shortcuts, animations, multiple desktops, other OS gadgets etc), and usually OSes do not provide 'hooks' or APIs to integrate with those, which makes it necessary to 'reverse-engineer' and hack around. While it can be done, it quickly leads to 'card house' design that falls down even easier with the next major OS update Basically, it is too expensive to maintain panels functionality, and stability and functionality never met Google's expectations either. Now You: Are you affected by the removal of Panels support in Google Chrome? Summary Article Name Google removes Panel support from Chrome Description Google has removed support for so-called panels in all versions of Google Chrome starting with version 54 on all platforms except on Chrome OS. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Google Chrome > Google removes Panel support from Chrome Ghacks Deals: Complete Java Programming Bootcamp (price drop) Disable Microsoft Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool Heartbeat Telemetry Responses to Google removes Panel support from Chrome pd October 20, 2016 at 4:55 pm # Countdown already started for Firefox to copy this move? Funnily enough, from a UX perspective, panels suck as much as they do for browser developer reasons. The worst example has been the only Firefox panel I've really ever *wanted* to use: the share or social API panel. That finally offered the potential for an improvement on the old File -> 'Email Link' or File -> 'Send page'. From a UX perspective, it matched the now-common equivalent on mobiles. But it never had a 'sticky' mode; lacked any UX for explaining why it wasn't ever snappy (why oh why didn't they cache the new mail gmail pages for these panels?!) and basically just sucked arse almost, but not quite, enough that it was nearly unusable despite buy-in from Gmail, Delicious and a few others. The scary part for end users is the comment that Chrome is being "aligned as fundamentally a web browser supporting web applications". Taken to a significant degree, that message says that addons are not a priority if they need UI components, or simply screen space, that doesn't conform to the limited web page experience. Chrome started this trend which Firefox copied in time-honored browser developer lemming style, to convert all internal pages to browser tabs instead of OS windows that keep a clear distinction between websites and operating system, for the user. I still find it astounding that this hasn't been better exploited by phishing. Maybe it has. Since the inception of addons, there's been a constant UX and UI arm wrestle for those addons that dared to provide something genuinely additional to the browser experience. Something that required more interface space than a toolbar icon or option in a right-click menu. Browser developers have **never** genuinely found a good solution for this problem. That solution would provide significant UI space and a clear UX feeling that said functionality operates between web content from a traditional third-party distant server, and the user's own desktop environment. Now we're in yet another phase of cut backs on the screen 'real estate' and functionality available to addon developers and therefore end users, ostensibly in the name of "WebExtensions". Isn't it bemusing that web devs have had to factor in cross-browser compatibillty for many years but it's taken this long for the browser dev heads to see the merits of cross-browser compatibility in the addon context? If such a move is genuinely more than an attempt for those browsers struggling for market share to maintain value-adding for users by helping addon developers target their browser too, it may finally provide the sort of critical thinking required to find a UI concept where addons can have access to significant screen space and functionality so they can actually provide meaningful UX through the addon concept that's always had great promise but never really been able to show that promise due to browser UI limits. Reply Hisham El Fangary October 26, 2016 at 8:49 am # This is incredibly annoying! I rely on panels everyday and this moved just screwed me! I will now have to find another browser, thanks alot. Reply John Lane October 26, 2016 at 1:28 pm # Yes, amazingly annoying. Main reason I used Chrome browser was because of Tab Hero plugin functionality which depends on panels. Reply John Lane October 26, 2016 at 1:47 pm # Now using vimium as workaround for tab navigation (slightly unsatisfactory for this purpose, as its raison d'etre is keyboard navigation and I miss ability to scroll through list of tabs with mouse). Reply Jeffrey Dill October 27, 2016 at 10:11 pm # This is a huge let down. Picture in Picture Viewer was one of my favorite Chrome extensions (one of the main reasons I even use Chrome). I used it on a daily basis. Reply fuck google October 30, 2016 at 8:56 pm # SERIOUSLY GOOGLE? I LIKE PICTURE IN PICTURE Reply Sigh October 31, 2016 at 4:28 pm # Picture in Picture was most of the reason I used chrome. Welp, one less. Reply sydgin November 1, 2016 at 7:06 pm # Always on Top extension should be renamed Always on Bottom now.. Anyone knows how to keep chrome always on top now ? Reply Narendra L November 3, 2016 at 4:37 am # Seriously !!! Makes me sick. Panels was one thing I really liked, from watching youtube to taking notes in Google keep. Always on top. It was productive to me. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Popular Microsoft removes policies from Windows 10 Pro July 28, 2016 Cumulative Windows 10 Update KB3194496 installation issues September 30, 2016 Disable the Windows 10 Lock Screen (Anniversary Update) August 5, 2016 The State of Mozilla Firefox September 4, 2016 You will use Cortana, Microsoft says July 26, 2016 Advertisement Random Software Review SBGuard Anti-Ransomware hardens Windows Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Advertisement Latest Firefox 51: blocks automatic audio playback in non-active tabs November 14, 2016 Dot11expert WLAN troubleshooting tool November 14, 2016 Double File Scanner: find duplicate files November 14, 2016 Kaspersky: Windows 10’s antivirus integration anti-competitive November 14, 2016 Diffinity diff and merging program for Windows November 13, 2016 Popular Deals Sticky Password Premium Lifetime 80% off PureVPN Lifetime 85% off Zoolz 1TB Storage Lifetime 98% off Microsoft MCSE Server Admin Certification Training 97% off About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2016 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Google’s Pixel perfect plan The new Google Pixel smartphone, shown with the company's Google Home smart speaker.  (Eric Risberg/The Associated Press)   By Raju MudharTech Reporter Wed., Oct. 19, 2016 Sometimes, if you want to beat someone at their own game, you have to play by their rules. That’s the take-away from Google’s recent spate of hardware products, easily seen with its new Pixel, available for sale on Thursday. It’s the first phone the company has designed from the ground up, and the search-engine giant has taken a page from Apple’s book. The Pixel is really good as an Android smartphone, and great as a showcase for Google’s software, and what can happen when the company tries to optimize both to work together. And along with other products the company announced a few weeks back, such as Google Home — a smart speaker that can answer queries and play music — and Google Wifi — a new modular router system — Google wants you to buy into its ecosystem, and stay for a while. Apple’s strategy has always been that walled garden, the closed-off operating system and series of products that work well together. Google, meanwhile, focused on software, and was the much more open competitor. That approach worked well for the company; Android is the most popular mobile operating system in the world, and Google works with many partners, offering a huge variety of products. Article Continued Below The problem is that the open approach has led to fragmentation. While the latest versions of Android are slick operating systems, how the software upgrades depends on your device, and is often left up to the carriers. With the Pixel — similar to Google’s Nexus line — users are promised that they will get software upgrades when Google provides them. The phone itself is a showcase device designed to take on the premium players out there, the iPhone in particular. A perfect example of that approach is an included adapter that makes it quick and easy to switch over from an iPhone; that works well, but the fact that the adaptor is included in every box shows that Google truly hopes people will make the move. The Pixel is also in the same price range as the iPhone, with the 32GB version starting at $899 and the XL 32GB starting at $1,049. (In Canada, Apple’s 32 GB iPhone 7 starts at $899, while the iPhone 7 Plus 32GB is $1,049. At this point, though, most people have made their decisions between Apple and Android, and their preference is likely about more than just the phone. It’s about the other stuff they bought to work nicely with that phone. It’s the ecosystem. If you care about apps, Apple still wins, while Google hopes that its artificial intelligence expertise — and using the all the data it has gathered about you to help its personal Assistant — will be the differentiator that keeps you there. Google CEO Sundar Pichai pitched this concept as the beginning of creating a “personal Google” for each person. At this point, Assistant feels slightly smarter than Apple’s Siri, and there were a couple of cool moments with Google’s helper: it can quickly answer queries from the web, recognize and offer to automatically schedule events, and give a handy daily briefing. Some services like OpenTable work with Assistant, but others like Uber don’t yet. There are times when it can get frustrating, but it’s still early days. Google’s plan has been about using what it learns about you, and acting on it. That used to mean serving up ads based on your search queries. Now, by getting serious about hardware, including the new devices like the smart speaker, they can be everywhere that you are. It’s a step toward the idea of pervasive computing, where no matter the device, the benefits of technology are available all around us. For Google, that’s a plan that starts with the Pixel. Pixel XL Review Design decisions: It looks a bit like an iPhone, although it has straight edges on the side, making it easier to grip than Apple’s curved design. There are no buttons on the front, and there’s a fingerprint scanner on the back, copying something that LG phones have been had. It feels like a premium phone but, other than a back panel, nothing stands out. Samsung still wins on design. The basics: The three most important things in a phone are the screen, the camera and the battery. All three are very good here. The long-lasting battery got me through two business days, and the quick-charging works very well. It has a gorgeous 5.5-inch screen. The camera is very good, with great video stabilization, although to me the iPhone 7 Plus is slightly better. Google’s services: I like Google Assistant and am still testing its capabilities. There are great automated moments, and it is very good at search and web queries. I also like Google’s Duo, the FaceTime competitor that also works across Android and iOS. And if you use Google Photos, the cloud-based service backs up your pictures, you can think about getting the smaller 32 GB version. The switch-over: iPhone users can quickly switch over email accounts, text message and photos simply by plugging in an adapter to the Pixel. It was surprised at how well it worked. Now if there was a way for the apps you bought on one platform to cross the divide. A few knocks: There are really only two issues with this phone. First, it is lacking in water resistance, which has become fairly standard on premium devices. And it is expensive. But it is still an excellent phone that deserves a spot at the table near its premium phones competitors. Read more about: Google The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 11°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Michael Moore relishes gadfly role as Trump era looms It took the ascendance of one consummate showman, Donald Trump, to bring out another, Michael Moore. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple detox: How to switch from iOS to Android without missing a beat Simon Hill Digital TrendsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share So you’ve decided that maybe the grass is greener on the other side, and you’re all set to make the trip across the Android bridge. In this guide, we’re going to help you get past any trolls you might encounter, unscathed. Making the switch from iOS to Android presents a few obstacles, especially if you’re heavily invested in Apple’s ecosystem, but they’re far from insurmountable. Related: 100 awesome Android apps that will turn your phone into a jack of all trades We’re going to take a look at how to transfer contacts and other data, switch to Google services, and deal with your music, photos, and videos. To round things off, we’ll provide a few additional tips to help you get used to Android, quell some common fears, and point out how best to take advantage of your new platform’s highlights. Making the transition Before you embark on this journey to the promised land of Android, take one last look around you. There are a few things you’ll have to leave behind. Many of the cases, docks, and other accessories you bought for your iPhone are not going to be compatible with Android smartphones (it’s worth checking, though, because many are). Your iOS apps cannot go with you, but you’ll find most of them have Android counterparts awaiting your arrival. Any DRM protected content you bought in iTunes is stuck there (you can easily and legally remove the restrictions from music, but not from TV shows and movies). Last, but not least, there’s your iPhone itself. If you’re not gifting it to someone then you might want to peruse our guide on how to sell an iPhone without getting ripped off. Transferring contacts You’ll want to transfer your contacts before you sell your old device. Check out our guide on how to transfer your contacts between iPhone and Android for a simple method that employs iTunes and Gmail. You could also use iCloud. Turn on Contacts in Settings > iCloud on your iPhone. Log into the iCloud website on your computer. Tap the gear icon at the bottom left and choose Select All > Export vCard. Now log into Gmail, tap the red Gmail in the top left, then Contacts, or head to Google Contacts in your browser, and tap Import. Please enable Javascript to watch this video It’s also possible to do this with the free My Contacts Backup app. Install it on your iPhone, launch it, tap backup, and then email the backup file to an email account on your Android phone. You’ll get a VCF file which you can import into your Android contacts app. If you want to use the process as an excuse to thin the herd and edit your contacts, then you might consider doing it one by one. In that case, just open the contact you want to transfer on your iPhone, and select Share Contact to send it as a text message or by email. Syncing your calendar This is easy if you’ve already set up your Google account and Gmail (which you’ll need for your Android phone anyway). Go to Settings > Mail, Contacts, Calendars on your iPhone and add your Gmail account or select it, then turn on syncing for Calendars. If you want to ditch your iPhone for an Android device, but keep your iPad, the Gmail app is a good way to keep your calendar and contacts synced. You can even sync multiple Google calendars to your iPad if you need to do so. You can also buy an app to sync your calendar from iCloud, assuming you have Calendar switched on in Settings > iCloud. SmoothSync for Cloud Calendar is under $3, and it enables you to log into your Apple account and sync the calendar directly onto your Android phone. Switching from Apple to Google services Apple is renowned for that tightly integrated ecosystem, but if you’re switching to Android you’ll want to start using more Google services. Your Google account has gradually come to serve as a passport for a wide range of services, and cross platform synchronization has improved drastically over the last couple of years. Forget about iCloud and Safari, you can find all the same functionality, and more, via Google. As long as you are signed into your Google account, you can access all your contacts, bookmarks, appointments, and files on any device. Google Pixel XLMore Read More Google Contacts for backing up and sharing contacts Google Calendar for keeping on top of your schedule Chrome browser can sync bookmarks and open tabs between computer and Android phone Google Drive for backing up your files Google Docs for editing and sharing documents Google Play Music for storing and streaming your music from the cloud Google Photos for backing up and sharing photos and videos Hangouts for chatting and sharing files Google Keep for notes and lists On top of all that, you’ve got YouTube for watching and sharing video, Google Maps for easy navigation, and Google Wallet or Android Pay for wireless NFC payments. Then there’s Google Now, or “OK, Google,” as your personal voice-activated assistant (similar to Siri), not to mention a host of excellent Google apps from Sky Map to Google Translate to Google Trips. Related: How to use Google Now Many of these things are actually available on iPhone as well, but the experience is optimized for Android. The fact that you can have all of this under one Google account, makes it easy and accessible, and you’ll be tempted to use more and more Google services. There are also loads of great alternatives that you can use instead of–or as well as–the Google offerings like Dropbox, DoubleTwist, and Dolphin Browser. Moving photos and videos There are various ways of getting your precious files from your iPhone onto your Android, but we’ll start with the most obvious and basic. You can plug your iPhone into your Windows PC via USB and then choose Import pictures and videos for an automatic transfer, or Open device to view files (your photos and videos will be in the Internal Storage/DCIM folder) if you want to select individually. If you have a Mac, the import window should pop up when you plug your iPhone in and you can select files from there. Once the files are on your Windows computer, plug your Android smartphone in via USB, and you should get a pop up window where you can select Open device to view files. You can drag and drop files from your computer onto your Android. To do the same on a Mac, check out our how to transfer files from an Android to a Mac guide. It may prove easier to transfer those photos and videos wirelessly, though it will take longer. You can do this using any cloud service. There are many options that are available on Android and iOS. Simply install something like Google Photos, Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, or DropBox on your iPhone, upload the files, and then install the same app on your Android, and download them. For more details on using apps to back up and share your photos, check out our how to share photos on Android guide. You could actually use a number of the apps and services discussed there to transfer your photos and videos from iPhone. Moving your music If you want to get your music from your iTunes account onto Android, there are a few potential ways to go. The easiest is probably to sign in to Google Play Music on the same computer where your iTunes is installed. Now download the Music Manager, install it, and choose the iTunes option when it asks where you store your music. You’ll then be able to select Upload all songs and playlists. You can also select individual playlists and podcasts. Perhaps best of all, you can continue to use iTunes and automatically sync any new purchases to your Google Music account. You can’t legally copy movies or TV shows from your iTunes to your Android smartphone because you would have to remove the DRM protection first. Unfortunately, that applies to ebooks purchased through iTunes as well. Moving your text messages This is a lot trickier than anything we’ve discussed so far, but some people will want to keep those precious text conversations and transfer them to their new Android smartphones. Thankfully, it is possible. The most obvious method is to use the free iSMS2droid app, but it may not work for everyone. It also requires you to back up your SMS to iTunes and then go digging around to find the right file to convert. You can also use Samsung Kies software to restore an iPhone backup (including text messages) to a Samsung Android smartphone. You’ll also find quite a few premium software options online that purport to allow you to copy text messages, contacts, photos, and even call logs, but we can’t vouch for their effectiveness. Regardless of what method you use, don’t forget to turn iMessage off before making the switch. Leaving it on could result in SMS and MMS messages still going to your old iPhone. If you no longer have the phone, you can request Apple to deregister your iPhone with iMessage here. Making yourself at home on Android Welcome to Android. At first it may seem strange and unnerving, but you’ll soon get used to it. Here are some tips and suggestions to help you get your feet under the table and start to feel at home. Android Lollipop at Google HQMore Finding your way Navigation is a little different on Android. You’ll be used to the almighty Home button on iPhone. Generally, you’ll find three buttons beneath the screen on Android (or onscreen). They are: Home: This will always take you to the Home screen. If you want to get back to the Home screen in a hurry then press Home. Hold down Home and swipe up to launch Google Now. It’s always in the middle. Back: The Back button is exactly as it sounds. If you want to go back one page, one level, or one screen, to what you were just looking at, then tap the Back button. You can also use it to back out of apps. It’s usually on the left. Recent Apps or Multitasking: The recent apps menu shows recent apps, predictably enough. If you want to jump back into an app you were just using, this is how you do it. You can also shut down apps from this menu by swiping them away. In Android 5.0 Lollipop and above, you’ll also find Chrome tabs in here, and some apps can have multiple cards. It’s usually on the right. On some Android devices, particularly older devices, you may also find: Samsung Galaxy S7 EdgeMore Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Andy Boxall/Digital Trends Menu: Though it’s an old option, some manufacturers, like Samsung, retained the menu button after Google dropped it. This button will bring up a menu of options for the screen that you are on, or the app that you are in. Whenever you feel lost and you’re not sure how to get the option you want, there’s a good chance you’ll find it here. Search: You’ll find this on older Android phones and it simply allows you to search for whatever you want via Google. You can also hold it down to launch Voice search. Instead of defaulting to the home screen, like an iPhone, your apps on Android will be tucked away in the app drawer. You can have multiple home screens in Android, and you simply swipe left and right to cycle through them. There will be an icon labeled Apps on the bottom row of all of your home screens, contained in an ever-present dock with the other usual suspects like Phone, Contacts, Messaging, and Internet. If you want to add an app shortcut directly to your home screen, just find it in the app drawer, then tap and hold on the icon until it comes loose and your home screen pops up underneath, and then drop it where you want it. Everything important that happens on your phone will spark a notification (and they work a lot better than iPhone). Simply drag down the notification bar from the top of the screen to check up on your latest notifications. You can click on them for more detail, or to take action. You can dismiss them by swiping them away, or tap the clear icon to get rid of everything at once. Customization and widgets One of the big attractions of Android is the ability to customize your smartphone and use widgets. To customize the look of your phone, you can just tap and hold on an empty section of home screen to get a pop up menu allowing you to set the wallpaper (including animated “live” wallpaper if you like). On a lot of Android devices, you’ll also see the option to add widgets, apps, and folders. On stock Android, you’ll find the widgets in a separate tab in the Apps drawer. You can drop one app icon on top of another to create a folder. You can also change the wallpaper for your Lock screen or Home screen via Settings > Display > Wallpaper. LG G Flex2 widgetsMore Widgets are small windows into individual apps that can update automatically to bring you new information. This means you can see the latest weather, sports scores, or tweets, without having to enter the actual app. Not every app has a widget, just tap and hold on an empty portion of the home screen and select widgets to review your options, or go into the apps drawer and scroll over on most newer phones. If you’re really keen on personalizing the aesthetic of your smartphone, then you should explore the world of launchers. There are all kinds of different looks and styles available, often completely free. A couple of popular launchers to get you started are Nova Launcher and GO Launcher EX. Apps Even though the Play Store has overtaken Apple’s App Store when it comes to sheer numbers, there’s no denying that there are more high quality, polished apps and games on iOS. Due to the potential profit margin for developers (which, on average, remains higher on iOS because people spend more money on apps) most new apps and games will launch on iPhone first. The good news is that the gap is closing, and the vast majority of the big apps and games that you knew and loved on your iPhone will be available for Android. You’ll also find that apps and games are generally cheaper, and a higher proportion of them are free, on the Android platform. Android M Hands OnMore To get you started, why not check out our best Android apps and best Android games roundups? With Android you’re not forced to use a set of default apps. In fact, you’ll typically find duplicated functionality in pre-installed Google apps, and manufacturer or carrier apps. You can simply select the one you like best, or install another third-party option to do the job. When you have more than one app capable of performing a task, you’ll get a pop-up window asking you which one you’d like to use (you can tick Always to make it the default). When you want to check your complete app list, you can go to Settings > Apps. You can choose to uninstall apps, Clear cache or Clear data, and review the apps’ permissions on this screen (you can also disable bloatware that you don’t use). You’ll find app updates will appear in your Notifications bar from time to time, or you can enter Play Store, tap Menu and choose My apps to update everything at once. Alleviating your worries Android MalwareMore Every criticism of Android refers to the same potential problems. There are things that may make you reticent to leave Apple’s walled garden, but these issues are sometimes exaggerated. There are also ways to dispel those concerns. Fragmentation: A great deal is made of the fragmentation issue, but is unlikely to impact on your Android experience. There is a huge choice of Android devices running different versions of the platform, and the main issue comes into play with updates. Unlike Apple, Google can’t just push an update out for every Android device. The manufacturer and the carrier have a say, and sometimes they hold things up. There can also be issues with manufacturer UIs like Samsung’s TouchWiz and HTC’s Sense. In practice, the top phones get updates fairly quickly. If you want guaranteed fast updates then opt for a Google device, like the Nexus 6P or Pixel. In terms of apps, the Play Store doesn’t allow you to install incompatible apps. Malware: Every day there’s a new article raising the spectre of malware on Android. As the most popular mobile platform it is inevitable that Android will be targeted, but it is relatively easy to stay safe. Consider installing one of the top Android security apps, and you can forget about malware. Stability: Early Android versions were prone to crashing and lag. Couple that with the fact that you can buy Android smartphones with fairly low specs (for a fraction of the price of an iPhone), and you can see why there was some chatter about stability. You have to compare apples with apples, or in this case, a top of the range, comparably priced Android smartphone, with the iPhone. The latest versions of Android are fast and smooth, and the latest Android smartphones can match, or even occasionally best, the iPhone when it comes to performance. Google has also done a lot of work to improve stability and performance on lower end hardware. Extra options: Rooting and other tips With Android, you have the option of rooting, which basically gives you deeper access to your device. This enables you to tweak absolutely everything about your phone. We discuss the pros and cons, and how to do it, in our how to root your Android phone guide. We have a top ten apps for rooted Android phones roundup as well. If you buy one of the latest Android smartphones, then you’ll want to check out our tips for Android 7.0 Nougat and Android 6.0 Marshmallow to uncover some great features. We also have a wide range of other Android guides including everything from how to block calls on your Android phone to how to shut off Android notifications. You’ll also find a lot of tips and troubleshooting articles for popular Android devices, so take a look. Join the Apple club with our complete guide to switching from Android to iOS How to transfer your contacts between iPhone and Android 10 calendar apps for Android and iOS that will help you organize a chaotic day Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Tonight’s supermoon will be the most spectacular so far BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Zach Epstein BGR NewsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share We've got a great batch of paid iPhone and iPad apps on sale for free for you today, and you'll want to hurry and check them out before these sales end. There are also still a few freebies in yesterday's post as well, so be sure to go back and check those out. MUST SEE: These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Point pointMore Normally $0.99. A simple and easy-to-use app. - Create a list or edit list. - Easy to change the priority of the task, and mask to completed, and delete the task. - There are simple edit mode and detail edit mode with the task. - Export PDF file and share it. - Support to lock with Touch ID. - In the detail edit mode, pull down to use a simpler timer. Download Point Feelca Daylight feelca-daylightMore Normally $0.99. Feelca Daylight adds a little warmth to your life. Select between a 24 or 36 exposure film and then take a picture to gain the photo qualities of a film camera. The app also delivers the full experience of using a film camera from shooting pictures to printing photos. Also, feelca adds more sense of the depths to your photos. Your films are organized and you can add short titles or captions to your polaroid-like photos for easy sharing with your friends. 'Feelca D' does not include complicated operations such as editing and post-correction. By tilting the Manual Focus Dial, capture the subject and space which differs according to light. You might lose focus or the photo might shake, but there is a beauty in themselves. Like the past film cameras, taking careful look at the surroundings and taking each shots carefully would bring you the special experiences and sensational outcomes. Its own DAYLIGHT film shows its great performance at the place outdoors or where light shines. Take a shot with the depth-bringing DAYLIGHT film and share it with simple memo. Lastly, the film administrating mode of Feelca helps you store the precious pictures. • Tap the Shutter button to take a photo ( Long press for timer ) • Give the photo a title or leave a short comment • Share your memorable photos with a short message • Obtain superb results for outdoors or places where sunlight is available Download Feelca Daylight Faux Browser Faux BrowserMore Read More Normally $6.99. Let’s say you are browsing some adult web site. Your girlfriend, spouse, coworker, roommate or your mom walks into your room. Don’t panic. Just press Home button. Pressing Home button wipes the page clean. Even the multi-tasking screen is cleaned out. Firefox browsing mode --------------------------- Faux Browser does Desktop browsing mode. Find the Desktop browsing mode setting at. 1) Open Settings -> Faux Browser -> Firefox Desktop browsing 2) Tap it to turn it on. Use it to browse the Firefox only websites. Privacy Browsing --------------------------- Faux Browser does not use Google, who records your searching keywords and sell them to unknown third parties. We use DuckDuckGo, a private search engine which does not record anything about you. Moreover. all online tracking cookies are removed when you are done. Traces of all sites you visited are wiped clean. Analytics Opt-Out --------------------------- We respect our users privacy, and we understand that it is an individual choice. With Faux Browser, you can now Opt-Out from Analytics. To do so. 1) Open Settings -> Faux Browser -> Allow Google Analytics 2) Tap it to turn it off. Download Faux Browser Live 2 Photos for iMessage live-2-photos-for-imessageMore Normally $1.99. [Live 2 Photos for iMessage] is the World's first tool which enables you to extract and send multiple still photos from Live Photos and Videos inside iMessage app. * Extract and send multiple still images from Live Photos inside iMessage app * Extract and send multiple still images from Videos inside iMessage app * Easily get the exact moments * Extract unlimted number of photos * Send as photo or save to Camera Roll inside iMessage app If you're Live Photo fan, you'll love this app! Download Live 2 Photos for iMessage Cops N Robbers cops-n-robbersMore Normally $0.99. ***Pirate Ship*** The new prison with pirate ship is coming now!!! Join us with all the worldwide players online. New features: TNT setting, Cop's Command Room.More new rules for new map. ***Cops N Robbers (Jail Break Mode) 1st Release*** As every players expected，the "COPS N ROBBERS (JAIL BREAK MODE)" mod is release now! # We bring you the most addictive gameplay & comfortable control & Complete game features… # Most importantly, we provide a stable server & Optimized @Worldwide Multiplayer Mode@!!! ***Features*** # Huge map - "West Prison", "Pirate Ship": Cell, Showers, Mess Hall, Escape Maze, Library, Secret Passage, Roof. # High quality graphics: Light setting in scene & Pixel scene modeling & Character modeling… # Sound effect: different place with different sound effect. # UI Setting: comfortable control & comfortable visual effects. # Multiplayer: Worldwide Multiplayer support & Local Multiplayer support . # Props: Labber, Valve, Sword, Bow, Sticks... # Control buttons: joystick(move), Attack button (attack), Install&Throw button(throw prop&install ladder/valve) # Rich&Funny Character animations. # "Honor Rules": cheat & cheated! ***Worldwide Multiplayer*** # 5 server regions setting: GLOBAL/EU/US/JP/ASIA, choose the nearby&best region to start game. # Room create: set room name & nick name & round time & max players, then create your room! # Max players support: 8 players.(1 cop & other all robbers) # Round time setting: 15-60 minutes. # Chat system: chat with other players(you can choose close or open chat panel) ***Local Multiplayer*** # Start your local multiplayer game with your friends (In the same lan wifi) # Max players support: 16 players.(1 cop & other all robbers) # Round time setting: 15 minutes per round. # Chat system: chat with other players(you can choose close or open chat panel) ***How to play: rules*** # There's a cop & other all robbers. # Cop tell robbers what he should do: go to the mess hall to eat & go to the showers & go to the library... # Robbers must obey and do what the cop says, or be punished! # Robber's mission: Compliance & Betrayal(find the way to escape & win for every robber) # Cops's mission: Wait for the limited time pass, then cop is the winner! Download Cops N Robbers Real Crazy Hoverboard real-crazy-hoverboardMore Normally $2.99. Stickman it back from the future and just hit the highway with a brand new HOVERBOARD! - Multiplayer! - Fun endless gameplay - Game Center - challenge your friends high scores! - Awesome soundtrack - Beautiful stickman style graphics - Simple tap / tilt controls - AD FREE PRO VERSION & Discounted IAPs Put in your headphones and just kick back for some challenging hoverboard racing fun. Connect with your friends on Game Center for high scores - see how far you can get on these crazy highways in space. Thanks for playing! Download Real Crazy Hoverboard 30 Minutes 30-minutesMore Normally $0.99. 30 Minutes App is based on the idea that your dream will come true very soon if you spend at least 30 minutes a day on it. Goals achievement turns into an exciting game where you choose your prizes yourself. 30 Minutes App is set so that only one goal can be active in one period of time. This peculiarity will help you to set priorities and define what is the most important for you in the present stage of your life. OPPORTUNITIES: - You can set amount of days for each goal and decide how much time - during a day you can spend on it. - User-friendly timer showing how much time you have spent on your goal today. - Detailed statistics of each goal. - Synchronization with iCloud. - Flexible setup of reminders and notifications. We plan to add lots of many other improvements and cool opportunities to the app. Watch for updates! Download 30 Minutes Moment Camera moment-cameraMore Normally $0.99. Moment Camera — Timer/Sequential Shooting Just a Simple Photo Shooter The precious Moment of you and me. Using self-timer and sequential shooting function, never lose the moment you want to remember. "Moment Camera: A Better iOS Camera App Without the Crap" — GIZMODO: App of the day & iPhone apps of the week "Moment Camera — The Simpler Camera App Alternative" — Beautiful Pixels "Moment Camera For iPhone Is A Charming Alternative Snapper With A Beautiful And Clean User Interface" — Redmond Pie "The iPhoneographer’s toolkit: 9 essential iOS apps for shooting, editing and sharing" — The Next Web "セルフタイマーと連写が魅力のシンプルアプリ『モーメントカメラ』" — Lifehacker Functions ____________________________________________ ∙ Flash ( Off, On, Auto, Flashlight ) ∙ Sequential Shots ( 1, 3, 4, 5, 8, 10 ) ∙ Self-Timer ( 0, 3, 5, 10, 30, 60s ) ∙ Grid ( None, 3×3, 2×2, Square, Circular ) Self-Timer & Sequential Shooting ∙ Self-Timer: 3, 5, 10, 30, 60 seconds ∙ Timer Sound Effect and Flash Blinking Sign (switch in options, default OFF) ∙ Sequential Shooting: 3, 4, 5, 8, 10 times ∙ Sequential Shooting Intervals: 0, 0.5, 1 seconds (switch in options, Default 0.5) ∙ Sequential Shooting with Self-Timer Function Concise interface & Convenient functions ∙ Clean and Modern White UI Design ∙ Various Grids: 3×3, 2×2, square, circle ∙ Flashlight Mode Function (Night shooting) ∙ Can Replay(preview) the photos just took (delete in options) ∙ Automatically Saving to Camera Rolls ∙ Touch-focus and Auto-focus ∙ Auto Hide button Function (switch in options, default OFF): When immersed in taking picture, top buttons are hidden automatically. Touch the top or manual focus, the button appears again. Notification ____________________________________________ Please allow Camera Roll Access 1. Open Settings 2. Tab Privacy 3. Tap Photos 4. Set “Moment” to On Download Moment Camera iMusic Free imusic-freeMore Normally $1.99. 100% Millions of Free Music! No limits! No subscription! Download and experience it now! Browse, search and listen unlimited free music from SoundCloud®. Millions of free songs, DJ sets, remixes and live concerts. Features: √ Single tap music streaming √ Listen songs before adding √ Search for artist, DJ, song, remix or cover √ Playlists manager √ Full featured media player √ Album covers √ Lock screen playback controls √ Background music playback √ Play entire Top-Charts songs continuously & automatically √ Full iPhone 6 and 6 Plus Support! Download iMusic Free Trending right now: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 Samsung accused of not wanting to pay after exploding Note 7s caused serious damage These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Tonight’s supermoon will be the most spectacular so far BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 64° Share Men were seen and heard twice as much as women in 2015’s top films By Ana Swanson / The Washington Post Published: Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 at 11:37am Updated: Wednesday, October 19th, 2016 at 11:37am screentime_a78273ce-961f-11e6-bb29-bf2701dbe0a3.jpg .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Female actors had a big year in Hollywood’s top films in 2015. Daisy Ridley, Jennifer Lawrence and Shailene Woodley jumped, tumbled and fired off arrows as main characters in action franchises. In comedy, Amy Schumer, Melissa McCarthy, Tina Fey, Amy Poehler and Anna Kendrick headlined films. Yet, overall, men were still seen and heard about twice as much as women in the 200 highest-grossing films of 2015. The figures come from a new machine-learning technology developed by researchers at Google and the University of Southern California to analyze the role of women in film. The software, created with backing from the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media and Google’s philanthropic division, is the first to automatically measure how screen and speaking time in film and TV break down by gender. In the past, researchers fulfilled this task with time-intensive, manual hand-coding. The data shows that, when the film had a male lead, male characters appeared on screen and spoke about three times more often than female characters in 2015. In films with both male and female co-leads, men still had far more speaking and screen time. And even in films with female leads – about 17 percent of the top-grossing films in 2015 – men had a roughly equal amount of screen and speaking time as women. That data is shown in graphs produced by the institute, in which each of the bars represents one of 2015’s top-grossing films. The amount of screen time and speaking time for women is shown on the left and for men on the right. The vertical line shows the average for all films in that year. The researchers also analyze the results by box office revenue. On average, films with female leads took in $89.9 million each at the box office, 15.8 percent more than the average take of films with male leads – a finding that the Geena Davis Institute says debunks “the idea female leads are not bankable.” Advertisement Continue reading Past studies have shown that women are vastly underrepresented in film and that this trend hasn’t changed much over the decades. But just adding more female characters isn’t enough, advocates say – female characters need to be given speaking parts and agency in film, not just appear as decoration. The Geena Davis Institute argues that film representations matter for what women accomplish in the real world. For example, the group notes that the participation of girls in national archery competitions doubled in 2012. It speculates that this was a direct result of media representations of female archers, including in “The Hunger Games” franchise and Disney’s animated movie “Brave.” There are more meaningful consequences outside of archery. Women in film and TV are less likely to be shown in certain careers, including as company executives, scientists, politicians or legal and financial professionals – and that lack of role models could affect girls’ career choices, the group says. The tool is likely to be used to look at other areas of unconscious bias and stereotypes in the media. Backers at Google have said they hope to use the new software to look at the diversity of media portrayals of scientists and engineers, with the hope of discovering how that might shape the career aspirations of young viewers. screentime Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us How to set up Google Assistant and become best friends [VIDEO] +7,967 Joe Fedewa Oct 19th, 2016 Google Assistant is one of the biggest selling points for the new Pixel and Pixel XL. It’s basically a leveled-up version of Google Now, which is available on most Android devices already. The main difference with Assistant is how it displays information. The interface looks like a standard messaging app, but instead of talking to your friends you’re talking to the all-knowing Google. Google has gone to great lengths to make Assistant feel natural. It can answer follow-up questions without needing details repeated. You can have it scan your screen and show information based on what you’re looking at. It can even tell jokes, recite poems, and play games. So how do you set up and use this awesome new feature? Follow along and you’ll become best buds with Google Assistant. Note: To use Google Assistant, you’ll need a Pixel phone or a rooted Nougat phone (more info here). You will also need version 6.5.35.21 or newer of the Google app. How to set up Google Assistant Before you get friendly with Google Assistant, you have to set it up for the first time. The process takes less than one minute. Long-press on the home button You will see a page that reads “Meet your personal Google Assistant.” After loading, a new page will read “Teach the Assistant to recognize your voice.” Tap GET STARTED or Do it later (we will do it now) Say “OK Google” three times Next, you can “Turn on Trusted Voice” to launch Assistant when the screen is off Tap DONE Immediately after the set-up process, Assistant will start speaking. It will introduce itself and give a short description of what it can do. Once finished, Assistant will ask “So, how can I help?” Tap the microphone and say “What can you do?” A list of categories will appear. Scroll left-to-right and tap one Assistant will recite examples of commands for that category Scroll back up in the conversation to hear examples from a different category The set-up process is now complete. How to use Google Assistant Google Assistant has two main functions: responding to your inquiries and doing “screen searches.” The set-up process goes over the first function, but screen searches are never really explained. First, let’s start with launching Assistant. There are two ways to do it: Say “OK Google” from anywhere. Long-press the home button. Assistant will immediately start listening for a command. Performing a screen search is not as straight forward. If you’re unfamiliar with screen search, it was formerly known as Google Now on Tap. It allows Google to scan whatever is on your screen for pertinent details and deliver the information you might need. For example, if your friend mentions a movie in a chat you can do a screen search and Assistant will show you information about it. Here’s how: Long-press the home button Instead of speaking a command, scroll up (you should see a card peeking out from the bottom) Assistant will scan the page and display related information in a scrollable list Try these Assistant commands in Allo right now If you don’t have a Pixel or a Nougat device, there is still a way to use Google Assistant. The Allo messaging app has Assistant built-in. You can have conversations with Assistant just like you would with a real person. Download Allo, sign in with your phone number, and tap on the Assistant conversation. You can speak or type commands. How old is… How far is it to… Play music Ask for a recipe Show me news about… Set a reminder Show me nearby… Show me photos of… Sports scores etc 30+ Awesome Assistant Easter eggs Google Assistant tries very hard to seem more human than machine. One of the ways it does this is with jokes and Easter eggs. It’s kind of ridiculous how many Easter eggs are hidden in Assistant. We compiled over 30 in the video above, but there are plenty more than that. Many of the Easter eggs also have multiple responses. It’s a lot of fun. What is love? What is the first rule of Fight Club? Why is 6 afraid of 7? Hodor Do you Yahoo? Do you like the iPhone? Use the force May the force be with you What goes up but never comes down? Do you know the muffin man? etc Do you like Google Assistant? Is this something you plan on using a lot when you get the Pixel? Are you anxious for it to come to more Nougat devices? Let us know below! local_offer    Google   Google Assistant   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (4) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close WWD logo Fashion Sleepy Jones Introduces Men’s and Women’s Underwear Genny to Launch Capsule Collection With Bergdorf Goodman, Plans U.S. Expansion Denim North America Creates New Product Presentation Package Burberry, Anya Hindmarch Win Walpole Luxury Awards Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Liz Rodbell to Keynote LIM Commencement Sears' Cash Burn Rate Estimated for 2016 Mark Zuckerberg: Facebook Is Not a Media Company Activist Investor Pushes Kate Spade to Sell Company Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Barefoot Blonde Hair Delivers Pinterest-Worthy Extensions The Seaweed Bath Co. Heads to Target Stores Meet the New Jane Cosmetics: Elevated, Easy and Altruistic Estee Lauder to Acquire Too Faced Beauty Brand for $1.4B Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Rhone to Open Pop-up, Dress Trainers at Chelsea Piers Savile Row Tailors Welcome New Planning Restrictions Gant Relocates Regent Street Space, Launches New Store Concept Ciro Paone to Be Honored at Pitti Uomo Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Ann Taylor Spring 2017 Elie Saab Bridal Fall 2017 ATM Anthony Thomas Melillo Pre-Fall 2017 Paco Rabanne Resort 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Australian Accessories Label Mon Purse Launches at Selfridges Black Accessory Designer Alliance Hosts Panel Discussion 'A Party for Your Foot': Sarah Jessica Parker Launches Festive Collection With Net-a-porter Luxottica Becomes Private Ordinary Founder of La Scala Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Chatsworth Sets Major Fashion Exhibition for 2017 'Self-Styled' by Anthony Lycett Explores 'Socially Acceptable' Dressing Kids Rock the Runway at Brooklyn's City Point Official Trailer Released for Natalie Portman's Jackie Kennedy Portrayal in Biopic 'Jackie' Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Salvatore Ferragamo Profits Up 0.2% in Nine Months; CEO Maps Out Plans Eraldo Poletto said Fulvio Rigoni, who showed his first collection in September, is the new women's ready-to-wear designer. clock 4h • Luisa Zargani Business Neiman's CFO Donald Grimes in Sudden Departure The luxury retailer faces many challenges in a tough retail climate. clock 5h • David Moin Business American Apparel Turnaround Dubbed Failure, Bondholders to Lose Out American Apparel’s second bankruptcy, less than a year after emerging from the first, reveals a number of misfires in the strategy. clock 8h • Kari Hamanaka Google Parties in SoHo to Unveil Pop-up Space Martha Hunt, Taylor Hill, Victor Cruz and more turned out to test out Google's latest products. By Kristi Garced on October 19, 2016 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk View Slideshow   View Gallery — 8   Photos MADE BY GOOGLE: Pixel, Google’s first smartphone launching at retail Thursday, might have been met with mixed reviews in the marketplace, but on Tuesday night, guests at the company’s first pop-up space in Manhattan’s SoHo seemed pretty excited to test it out. In addition to Pixel, partygoers at the Google-hosted event — which included Martha Hunt, Dustin Yellin, Chelsea Leyland and the New York Giants’ Victor Cruz — also experimented with Daydream View, a virtual-reality headset, and Google Home, a voice-activated speaker. Victoria’s Secret Angel Taylor Hill said she’d dabbled with virtual reality once before, calling it a “pretty weird” experience. As far as her day job, “It was hard, long, fun and crazy,” Hill said of walking 29 fashion shows during the spring runway season, including those of Chanel, Marc Jacobs and Ralph Lauren. “A lot of sleep and water,” she said of what got her through it. “That’s about it.” While A-Trak manned the DJ booth downstairs, Este and Alana Haim worked the decks on the store’s ground level. “Anything that makes you shake your ass,” said Este of her preferred party soundtrack. “I think we do a healthy mix of Nineties R&B and we like to stick to female artists. A lot of Spice Girls, Destiny’s Child, Sisters With Voices…As a female, it’s a lot of fun playing other female artists. And we like playing songs that have dance moves to them.” The sisters will be hitting the road soon to promote their next Haim record, which they’re still putting the finishing touches on. “It’s so weird to me when people don’t like touring,” Este said. “For us, it was like, our evil plan: Let’s see the world and do it together.” The Made by Google pop-up shop at 96 Spring Street opens to the public Oct. 20. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. Victor Cruz Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Neiman Marcus Group’s CFO in Sudden Departure clock 5h • David Moin Latest Galleries Emma Stone, Kate Beckinsale Attend Miss Golden Globe 2017 Party Hosted by HFPA, InStyle Stella’s Fellas: McCartney Shows First Men’s Collection They Are Wearing: Tbilisi Fashion Week FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd "It's not the technique that makes the difference in fashion, but the care and passion. Talent is conceptual, but if there is no passion or sharing a project, you lose the poetry." - @maisonvalentino's creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli (📷: Simone Lezzi) @wwd Exclusive behind-the-scenes look at @victoriassecret Angel @josephineskriver's fitting for the VS Fashion Show. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd ICYMI: From @dior opening its first makeup boutique in NYC to @lordandtaylor unveiling its holiday windows, here are all the major highlights from this week. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd See all the hottest sneaker trends from Sneaker Con NYC. 👟 (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd The Life Aquatic: Designers showered their spring collections with all manner of maritime references, making for a refreshing season. (📷: @eds1ngleton) @wwd Here we are!! @stellamccartney #menswear #abbeyroadstudios 📷 @maryamccartney 👍🏽 #stellaxabveyrd @wwd #beastieboys 👌🏽 #stellaxabbeyrd @stellamccartney 📷 @marymccartney #nenswear #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @wwd @sharleenspiteri 🎉 #WWD #stellaxabbeyrd 📷@maryamccartney @wwd #bethditto 👌🏽#stellaxabbeyrd #wwd @stellamccartney 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd Feels like home #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @stellamccartney #london 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd @stellamccartney is unveiling her first ever men's collection today. For an exclusive insider look, follow along on our Instagram Stories as Stella's sister @maryamccartney takes you behind the scenes. Tune in at 2 p.m. EST. #StellaXAbbeyRd @wwd We're talking spring trends with @netaporter's Vice President of Global Buying @sarahrutson at 12 p.m. EST on Facebook Live. Click link in bio to tune in. @wwd What does fashion have to do with politics? A lot - and WWD has the 100-plus years of history to prove it. From John F. Kennedy to Donald J. Trump, go to WWD.com to take a look back at some of our front page stories on presidential elections. @wwd The fashion industry weighs in on the new President's top priority: "We need to focus on bringing the country back together. There's simply too much at stake. The fashion industry is one of the largest polluters in the world. We know we need to collaborate." - @eileenfisherny. Click link in bio to see what more designers and executives said. (Illustration by Sara Singh) @wwd Lucky charm? @hillaryclinton sticks to iconic American Designer @ralphlauren for her #ElectionDay look. Click link bio to get the full scoop. (📷: Seth Wenig) @wwd They Are Wearing: Check out all the best street style looks from @mercedesbenz Fashion Week Tbilisi at WWD.com. (📷: @melodiejeng) @wwd Meet Claire Foy: the actress playing a young Elizabeth Windsor in @netflix's newest series "The Crown." Get the full scoop on Claire's role as the Queen of England at WWD.com. @wwd Pretty in Pink: Sapphires and diamonds never get old. (📷: @clairebenoist) @wwd Spotted: shoe style on the streets of NYC. (📷: Thomas Iannaccone) More From Our Brands Footwear News The Late Shoe Legend Vince Camuto Receives Posthumous Honor 4h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Beauty Forum 21h Ago BGR Apple believes a touchscreen iMac would make for a horrible user experience 5h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2016  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Why crawl budget and URL scheduling might impact rankings in website migrations You've done everything right from an SEO standpoint, but your website has still dropped in rankings following a site migration. What gives? Contributor Dawn Anderson breaks down how Google determines page importance and allots crawl budget. Dawn Anderson on October 19, 2016 at 12:00 pm More Earlier this year, Google’s Gary Illyes stated that 30x redirects (301, 302, etc.) do not result in a loss or dilution of PageRank. As you can imagine, many SEOs have greeted this claim with skepticism. In a recent Webmaster Central Office Hours Hangout, I asked Google’s John Mueller whether perhaps the skepticism was because when SEOs experience loss of visibility during migrations, they might not realize that all signals impacting rankings haven’t passed to the new pages yet, so they assume that PageRank was lost. Mueller’s reply: Yeah, I mean, any time you do a bigger change on your website — if you redirect a lot of URLs, if you go from one domain to another, if you change your site structure — then all of that does take time for things to settle down. So, we can follow that pretty quickly, we can definitely forward the signals there, but that doesn’t mean it will happen from one day to the next. During a migration, Googlebot needs to collect huge amounts of data for collation in logs, mapping and updated internally, and rankings can fluctuate throughout this process. But in addition to that, when Googlebot visits plays a fundamental part in rankings fluctuation during a migration, and that can relate to “URL scheduling,” a key component of crawl budget. Crawl budget = host load + URL scheduling combined URL scheduling is essentially “What does Googlebot want to visit (URLs), and how often?” Host load, on the other hand, is based around “What can Googlebot visit from an IP/host, based on capacity and server resources?” Together, these make up “crawl budget” for an IP or host. Both of these still matter in migrations. On a 10-page brochure site, you likely won’t see any loss of visibility during a site migration. But what if your site is, for example, an e-commerce or news site with tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or more URLs? Or what if you’re merging several sites into one on the same IP host? For everything to be fully passed, it all has to start as a bare minimum with at least a complete site crawl by Googlebot. It may even take a few complete site crawls, as Googlebot understands more about URLs — and how everything fits and links together internally in a site — with each subsequent visit to a newly migrated site. On larger sites, that may not happen as soon as you’d hoped. You’ve likely spidered your website with your favorite crawling tools prior to migration “go live,” and you’re confident that there are no issues. But then rankings and overall visibility drops. What could have gone wrong? Many things can go wrong with a migration, but consider this: maybe nothing has gone wrong. Maybe some of those signals that have not been passed are just “late and very late signals in transit,” rather than “lost signals.” Some signals could even take months to pass. Why? Because Googlebot does not crawl large websites like crawling tools do, and it’s well nigh impossible for tools to emulate. Your migration schedule is not Googlebot’s schedule You have a migration schedule. It doesn’t follow that Googlebot will fall into step. Googlebots have their own work schedules, too. Crawl frequency of URLs is on a per-URL basis. Google’s John Mueller confirmed this, saying: Some URLs are crawled every few minutes, others just every couple months, and many somewhere in between. While Google states that there are many factors affecting the crawl frequency of URLs, in a recent webinar, Gary Illyes referred to “scheduling” and “buckets” of URLs prepared beforehand for Googlebot to visit. So we know that scheduling exists. It’s also covered in lots of Google patents on crawl efficiency. It is worth noting that crawl frequency is not just based on PageRank, either. Both Google’s Andrey Lipattsev and Gary Illyes have remarked in separate webinars recently that PageRank is not the sole driver for crawling or ranking, with Lipattsev saying, “This (PageRank) has become just one thing among very many things.” ‘Importance’ is important I’m not going to apologize for my overuse of the word “important,” because it’s been confirmed that crawl scheduling is mostly driven by the “importance” of URLs. In fact, Gary Illyes states just that in a recent Virtual Keynote recorded interview with Eric Enge, and he notes that we should not keep focusing on PageRank as the sole driver for crawling or ranking. Many of the Google Patents touch on Page Importance and mention that this “may include PageRank,” but it is clear that PageRank is only a part of it. So Page Importance and PageRank are not the same, but one (Importance) may include the other (PageRank). What we do know is that important pages are crawled more often. There is the kind of relationship where … when we think something is important we tend to crawl it more frequently. John Mueller So, just what is ‘page importance?’ Of course, Google is not going to tell us of all the contributors to Page Importance, but a number of Google Patents around crawl efficiency and managing URLs touch on the subject. These are a few of my findings from patents, webinars, Google Webmaster Hangouts, old interviews, blog posts and Google Search Console help. Just to be clear, there are undoubtedly more factors than this, and only some of the factors listed below are confirmed by Google. There are other clues about page importance, too: Recently, Gary Illyes mentioned in a Virtual Keynote webinar with Eric Enge that if a page was included in an XML sitemap, it would likely be considered more important than others not included. We know that hreflang and canonicalization are used as signals (in page robots management). As mentioned above, PageRank “may be included in Page Importance” (and presumably with that internal PageRank). In Google’s Search Console Help Center, internal backlinks are stated as “a signal to search engines about the relative importance of that page.” Matt Cutts, Google’s former Head of Webspam, spoke of search engines understanding the importance of pages according to their position in URL parameter levels. Illyes also uses the example of an “about us” page and a “home page which changes frequently” as having different levels of importance to users who want to see fresh content. The “about us” page does not change much. File types and page types are also mentioned in patents, and we know that, for instance, image types are crawled less frequently than other URLs because they don’t change that often. Change management/freshness is important, too One thing we do know is that change frequency impacts crawl frequency. URLs change all the time on the web. Keeping probability of embarrassment for search engines (the “embarrassment metric”) by returning stale content in search results below acceptable thresholds is key, and it must be managed efficiently. Most of the academic papers on web crawling efficiency and information retrieval, conference proceedings and even patents attribute the term “search engine embarrassment” to Wolf et al. To combat “embarrassment” (returning stale content in results), scheduling systems are built to prioritize crawling important pages and important pages which change frequently over less important pages, such as those with insignificant changes or low-authority pages. These key pages have the highest probability of being seen by search engine users versus pages which don’t get found often in search engine results pages. In general, we try to do our crawling based on what we think this page might be changing or how often it might be changing. So, if we think that something stays the same for a longer period of time, we might not crawl it for a couple of months. John Mueller This implies that important change frequency is learned over time on web pages by search engines (it’s also mentioned in the crawl efficiency Google Patents) by comparing current with previous copies of the page to detect patterns of critical change frequency. Emphasis is on how important the changes on the pages are to search engine users (“critical material change”) and also how important the pages themselves are to users (Page Importance, which may include PageRank). Notice that Mueller says, “WHAT we think this page might be changing.” It needs to be changing some key feature (“critical material change”) in the page that is useful to search engine users. Why can’t Googlebot visit all migrated pages at once? From the above, we can conclude that Googlebots mostly arrive at a website with a purpose, a “work schedule,” and a “bucket list” of URLs to crawl during a visit. The URLs in the bucket list have been assigned to it by “The Scheduler” in the Google search engine system, if numerous Google patents around crawl efficiency are to be believed (see image). I say “mostly” because initial discovery crawling of brand-new sites is different. There is no knowledge of what is there already, so there is nothing — no past versions of the URLs — for the scheduler to compare anything to. When Googlebot arrives at your site, if your IP (host) doesn’t suffer connection slowdown or server error codes during the visit, Googlebot completes its bucket list and checks around to see if there is anything more important than the URLs on the original bucket list that may also need collecting. If there is, then Googlebot may go a little further and crawl these other important URLs as well. If nothing further important is discovered, Googlebot returns for another bucket list to visit on your site next time. Whether you’ve recently migrated a site or not, Googlebot is mostly focusing on very few (important) URLs, with occasional visits from time to time to those deemed least important, or not expected to have changed materially very often (for example, old archives on news sites or unchanging product pages on e-commerce sites). When Googlebot arrives at your website, and you’ve decided to go live with a migration, it’s not forewarned. It already had a scheduled list of URLs to get through on your site, and those might be important URLs (with expected important changes for search engine users) that Googlebot still wants to visit on this occasion. Those URLs still have to take priority. Googlebot is not likely to want to visit all of your new redirecting URLs right now, because not all pages will be of equal importance, and they may not be expected to have any useful change due to take place for some time to come (and so will not have been scheduled for a crawl). Most probably, the search engine has noted that your migration is underway. The redirections on the URLs that Googlebot came to visit will be followed (and maybe a percentage more, too, from a crawl percentage reserved for discovery of additional important changes outside of the schedule), and all of the crawled pages’ server response codes will be reported back to the status logs and history logs. If Googlebot comes across lots of redirection response codes, it will likely send a signal that says, “Hey, there’s a migration of some sort underway over there,” and the URL scheduler will respond in scheduling visits as a result of that. This is according to John Mueller: Usually what happens when we see that a site is moving, we will try to crawl a little bit faster to pick up on everything. They do this because they want to catch up. However, it doesn’t necessarily follow that everything will get crawled straightaway, or that everything is even worth “catching up with” for quite a while. For the most part, only the most important migrating URLs will get crawled as a priority, and maybe more frequently than they normally would, too. Just to make sure that everything (several signals) about those important “new” URLs (redirected from the “old” URLs) is picked up on. Page importance and change frequency are not the only factors affecting when URLs will be visited, of course. Here are a few others: Limited search engine resources The web is growing at a much faster pace than resources available to search engines. For example, the number of websites on the internet grew by one-third between 2013 and 2014. Available search engine resources and capacity must be shared increasingly amongst IPs (hosts) and the sites residing at them to be crawled. Host load Every IP (web host) has a connection capacity it can handle. The search engine system learns over time what your host or IP can handle and schedules visits by Googlebots in accordance with its past knowledge of that. If you’re on a shared hosting, a virtual IP or a content delivery network (CDN), this will also play a part, as “host load” will be learned and shared with other sites at the IP. Googlebot is sent to crawl in such a way that it doesn’t cause damage to your server. URL queues and low importance of migrating pages There are two types of queues in crawl scheduling. First, there are queues of websites (strictly speaking, it’s queues of IPs/hosts). Second, there are queues of pages/URLs to crawl within individual websites or from an IP (host). The queues of hosts (IPs and websites within them) is largely dependent upon “host load.” What can this host handle? If there are slowdowns in connection or server error codes, Googlebot may even prioritize crawling the highest importance URLs and drop the lower-importance URLs from crawls. In a migration, this means that low-importance URLs (often deeper in the website) may be dropped if Googlebot is struggling on the server. Googlebot will also pull back if it experiences these types of slowdowns and error codes for a while (confirmed by Google’s Gary Illyes at SMX East, 2014). So, even less crawling. This could mean that over time, you end up with quite a queue of URLs from within your site waiting to be visited. The queues of web pages within hosts is largely driven by “URL scheduling.” Queues may be managed by various sorting processes based largely on change frequency and importance of pages. In a migration, likely once Googlebot has informed the various players in the search engine crawling system (URL scheduler, history logs and so forth), the URLs to be crawled will be sorted and queued by what is known about the URLs being redirected from. If you have a lot of “unimportant URLs,” or pages with historical non-critical change, or pages which change, but the features within them are not important enough to constitute “material change,” you may have to wait awhile in the queue after migrations. And that is before any issues with “host load.” Scheduling still applies during migrations, but your queue of URLs to crawl got bigger When I asked John Mueller whether scheduling still applied during migrations (August 2016), he said yes, continuing: We can’t just suddenly crawl a whole new huge complete website after a migration. Crawl efficiency is still key. In a site migration, you’ve effectively added a whole additional copy of your site’s worth of URLs to crawl. This is made even worse if you’ve decided to merge several individual sites at a new folder level in an existing main site to consolidate — even more URLs. Suddenly, you’re asking Googlebot to crawl double the number of URLs at a bare minimum. Even with direct redirections alone (no redirect chains or historical “cruft” — another full subject), Googlebot’s going to hit the 301 from the index and then hop on to the 200 OK (a minimum of two URLs per initial URL visit, so double the size of the site). Google crawls higher-quality site sections more And what if you add a whole new fresh, content-rich, highly relevant and well internally linked section to your new site, while some low-importance sections of the old migration still are not fully crawled? Well, there is an argument that the new higher-importance-score/higher-quality site sections will be crawled more, and old sections noted as having lesser importance, or lower-quality URLs queued for even later when there is spare crawling capacity. In other words, it takes longer still to get everything passed across post-migration. And if you have duplicates or low-value content, the process will take even longer. You might have to wait months! According to Google’s former Head of Webspam, Matt Cutts: Imagine we crawl three pages from a site, and then we discover that the two other pages were duplicates of the third page. We’ll drop two out of the three pages and keep only one, and that’s why it looks like it has less good content. So we might tend to not crawl quite as much from that site. More recently, when interviewed by Eric Enge, Google’s Gary Illyes commented: Higher quality site sections get crawled more and deeper, for instance, a high quality section on plants or trees might mean the flower page descendants within that section will be more likely to be crawled because their parent pages in the website architecture are higher quality. This is mentioned at around 46 min in the video below. Googlebot still wants the important pages after a site migration In a migration, everything changed (all URLs), but not everything that changed is necessarily a critically important change to users, particularly if the URL that is redirecting is already classified as “unimportant” with low “material change” frequency. Per a recent Google patent: In some cases, the stale content in the search engine may have no particular significance, because the changes to the documents listed in a search result are minor, or the relevance of the documents remains substantially the same. Would it be the end of the world if a page which hardly ever changes, or only changes a few dynamic bits and pieces on load, redirected from the index? Likely not. The user still manages to reach the destination page from the search engine result pages via your redirection, so their experience is not reduced significantly. Your ‘unimportant’ pages may actually be adding quite a lot to your pre-migration visibility It’s likely that current rankings across longer-tailed queries (which can sum to a lot) are in place due to many minor signals picked up from legacy crawls on matured URLs over time. The important pages get the early crawl following a migration, whereas the majority of low- to no-importance pages (which may include low to no PageRank) combined are adding huge amounts to overall visibility. This can include the votes of relative importance (e.g., from the internal link structure alone), which will be all over the place. The signals used for ranking purposes from these will not have passed across to the newborn URLs until after the crawl and update back at the search engine. It will take quite a while for all the low-importance (but contributing to visibility) pages to be crawled. And what of those pages on your old site which you may have noindexed previously prior to migration? They were likely contributing something of value for visibility. Gary Illyes commented in the recent Virtual Keynote with Eric Enge that he didn’t think there was any dissipation in passing PageRank from noindexed URLs, so it is likely that this and other historical ranking signals will still be adding something to your migrating URLs. Yet they are no longer in the index and may not get crawled again for a long time, so any legacy signals will take a long time to pass. They will still get visited from time to time, along with 404s and even 410s, because “gone” is never truly gone (that’s another whole subject, which I’m not going to go into here). For instance, in this example of a site which changed address and it’s rankings dropped, Google engineers suggested the reason may be that some pages from the old site were no longer indexed. Clearly, there was something of value which had not been passed across but actually was vital (from an overall ranking perspective) and had been passed at some point historically. Everything matters. The ‘big picture’ and the website ‘ontology’ needs to be rebuilt Until everything has been put back together following migration, your website is not the same. It’s in a half-built state, with parts of the overall jigsaw puzzle missing or pieces moved around. The internal link architecture and relative importance signals from your own internal pages (text surrounding internal links, providing context, and any internal anchors) have to be rebuilt, for a start. Googlebot also needs to rebuild its understanding of where the pages sit in the overall architecture. Everything can be skewed for a while on a site of any decent size. The whole “inter-connectedness,” the theme or “ontology” of your site, and all of the semantic relevance within it, as an entity, is now also incomplete. Until everything is reassembled (including the low-importance pages and their relative internal links), the relevance, context and external and internal importance signals (including PageRank) are recombined, the website is not as it was before, even if you took all the right SEO steps for a site migration. Initially, you may just have the corners and the sides of the jigsaw puzzle rebuilt as the important pages of the site are crawled and processed, but everything combined makes the difference to “the big picture” and where your site ranks. Until the site is rebuilt as it was before, Googlebot and the other search engine workers’ job is not complete. At least wait for the work to be done before drawing conclusions. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Dawn Anderson Dawn Anderson is a SEO & Search Digital Marketing Strategist focusing on technical, architectural and database-driven SEO. Dawn is the director of Move It Marketing. Related Articles How Search Engines Process Links 5 Ways To Crawl A Staging Server Before Important Site Changes Go Live (To Save SEO) Site Redesign & Migration Tips To Avoid SEO & UX Disasters SEO Strategy During A Website Redesign Or Migration All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Crawling and RobotsSEO: Domains & URLsSEO: Redirects & Moving Sites Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE SEO is not dead; it’s just a shape-shifter Columnist Stephan Spencer talks about how search engine optimization has changed over the years, noting that it's still very much alive -- just vastly different from the way it once was. Stephan Spencer on October 19, 2016 at 10:08 am More I’m so tired of hearing various pundits say that SEO is dead. Maybe they are merely being provocative. Perhaps they need to fill seats in their event, and so they come up with “bait” session titles like “Why SEO is fundamentally DEAD.” (Yes, that was actually a keynote title at a very popular conference last year.) Or maybe they drank their own Kool-Aid and really believe this nonsense. While SEO is NOT dead, the way that you’re doing it might be. Does the following describe your approach? You’ve optimized your H1s and meta tags and you’ve built a few (hopefully white hat) links. Now you just sit back and watch your site rise to the top of Google, right? Wrong. This sort of cookie-cutter approach to SEO — one that equates SEO to tuning a guitar or to following the steps to a pumpkin pie recipe — rarely works in today’s search landscape. Traditional SEO is dead It’s human to want a repeatable formula to achieve a goal. The bad news is that there is no precise formula to SEO anymore. Sure, there are best practices, and a skilled SEO practitioner can greatly increase the chances of a good outcome. But we live in a world that comes with no guarantees — especially where SEO is concerned. Of course, there have never really been any absolute guarantees when it comes to SEO. You should run away screaming from any SEO practitioner who promises one. But for years, many operated under the illusion that if we just tweaked our title tags a little more and got just one more link, we would be rewarded with a higher ranking. So if we aren’t able to predict an outcome from our optimization efforts, do I agree with those pundits who say that SEO must be dead? Unemployed SEO Expert – Trigger and Freewheel In a way, yes. SEO in the traditional sense is dead. Outsmarting the search engines will no longer be feasible for most. But SEO does still exist, just in an evolved form. To understand what SEO is today, let’s look at how we got here. The rise of artificial intelligence and machine learning in search Remember how Google Panda shook the SEO world? Panda was released on February 23, 2011, impacting up to 12 percent of search results. Some aspects of Panda were easy to understand — the notion of thin content, for example. But other aspects were quite subtle. Panda was the introduction to machine learning for many in the SEO industry. Google had gathered ratings from humans on the perceived quality of a website based on a set of questions. The engineers at Google then applied machine learning algorithms to extend those subjective human opinions to the rest of the web, and Google Panda was born. It’s one thing to tweak a title tag to have a better keyword. It’s quite another thing to ask yourself whether the page will be judged as delivering a high-quality experience. Malcolm Gladwell suggests in his book, “Blink,” that humans judge quality literally in the blink of an eye. These snap judgments, including whether a website looks “shady” or “trustworthy,” come from the gut level. It’s extremely difficult to “game” a judgment that comes from the human subconscious. Then, on September 26, 2013, Google took artificial intelligence to another level by announcing that Hummingbird, a major rewrite of the core search algorithm, had been released. Not since the Caffeine update had there been such a significant reworking of Google’s machinery. Most of us SEO practitioners have seen the evidence of the Panda algorithm and its spammy link penalizing counterpart, Penguin, starkly staring back at us in Google Analytics in the form of a major organic traffic drop. But when it came to Hummingbird, for most sites, there was no obvious impact. Yet when Matt Cutts said Hummingbird affected 90 percent of all searches (compare this to Panda’s 12 percent), it was clear something big had happened. But what? “OK Google” shepherds in semantic search A clue had come in the form of a Google demonstration of hands-free conversational search at Google I/O: the “OK Google” voice command. It was thrilling to see we were one step closer to realizing a Star Trekkian future where we could speak to our machines using natural, everyday language, and they would not only understand us but also answer back. But under the covers, to handle conversational queries correctly, search engines like Google needed to understand the intent of the query, not just the words in it. We had made the leap from “words” to “concepts.” Understanding the meaning behind words, as well as the relationships between the words in a given topic, is known as semantic search. If this ability to understanding meaning and intent behind words is not “artificial intelligence,” I don’t know what is. Google Now is only the beginning. We’ll soon be talking to our computers more than we will be typing at them. And search continues to evolve. Last year, Google announced it had released RankBrain, which is machine learning that helps Google understand and process search queries. RankBrain has been particularly useful to Google in long-tail queries, which are often conversational and new to Google. Even today, 15 percent of search queries entered into Google are new searches never seen before. RankBrain is being run across 100 percent of all Google search queries; it’s become pervasive. RankBrain is another step in the evolution of the true realization of semantic search. With semantic search, Google can understand what an article is about. We see evidence of this when articles rank for keywords that are not found anywhere in the article (or in anchor text pointing to the article). One simple example of this is the search for “internet marketing,” which returns Quick Sprout’s guide to online marketing in the number one position. The word “internet” is not found anywhere in the guide. So if you can rank for a keyword without having it in your title tag or in any of the usual optimization targets (such as the URL and H1), how much does on-page optimization really matter? Title tag correlation with higher rankings is smaller than expected In a recent study that analyzed one million Google search results, Backlinko found that the correlation between a given keyword in the title tag and the ranking for the search with that keyword was much smaller than expected. It used to be important in SEO to have an exact matching keyword (or at least close to it) in a title tag in order to rank for that particular search query. What the Backlinko study illustrated is that Google is now significantly better at understanding the context of your page, and thus you don’t need to be explicit with the keyword you’re targeting, especially if your content clearly discusses the related entities involved in the topic. It’s all about “entities” What do I mean by “entities?” Let’s take an example. If you have an article on list building, it’s likely that the keyword “list building” would appear, but it is also likely that terms related to list building would also be present in the article, such as “subscribers” and “email.” These terms are relevant to our topic of list building, s0 it’s reasonable to expect them to be in our article. We know that “email” adds specificity to “list building.” For example, it further defines the type of list (it’s not a Facebook audience). So “list building” and “email” have a relationship which creates meaning beyond just the words. So in the search industry we use the term “entities” to describe these “things” that have a meaning and often have a real-life existence and relationships with other entities. Incidentally, this may be why longer-form content is performing better in organic search today, because the content describes more fully the topic and has more of the related entities present. My favorite new tool for exploring entities and relationships between topics is Searchmetrics’ new Topic Explorer, which I demonstrated live last week at Pubcon in the Advanced Keyword Research session. Since Google has gone beyond keywords into entities, we too need to go beyond traditional “keyword research” into “entity research.” Searchmetrics’ Topic Explorer Key takeaways Winning at SEO today is not about figuring which buttons to push. Once you have done the technical due diligence to make your site Google-friendly, you need to put on your marketer’s hat and give up the old school SEO “tactics” that used to work but don’t anymore. Yes, title tags should have keywords and should be written to entice the user to click through, but you no longer need to worry about getting the keyword precisely right. And it goes without saying that keyword stuffing your tags is not a valid practice, nor has it ever been. Instead, focus on the experience of your site: How can you make it better? Get deep into the mind of your ideal visitor and figure what makes them tick. What are their frustrations? What are they looking for? You need to solve for your user, not for the search engine. Your focus should be on creating remarkable content that is clearly head and shoulders above its competitors, and then on getting users to rabidly consume and share that content. Content has always been important with SEO. Now more than ever, extraordinary and noteworthy content that creates a conversation or adds massive value to existing conversations is an essential prerequisite to successful SEO. “SEO is dead. Long live SEO!” Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Stephan Spencer Stephan Spencer is the creator of the 3-day immersive SEO seminar Traffic Control; an author of the O’Reilly books The Art of SEO, Google Power Search, and Social eCommerce; founder of the SEO agency Netconcepts (acquired in 2010); inventor of the SEO proxy technology GravityStream; and the host of two podcast shows The Optimized Geek and Marketing Speak. Related Articles As search changes, Google changes Why agencies need to learn from the past and evolve Google ch-ch-ch-changes. How they're affecting publishers and SEOs The evolution of SEO All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. You Can Now Hail A Ride Straight From Google’s Mobile Search Results Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share You Can Now Hail A Ride Straight From Google’s Mobile Search Results Image courtesy of Uber October 19, 2016 12:22 pm EST By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk pick me up before you go-go google maps google google search ride-hailing services uber lyft While Google already offers the option of hailing a cab or ride-service pickup from within Google Maps, the company will now let users order up a car straight from Google’s mobile search results. Google announced the news on its India Blog, but it looks like the option is rolling out internationally. “Just ask for directions to a place, and you’ll see a tab for ride services with fare estimates and pick up times if a car is available near you,” Google explains. That way, “you can easily compare your options to find the fastest way there, without having to open multiple apps.” For example, let’s say I just got off the plane and I want to head for the park. Searching for “cab from JFK to Prospect Park” pulls up not only a map with a route marked, but a few options for getting a car, based on the services: Once you select a service, Google will direct you to the app required to book that ride. If you don’t have the app installed already, Google will provide a relevant link to an app store. October 19, 2016 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk pick me up before you go-go google maps google google search ride-hailing services uber lyft Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related spoiled for choice Google Maps Adding Lyft, Gett To List Of Ride-Hail Options buzz buzz buzz Is Google Planning A Ride-Sharing Service To Rival Uber And Lyft? get your food from a map Google Maps Now Lets Users Order Food Delivery what's on your phone? Google’s Pre-Loaded Android Apps Target Of EU Competition Probe scamalama-ding-dong 4 Things We Learned About Fake Locksmith Scammers Lurking Online Previous Walmart Launches Free Streaming Movie Platform — But Don’t Expect New Releases Next Facebook Wants You To Order Food Through Restaurants’ Pages Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Facebook Wants You To Order Food Through Restaurants’ Pages Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 19 GOOG: 801.56 6.30 Google Wallpapers & Pixel Launcher hit the Play Store, but the latter only works w/ Pixel Ben Schoon - 4 weeks ago @NexusBen Apps & Updates Android 7.0 Nougat Pixel Launcher Google Wallpapers View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Over the past year or so, Google has been adding a lot of stock apps to the Google Play store, and today it’s debuting two new ones ─ the Pixel Launcher and Wallpapers. The Pixel Launcher, previously known as the “Nexus Launcher,” has been floating around as an APK for months, and works on most devices. However, despite now being available for download on Google Play, the app is still officially exclusive to the Pixel and Pixel XL. What’s the benefit of having an exclusive app on the Play Store? Updates are really the only reason. Through Google Play, the Pixel Launcher can quickly be updated without the need for a full system update. Plus, if Google ever decides to make the launcher available to more users ─ as unlikely as that is ─ it won’t take much effort. Another new app that Google has debuted today is a new wallpaper picker. We’ve seen this through APKs while the Pixel Launcher was circulating through the Android community, but now Google has opened up the app to pretty much anyone. So if you’re running a Nexus, a Pixel, a Samsung device, or even a Moto E, you can download the Google Wallpapers app now. The app offers a selection of its own wallpapers, as well as pulling from those which come with your device as well as anything it can find from third-party apps. The app can also swap your wallpaper on a daily basis based on the category you choose. Guides Android 7.0 Nougat View THe Guide Pixel Launcher View THe Guide Google Wallpapers View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 19 GOOG: 801.56 6.30 Google’s G Suite adds action items, advanced voice commands, Slack integration for Drive, & more Jordan Kahn - 4 weeks ago @JordanKahn Google Corporate View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google is today updating its G Suite of apps, formerly known as Google Apps for work, with a handful of new productivity features. Among them, users will get access to new advanced voice commands, Slack integration for Google Docs and Drive, and a handful of other new features for collaboration with forms, Docs, Sheets and Slides. As for the new voice commands, G Suite will now offer a number of new commands for formatting text including changing text color, deleting words, inserting links and comments. Google has a full list of newly supported commands here. Also new for G Suite is Action Items and Suggested Action items to assign tasks for users in any of the G Suite apps: You can now assign an action item to someone for follow up in Docs, Sheets, and Slides. Just start typing their name in a comment, check the new box, and the assignee will get an email notification and see the action item(s) clearly marked with a blue bar when they open up the file… Suggested action items is an underlying intelligence feature in Docs that uses baseline heuristics and machine intelligence to automatically extract action items and allow users to create tasks more easily. Suggested action items will detect potential action items and assignees, and suggest them to users, allowing them to create an action item in one click. (examples in blog post) Integration with Slack means those using the popular work chat app will now be able to upload and create new Docs, Sheets, and Slides from directly within a Slack chat. A full list of what’s new in today’s G Suite update below: Action items – You can now assign an action item to someone for follow up in Docs, Sheets, and Slides. Just start typing their name in a comment, check the new box, and the assignee will get an email notification and see the action item(s) clearly marked with a blue bar when they open up the file. Suggested action items – Suggested action items is an underlying intelligence feature in Docs that uses baseline heuristics and machine intelligence to automatically extract action items and allow users to create tasks more easily. Suggested action items will detect potential action items and assignees, and suggest them to users, allowing them to create an action item in one click. Better visibility into open tasks- A count of open action items and suggested edits that need attention are now called out on the Docs, Sheets, Slides homescreens, and in Drive, in a grey circle. Forms Autosuggest – Forms uses NLP (natural language processing) to identify patterns to be able to predict the type of question you’re asking and suggest responses based on what you type, resulting in 25% faster form creation. Forms File Upload – You can now collect files from your respondents—by upload or from Google Drive—and store them in a new folder in Drive. Advanced Voice Commands – We’re giving users a bunch of new ways to format and customize as they go, with new commands for changing text color, deleting words, inserting links and comments, and a bunch of other ways to format, hands-free. Slack-Docs/Drive integration – Slack users can now save a bunch of time by importing files from Drive directly into to a chat, or even create new Docs, Sheets, and Slides files by clicking the “+” button in the Slack message box. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The Pixel Launcher is now available on the Play Store, but most of us can’t download it +35,057 Andrew Myrick Oct 19th, 2016 The Nexus Launcher was leaked some time ago and gave us a glimpse into what Google was working on for its next devices. Then, it was renamed to the Pixel Launcher and the Android world threw its collective arms in the air wondering if this was the end of the Nexus program. Fast forward a few months and now we know what Google had in the works for its 2016 devices. The Pixel and Pixel XL feature a brand new launcher that can’t be used by anyone not using the devices, but that hasn’t the big “G” from releasing the app onto the Play Store. The release of the Pixel Launcher onto the Play Store now allows Google to control updates for the launcher without providing a system update. The release also indicates that if Google chooses to open up downloads for everyone, the wheels will already be in motion and it will only require a flick of a switch to turn that into a reality. Now, that hasn’t stopped some from trying to figure out how to sideload the application onto our devices so that we can get the Pixel feeling on any Android device. Luckily, there is a way to do so, and you’ll need to download the APK from here, then install from there. However, it’s worth noting that the new Google Feed (Google Now) won’t work properly if you sideload due to not being able to set the Pixel Launcher as a system application. Of course, if you don’t want to mess with sideloading, you can turn to Nova Launcher or Action Launcher which have been updated with various Pixel Launcher features to give you that feeling you want. There’s even a nifty tutorial to turn Nova Launcher into Pixel Launcher, minus the round icons, but you can check out DrumDestroyer’s new “Pixelicious” icon pack to get those new icons. Download on Google Play local_offer    Google   Pixel   pixel launcher   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (6) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 5 Material Design Apps that Google thinks are brilliant +11,185 Quentyn Kennemer Oct 19th, 2016 Google today posted the winners of their annual Material Design awards. These awards aim to showcase the apps which not only follow Google’s no-nonsense approach to app and web design, but also do it in a way that’s unique, refreshing, and engaging. Before diving in, it’s important to remember that Material Design isn’t all about floating action buttons and drop shadows — there’s functional meaning to the way some of these elements work and look, and they all meld to make for the best user experience possible. With that said, Google sorted winners into 5 different categories: Brand Infusion: The ability for an app to cleanly and effectively communicate information and offer controls while seamlessly blending a company’s unique branding into the UI. Charming Engagement: This category focuses on an app’s ability to offer an eye-popping design which uses lush animations, vibrant colors, and energetic features to get the user excited about using the app. Creative Navigation: Navigation is one of the most important elements of any app, so Google recognizes apps which uses elements like tabs and drawers to make it easy for users to whisk through the app. Expressive Layouts: An app’s layout is important in making sure the flow of information remains consistent, uniform, and easily identifiable throughout. Focused Efficiency: This category is all about speed and an app’s ability to offer up a deep amount of information, controls, and features without burdening the user with an overwhelming operation process. Asana – Brand Infusion An app built on making teams more productive and collaborative needs to be visually focused and clear to keep users concentrated on getting work done. Asana achieves this by polishing short, frequently repeated interactions to make efficiency feel rewarding. Content is never overwhelmed by the wide range of available actions because they are organized intelligently and are easy to trigger. With so much functionality built into the app, it would be easy for Asana’s visual identity to become diluted. But Asana’s design team thought through the brand experience at every turn. Subtle gradients are applied to the floating action button as well as in moments of more casually paced user communication. The product logo is echoed in the circular outlines around icons while editing a task. Download at Google Play Fabulous – Charming Engagement It’s hard to rewire your brain and adopt a new routine, but it can be made easier with an attentive coach by your side, encouraging you to achieve your goals through positive reinforcement. The Fabulous app is such a mentor, a self-described “happiness trainer” that makes positive choices habit-forming. The app’s charming illustration style makes an immediate impression, inviting users into their first experience of goal-setting. The crisp state transitions and pleasing goal completion animations keep up motivation—even experiences beyond the in-app functionality are carefully considered, with bold notification styles, a well-developed soundscape, and email reminders that feel personal and direct. Download at Google Play C Channel – Creative Navigation When it comes to designing an app’s navigation, more content usually means more problems. Search often becomes a primary mode of exploration, reducing the user’s exposure to items they might otherwise be interested in, if they’d only known they existed. The C Channel app neatly balances a blend of studio-created and user-submitted videos covering fashion, food and more. C Channel organizes content into a series of tabs that can be traversed easily with a simple swipe. This engaging, gestural journey through the product continues even when videos are playing, allowing users to advance seamlessly between clips with a vertical fling. The overall positive vibe of the app—there’s only a like button and no down voting—celebrates the ideas and trends within the community. Download at Google Play Kitchen Stories – Expressive Layouts Determining the layout of an experience isn’t a solitary decision—it’s the result of a series of small decisions, that combine to create a  harmonious whole. When it works well, users may not even consciously notice it, but they certainly feel it when things go awry. Kitchen Stories excels at creating effective, easy-to-scan layouts for recipes across a variety of screens and sizes. Home cooks will be happy to have their tablets in the kitchen: content is organized smartly, minimizing the number of times you’ll need to touch messy fingers to the screen. The attention to craft shines through at other moments in the app experience as well, from the precise positioning of type, to the playful use of the logo as a textural element on background surfaces. Download at Google Play AirBnb – Focused Efficiency   One of Google’s Ten things we know to be true is “Fast is better than slow.” Airbnb clearly relates to this philosophy, and acts on it by showing respect for their users’ time. Essential tasks are satisfied through precise design, routing users clearly and briskly from sign in, to browsing, to booking a reservation. By neatly segmenting larger goals into smaller steps, Airbnb is able to sidestep the appearance of complexity, making the overall experience feel comfortable. Happily, none of this efficiency comes at the cost of Airbnb’s visual appeal. Photography is a clear focus and communicates a sense of opportunity in each new destination. The considered typography and consistent but unobtrusive branding are equally successful for both the Android and iOS versions of the app. Download at Google Play My Personal Favorite All the apps mentioned above have great designs, but I want to give a shout-out to one of my own personal favorites — GameFly. It doesn’t do anything out of the ordinary in its design, but the use of Material Design allows the app to deliver information in a way that’s important to me. This shines through best when clicking on individual game listings to get more information about the games I’m trying to rent, including a trailer which plays as the header before scrolling down to jump into the details (there’s something about that trailer fading away as you scroll down the page that gets me every time). It’s not the best, most elegant, or even most pleasing design out there, but I love it for what it is. Download at Google Play What’s your favorite example of Material Design? Have your own personal favorite app that makes use of Material Design? Even if it’s just one element of the app or the entirety of it, we want to hear about your favorite use of Material Design and why it enhances that app’s functionality for your unique needs and tastes. Hit us up below to share! local_offer    Airbnb   Asana   C Channel   Fabulous   Google   Kitchen Stories   Material Design   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Pixel exclusive features explored: A cut above the rest of Android? Chris Hall19 October 2016Phones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google's phones have always been dependable for one thing: giving you the best of Android. With the launch of the Pixel and Pixel XL, Google has shifted the goalposts slightly, so that might not be the case anymore. The Nexus devices aren't Google phones, not in the same way that the Pixels are. The Pixels are designed by Google and made by Google (ish), and they launch with exclusive features that the rest of Android won't get. So are these must-have features, or can you live without these Pixel additions? Pocket-lint Pixel Launcher This is the starting point of any Android handset and in many ways it defines the daily experience. Pixel Launcher is exclusive to the Pixel, but as any Android fan knows, it's already leaked and we're sure it will leak again in newer forms for those who want to side load it. How to download Pixel and Pixel XL's Launcher for Android Pixel Launcher is an evolution of the Google Now Launcher; Google Now lives a swipe to the right as it did before, but there's now a Google logo that looks like a pull-tab on the home screen and a new weather and time display. Then you have the apps tray. This is a swipe from the bottom, rather than a tap on the icon. That also means - compared to many launchers - that you don't need an "apps" button. That means there's more space for apps and you can put something in the centre.  Accessing the apps tray isn't a huge deal and removing the apps button doesn't make a huge difference either. Devices like the Samsung Galaxy S7 supported more shortcut or folder positions than stock Android launchers anyway, so it's not hugely different.  Could we live without it? We're pretty sure you'll be able to sideload it, so it's a moot point. We're also sure someone will replicate the app tray and make it an option in other launchers too, and we're betting that this exclusive feature eventually gets released on Google Play for everyone.  Pocket-lint Google Assistant home button Part of the launcher experience, however, is the new home button. This was once the access point for Now on Tap and now Google Assistant has taken its place. Google Assistant is an exclusive feature on the Pixel phone (for how long?), so it's a persistent access point for Google's new Assistant service.  This is also a feature that swings into other launchers too. If you move on from Pixel Launcher and use something else, you will find this feature there. That's what Google means by having it baked to the core. We installed the BlackBerry launcher and found the Google Assistant home button stayed put. Is that button essential to the experience? As an immediate access point to Assistant, it's very useful; you can use "Ok Google" to open Google Assistant, but if you're in a public place and don't want to start talking to your phone, then this home button becomes an important part of things. Pocket-lint Google Assistant This is perhaps the biggest single feature that Google is pushing on the Pixels. Google Assistant is an evolution of Google Now and existing "Ok Google" voice control. It's accessed the same way with voice, or through that home button we just discussed.  Google Assistant offers a wide range of features and functions. Some of those things already exist, like turning on the torch, opening apps, quizzing your calendar or asking it to play specific music on Spotify. Google Assistant goes deeper, firstly by remaining contextually aware. For example, you can ask "what is Green Day's latest album?" and once you have an answer, you can say "play it on Spotify". So Google Assistant understands contextual pronoun use in this case, making conversational interaction more natural. What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and when can you use it? Google Assistant tips and tricks: Master your Android assistant There are other things, like knowing the difference between a photo and a selfie and opening up the camera automatically and completing that action, or being able to play a specific programme from Netflix.  Google's example is always finding a restaurant and booking a table, but that's probably not a daily thing you need an Assistant for. But being able to ask Google when you're flying somewhere, in addition to asking what flights you have is really clever - it understands different ways of asking questions, so it's not formulaic.  Then there are clever things like Google Photos interaction and being able to ask to see photos of specific things from your album. Ask to see pictures of your mum and you'll get mother and baby pictures as it knows what a mother is. Ask to see pictures of your cat, and you'll get them.  Google Assistant might be an evolution of existing services, but we suspect with the upcoming launch of Google Home it will rapidly become much more talented.  So talented, in fact, that we can't believe it will be a Pixel exclusive for very long. More than anything else, however, if you're a big voice and Google Now user, Google Assistant will make a big change to the things you can do. What is Google Home, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Unlimited Google Photos storage This is an interesting play, as it offsets anxiety about lacking expandable storage, while also making it very easy for Google to be the natural home for all your photos and video. Unlimited storage in Google Drive for photos and video taken on your Pixel, at full resolution. Currently you can opt to store as many reduced resolution images as you like from any Android phone with Google Photos, but full resolution images are limited by the capacity of your Drive. You can pay for more storage, it really depends how much you want to store from your device. We'll never say no to more storage and with Apple now selling expanded iCloud storage to a number of people, we can see the appeal. Pocket-lint Smart storage Smart storage plays into the same territory as the photo storage above, dealing with anxieties that might arise surrounding space. This is obviously an issue for smartphone users as Nextbit created an entire phone to deal with this.  Smart storage lives in the Storage section of the settings menu and we haven't seen it in action, because we've not filled our Pixel with data. What it will do, however, is make space by automatically deleting photo and video backups from the devices. As you'll have them all synced to Google Photos at full resolution, it's basically using that online storage to manage on-device storage.  You can specify time limits for this - over 30, 60 or 90 days - so if you want the last few months of photos ready to view and share instantly, you can opt to do so. Thanks to Google Photos giving you access to thumbnails all the time, not having them on the phone's storage really isn't a huge deal.  Smart storage is nice. It might be aimed at Pixel devices, but really Android should be better at handling what you need locally and what you don't, like Nextbit does. Pocket-lint That calendar icon As we've mentioned things that Android should be doing, let's talk about the dynamic calendar icon.  Google Calendar is really good. It displays appointments in a clean fashion, with locations providing maps or images and some categories getting their own graphics too. But one thing that Google Calendar has always done is show the date as 31. That was just the icon for the calendar. Have you ever noticed that Apple has the actual date on its calendar app icon? Google should have done this a long time ago: it's like being able to see the sky, it's should be a basic human right.  New setup and Apple transfer So enthusiastic is Google about stealing iPhone owners, it's bundling the hardware and software in the box to do so. We've given you a rundown of the process of setting up your iPhone from your Pixel and it's very easy.  Sure, this is being pushed as a Pixel feature, wrapped in a new setup design, but Android users probably won't worry too much, as you've already got an Android phone. Whether the universal transfer from Apple devices becomes part of the setup process generally, who knows. As it is, many manufacturers provide routes for transferring content anyway. Apple iPhone to Google Pixel: How to transfer contacts, messages, calendars and media The new Pixel Camera The Pixel offers a great camera and we've been very impressed with the performance from it. It has some limitations, like the white balance gets a little confused indoors at times, but generally, it's very fast and gives some very good results. There are also some exclusive features in the app. The Android camera app has always been a little basic, it doesn't lavish features on like Samsung or Sony might. Some of the features that Google has pushed for some time - Photo Sphere, Lens Blur effect - still remain in the Pixel camera, which is basically the same in appearance as it was before. Pocket-lint There's the addition of slow motion, offering 120 and 240fps options, which can easily be adjusted so only the action parts are in slow motion. There's also the option for Smartburst that will capture continuously if you hold down the shutter button. From this, Google will automatically create animations, but also offers you a view of all those photos, with the option to pick and save the best one, which is great for action scenes.  Both these elements play into the speed of the Pixel camera. It's hugely fast, from capture to focusing to viewing previews.  Outside of those, a couple of elements have been added to the app viewfinder. There's now instant access to a number of grids as well as white balance controls. When you tap to focus/meter, you also get an exposure compensation slider so you can tweak the exposure in your photo before you press capture, making it easier to capture the photo you want. Finally, you can lock the exposure and focus with a long press (AE/AF lock). This means the camera will stay on those settings as things move in front, giving consistency. It can also be applied to video, so you can put it on a tripod, for example, and film on a desk for example, without the exposure of focus changing and pulsing. From a software point of view, it's not hugely different visually, but even if you did have the app on other Android devices, you won't have the speed, which is really what makes this camera. Those "pro" features make the camera more fun, but again, it's not as fully featured as many rival camera apps.  24/7 support With Google now wanting to design phones, sell phones, do the software for phones and claim "Phone by Google", it needs to add another string to its bow. Unlike Apple, you can't just walk into a Google Store in a shopping mall when you have a problem. The solution on the Pixel is 24/7 support in the form of a new tab in the settings menu. You simply click over to it and you can get phone or chat support, including the option to have Google take a look at your screen and sort out your problem. Things that all Android 7.1 devices will get Google claims that all of the above is exclusive to the Pixel. However there are plenty of features that should arrive on your device when you get Android 7.1. If you're a Nexus owner, that could be pretty soon. When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Here's a rundown of what you will get, and how great it is: Pocket-lint New wallpaper picker Yes, within the Pixel Launcher you have a new wallpaper picker. Well, guess what. Google has already released this so that anyone can get to it. It's an app called Wallpaper and it's on Google Play now. This gives you plenty of options for picking your wallpaper, with sections for different types and the option to have have it changing wallpaper daily, from a number of categories - earth, landscapes, cityscapes, life and textures. What you don't get is the Pixel's live wallpapers that will give you a little bit of movement when you unlock your phone or return the the home screen, or the live data wallpapers. Wallpaper won't change the world, but it does put a little bit of Pixel on any Android phone. Night Light Night light changes the colour temperature of your display. It's something that's widely offered - even the iPhone has it - and the idea is to reduce the blue light from your display, which has been shown to cause sleep problems. It's simple and can be enabled in the display settings in Android 7.1. There's no option to change the intensity, but we're happy with it as it is. There's also the option to have it automatically switch on at sunset. Pocket-lint Moves gestures Android 7.1 contains a couple of gestures, which it bundles together in a menu section called Moves in the Pixel. The first is an old Android element from Marshmallow, and that's a double press on the power button to instantly launch the camera. The second is the swipe on the fingerprint sensor to view the notifications. This is something that works especially well for devices with a rear fingerprint scanner, like the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P. It works so well, that Huawei has had it for some time in devices like the Huawei P9 or the Honor phones. We like it, but if you have a front fingerprint scanner (HTC, Samsung), it's perhaps not going to work as well. The final gesture is flip camera, which switches between the front and rear cameras with twist of the wrist. We're not sure if it's coming to other Android devices and to be honest, we can't say we're that bothered about it, as it involves waving your phone around, meaning you'll probably drop it. Pocket-lint Round icons with app shortcuts We're bundling these together. The round icons are super cute, but you'll notice that on the Pixel they're only for a selection of Google apps. Chrome has always been round and there's no shortage of those round icons, like Citymapper. Android 7.1 will bring support for these circular icons according to Google, although we guess they could just be changed in Google Play. What's more important about app icons is the app shortcuts that Android 7.1 offers. This provides shortcuts to functions of that app without opening that app. For example, if you want to send a message, a long press on Messenger opens up options to start a new conversation or continue a recent conversation.  Similarly, a long press on Google Maps opens the option to navigate to home or to work. It's a great feature and makes your home page a lot more useful, with less need to open apps to carry out basic functions. Summing up There's a lot that's offered by Android 7.1 that adds polish to the good work already started by Android 7.0 Nougat. At the moment, the Pixel and Pixel XL enjoy a level of exclusivity that other devices don't have, with a version of Android that's not yet been made available to other devices.  But much refinement will be coming and for many day-to-day app tasks, the update to 7.1 will bring your typical Nexus device into touching distance of the Pixel. As they say, though, the Pixel is more than just the sum of its parts: it's the whole experience, the speed and smoothness of Android that makes it great. Android 7.0 Nougat review: Subtle but super-sweet OS update Google Assistant is the elephant in the room. It's so closely related to the existing functions offered by Ok Google voice integration on Android devices that we can't believe that Google will deny it to other devices for any great length of time. Sections Google Android Phones Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore New evidence to suggest iPhone 8 will come with curved bezel-less screen The Huawei P10 could be one incredibly powerful smartphone if leaked specs are... Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore New evidence to suggest iPhone 8 will come with curved bezel-less screen The Huawei P10 could be one incredibly powerful smartphone if leaked specs are real Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale What is the Mannequin Challenge? Plus, the best ones on the web Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss HTC Bolt launches in the US What better way to celebrate global madness than a $3K gold Trump iPhone Apple could introduce truly wireless charging with iPhone 8 Next Sony Xperia flagship: What's the story so far? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Best Black Friday UK fitness tracker deals: Garmin, Fitbit, Polar and more Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Amazon Music Unlimited explained: Price, devices and how to get it Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
null
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion Google vs Apple Google Pixel reviews reveal the truth about the tech giant’s smartphone Google's much anticipated mobile phone is set to hit shelves tomorrow WILL GRICE 19th October 2016, 4:37 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE Pixel is Google’s first foray into manufacturing a phone by themselves, but has it really been worth the wait? Due for release tomorrow is the Google Pixel and Pixel XL, which come after six years of the tech giant partnering up with the likes of HTC to create its Nexus phones. Not known 8 The Google Pixel is set to release tomorrow To help you decide whether the phone is worth its £599 we have rounded up the reviews you need to read. GIZMODO In what is perhaps the most negative review, Gizmodo have come out and described the Pixel as nothing but a phone that “is a little fatter than last year’s Nexus 6P”. While many people have been expecting the Pixel to be a true ‘iPhone killer’, the critics over at Gizmodo seem to disagree. PA:Press Association 8 Gizmodo called the phone “ugly” “The Pixel is an ugly phone. “There’s also a big slab of glass at the top of the phone’s back that feels sticky and a little uncomfortable to hold. The design is nowhere near as sleek, clean, and easy to use as the iPhone 7. “If you’re like me, and have avoided the iPhone all these years, it’s time to give in. The iPhone is definitively better this year.” WIRED The Wired review however was significantly more positive than its Gizmodo counterpart. With the tech mag saying the Pixel “offers the look and competence of an iPhone, with a truly great camera and loads of innovative software and services”. The reviewer even went as far to say it had changed his outlook on smart phones on a whole. Reuters 8 Wired claimed the Pixel is finally set to take on the iPhone “I write about gadgets, which means everyone asks me what laptop or dishwasher or whatever to buy. “I struggle with this, because the answer often starts with, “It depends.” “Unless you ask about a phone. In that case, I usually say get an iPhone. “The Google Pixel changes changes my answer to the question I hear most often: What phone should you get?” The new answer? “You should get a Pixel.” Related Stories Mile high club What is Google Flights? Now search giant will help you get cheapest flights for next holiday IS IT TRUE? Google News launches fact check label for readers wanting 100% accuracy step away from the keyboard! These are the disgusting topics you should NEVER search for on Google GREAT BRITON Mary Seacole honoured by Google Doodle - here's what you need to know about the Crimean War heroine So sketchy From Antoni van Leeuwenhoek to Mary Seacole - what is the history of the Google Doodle? THE VERGE The Verge also took a similar line to Wired, with the website stating that for Google’s first phone, the end product is exceptionally good. David Parry 8 EE launched a huge publicity stunt by Marble Arch today to celebrate the Pixel’s launch “By almost every metric I can think of — speed, power, camera, smart assistant, you name it — it matches or exceeds the best phones available on the market today. “The whole package is pretty incredible, and if you’re not put off by the premium price, you’ll be very happy with this premium phone.” ARSTECHNICA  Heralding the Google phone as a “middling piece of hardware”, the Arstechnica review says the Pixel’s design was bland and boring. David Parry 8 However certain critics described the phone as boring and bland “The large and empty bezels feel like a downgrade from past devices, and the phones also have a few objective downgrades, like price and speaker quality. “In terms of price vs. performance, the Huawei Nexus 6P feels like something that was designed and built by an experienced, well-oiled machine, while the Pixel really does feel like a new company’s first attempt at hardware.” ENGADGET This was one of many reviews to raise the issue of the Pixel having a rather hefty price tag attached to it. Despite this Engadget were more than pleased with the phone overall, claiming that the fast processor and amazing camera made it a good all round device. Reuters 8 Many believed the Pixel could end up being an ‘iPhone killer’ “After years of experimenting with Nexus devices, Google finally decided it wanted to make a phone of its own. “HTC might be assembling the phones, but Google designed and developed the Pixel from end-to-end. TECHRADAR Another reviewer who were critical of the phone’s price tag, Techradar stated: “The Google Pixel is an excellent flagship phone that’s only let down by mediocre battery life and the still-developing Assistant. AP:Associated Press 8 Samsung are currently the largest Android manufacturer in the world, but Google hope to change that “If you can stomach the price point, the Pixel is a breath of fresh Google air in a world of Android over-complication.” THE WALL STREET JOURNAL Showing that the Pixel is incapable of escaping comparison to its Apple counterpart, The Wall Street Journal asked readers why they owned an iPhone. “Is it because of its software, services and privacy policies? AP:Associated Press 8 The Android market seems to be quite open after Samsung’s Note 7 issues “Or is it because it’s a very good phone for things like Google Maps, Gmail, Spotify and Facebook Messenger? “If you’ve answered yes to the latter, the Pixel may be for you.” CNET Describing the Pixel as a “beaut”, the CNET review takes into mind that the current largest Android phone manufacturer, Samsung, is having somewhat of a difficult time at the moment, and that this is the perfect time to launch a major new phone. “The Pixel exceeded my high expectations and gives the iPhone a run for its money.”   Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Halloween costume is scariest you'll see this y Topics Apple Google iphone iPhone 7 Mobile Phone Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum is filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News Exclusive jackpot brute jailed Lottery winner throttled his wife and beat a child after claiming winning £70,000 would make 2016… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News 'don't be afraid' Trump says women might have to travel to other states for abortions, promises to deport 3m immigrants and… News BAG BABY Mum who abandoned baby on freezing doorstep in Tesco carrier bag is caught six years on by DNA evidence News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News BLOTTO WINNER Lotto millionaire flashes the £4,500 boobs she bought with her jackpot yet again... this time at her… News WINTER STORM ALERT Britain to be battered by gales, snow and -11C freeze this week as Arctic blast ushers in winter News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News Graphic Warning 'GO ON, KILL HER!' Shocking moment schoolgirl bully kicks girl in the HEAD during sickening attack as other pupils laugh and… News Most Popular THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Video HONEY'S FIX RAP Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz 'WHAT'S HAPPENED TO HER?' I’m A Celebrity fans left stunned by Carol Vorderman’s fresh faced look TV & Showbiz devastating family secret I'm A Celebrity star Larry Lamb's secret agony over daughter he hasn't seen in 46 years TV & Showbiz It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Right Mess Lionel Messi 'rejects new contract with Barca after worries over tax fraud legal issues' Football Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager The Pixel: a very Google phone Mala Bhargava   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Here to help Google’s Assistant is all set to be your best friend Here to help Google’s Assistant is all set to be your best friend A brilliant camera, a chatty assistant and a fast and clean Android 7.1 experience make the Pixel XL a big temptation. Except for the staggering price tag I have seen prettier phones. I have seen more affordable phones. But never have I seen a smartphone that is so very Google. From the front, the Pixel looks like any phone, which in turn looks like the iPhone because everyone has copied heavily from Apple’s design. From the back, the Pixel looks like no other. The top one-third is made of a glossy material with the camera on top and fingerprint sensor in the middle, and the other two-third is a smooth brushed metal look with a proud G in the centre. As you boot up the phone, the first thing you see is the Google logo and that should tell you that this device is really a home for Google’s services. Squeaky clean feel I like to capture those first impressions, before I lose myself in all sorts of features and specifications. Each phone has a personality — and sometimes phones have a distinct lack of it. The Pixel (I had the 5.5-inch Pixel XL for review) has an all encompassing clean feel about it. Just like the Google search page. The whole busy feel of phones made by others is mercifully missing, leaving it much more of a blank canvas. Right from the start, you have the option of increasing the text size or even using voice feedback in case your eyesight is not up to the mark. And since mine is not, I appreciated this very thoughtful touch. I am very conflicted about the physical design of the Pixel, but the squeaky clean feel on the inside is something I immediately loved. The look and feel is thanks to the Pixel launcher, which by the way, you can pick up from the Play Store for whichever Android phone you have. Of course, that will not get you the famous Google Assistant...Out-talking Siri Long-pressing the virtual Home button on the Pixel will pop up Google Assistant, ready to listen and asking how she can help you. I am afraid I quickly got rid of the Indian English voice and used the United States one because I have never reconciled myself to the former’s accent. It is the assistant who is the heart of this device and who outdoes Siri with her promptness and artificial intelligence. She can understand context much better and even though she is nowhere near perfect and can be quickly tripped up, she is easy to relate to and very useful. We just had a long chat about chamomile tea. Wave privacy goodbye If we had not already done so, I would have said you wave your privacy goodbye with the Pixel. Google will now know I like chamomile tea and it will not be surprising if I see ads for it somewhere. This privacy and usefulness trade-off is just probably too late to reverse in our technology driven world. There are many who will opt to stop worrying about it and give in to whatever services are being offered. I am probably one of them. About that camera The Pixel’s 12.3MP f2.0 camera became a talking point well before the device was out in the wild. Camera experts DXoMark rated it as the best smartphone camera leading to much skepticism given the iPhone 7 Plus and Galaxy S7 cameras a competition. But taking photos with it, and speaking at a surface and casual level, this camera definitely has something. First of all, it shoots fast. The burst mode, if you long press on the trigger, sounds like a cat purring, it is that fast and that smooth. Casual comparison it with the S7, iPhone 7 Plus and OnePlus 3, I found the Pixel’s images brighter and more vivid. Shaky hands in very low light will still get you a blurry photo but for the most part images are pleasing — so it depends on what you want. The iPhone tended to have a slight pink tinge or warmer tones in some light conditions but it and the S7 and Pixel did well with the shallow depth of field effect. We constantly bemoan low light and that is where the Pixel is the one that shines. Using bigger pixels, as it were, the camera on the Pixel fills an image with light without introducing noise. Shooting indoors with this phone will not go wrong too often. There are a lot of other tricks with the camera that are most enjoyable. The camera is not perfect though and there is much annoyance over the absence of optical image stabilisation without which this phone seems to be doing pretty well. Purely as a phone, there are many more pluses and minuses to be considered. There is no dual SIM version; no FM radio; no fabulous design. But there is Google’s own virtual reality readiness, Android 7.1, a 3,450mAh battery that lasts fine through the day and a buttery smooth experience. The biggest minus of all, however, is the price of the phone, starting at ₹57,000 for the Pixel and going up to ₹76,000 for the Pixel XL. So far it is just the iPhone that is ‘allowed’ to touch these price levels in India. Even if we are talking about Google, pricing a device that high unexpectedly is unlikely to be to the new phone’s advantage. Price: ₹57,000 for Pixel and ₹76,000 for Pixel XL Love: The vivid low light camera, prompt helpful chatty assistant, fast clean performance, no clutter Hate: The prohibitive price tag, odd design (This article was published on October 19, 2016) Related TOPICS lifestyle and leisure | mobile phones | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » BusinessLine Infographics Diwali pollution in four visualisations Unquiet flows the Cauvery: the tale of how it became a river on the boil Infographic: Mapping the Monsoon Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED I always have an India-first strategy: Gopal Srinivasan Daimler switches bus lanes for sharper focus Assembling Make in India’s mobile dream Ford gets set to enter new phase in India Chennai offers a drinking water model for coastal India The many pain-points of the diabetes capital For a network to battle outbreaks: Andrew Witty Xiaomi Mi Max Prime is larger than life Italian auto market bucks the trend, posts good growth in 2016 Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Future Group, INI Farms tie up to boost banana, pomegranate output Markets come to a standstill as cash crunch hits traders and farmers Plantation sector in limbo over payment of wages Fruits, veggie trade severely hit Is the North-East monsoon headed for a washout? More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Technophile Fossil Q Marshal: Looks tough, acts smart This chunky offering from the watch major is attractive and rugged » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obama takes thinly-veiled swipe at Hillary for losing presidency to Trump as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry' - in first post-election news conference Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his sex-obsessed lifestyle' Illegal immigrant 'crashed his car into young woman's vehicle before dragging her out and RAPING her in a ditch for two hours' Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on key alliance  'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she has many sleepless nights since leaving Fox News 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms 'I came here to kill you': Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on the roof of the building she was staying in for DAYS' Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey be set FREE after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their wedding was suddenly called off Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne this fall for a flawless complexion Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane crash following claims they were murdered  California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid jail for alleged multi-million dollar health insurance fraud She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem of her dress' REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private dealings with Viacom that helped them secure their trust Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's historic win - and word breaks just as Obama prepares to face the media before trip 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says incoming chief of staff Previous Next Hillary's Silicon Valley friends: Now Google boss Eric Schmidt revealed to have designed Clinton's website - and Mark Zuckerberg asked for help getting into campaigning  Leaked emails reveal Hillary Clinton's campaign had Google founder Eric Schmidt leading a team to develop what would become the campaign web site Internal memo reveals Google founder led team to develop 'back-end' of the web site, emails obtained from hack of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta show Effort also included plan to 'raising lots of money' and creating 'excellent' content Schmidt also headed effort to store credit card information, accept donations, and get email addresses 'Working relationships' with Google, Facebook, and Apple touted following 'discreet conversations' Plan to exceed $115 million in incremental online donations due to tech 'evolutions'  'Work being done by Eric Schmidt’s group'  Other emails show Facebook big Sheryl Sandberg wrote John Podesta in August 2015 She said Mark Zuckerberg was keen to meet Podesta to discuss issues Podesta is Hillary Clinton's campaign manager and one of her top aides Zuckerberg was 'hungry to learn' how he could influence public policy Facebook has 1.7 billion users and the IRS is chasing it for $5 billion in tax  Published: 12:27 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 13:02 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail 113 shares 109 View comments By GEOFF EARLE, DEPUTY U.S. POLITICAL EDITOR FOR DAILYMAIL.COM IN LAS VEGAS AND CHRIS SUMMERS FOR MAILONLINE  When Hillary Clinton wanted a new campaign website, she went to the top – enlisting former Google CEO Eric Schmidt to head up a technology effort, hacked emails reveal. Schmidt oversaw an effort that involved developing the early 'back-end' stages of a web site that would be a powerful tool to promote Clinton's message and harness the efforts of volunteers – while storing information on supporters. The details of the effort are outlined in a strategy memo authored by Clinton digital strategist Teddy Goff and sent to Clinton, according to documents posted on Wikileaks that were hacked from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's emails. The memo went to now campaign manager Robby Mook, longtime aide Cheryl Mills, campaign chairman John Podesta – whose emails got hacked – and Barack Obama campaign guru David Plouffe.  BIG GUNS: Hacked emails reveal former Google CEO Eric Schmidt's efforts to help the Clinton campaign develop its website 'I have been kept apprised of the work being done by Eric Schmidt’s group and others working directly and indirectly with your team. On the whole, I am comfortable with where we stand and confident in our roadmap to launch day and beyond,' Goff wrote Clinton in October 2014. The memo was reported by the Washington Free Beacon. 'We have selected a team of developers, unaffiliated with Eric, to build the front-end of your website – a relatively simple process that does not need to have begun yet,' he continued, saying he could use former employees of whom he had the 'highest confidence.' Goff wrote that 'we have instructed Eric's team to build the most important products in their portfolio – specifically, the back-end of the website, the ability to accept donations (along with associated features, most importantly the ability to store credit card information), and the ability to acquire email addresses – first.'   Among the 'PRIORITIES' listed at the top of the memo were: 'Raising lots of money,' 'Creating and distributing excellent content, for both supportive and persuadable audiences,' and 'Recruiting, engaging, and organizing volunteers and prospective volunteers.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'It ain't over till it's over': Obama quotes famous... Ready to rumble: Final pre-election battle comes to Sin City... Trump's campaign manager says he has a 'five-point plan to... Clinton gets NINE point lead in poll ahead of Las Vegas... Share this article Share 113 shares HUNGRY: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was 'hungry to learn' about 'how to move the needle' the needle on public policy, and sought a meeting with John Podesta Hillary Clinton received an update on digital strategy, a few months after former State Department Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills was lining up a meeting with Eric Schmidt Clinton campaign chair Robby Mook was also included in emails meant to line up meetings with Schmidt The memo also states that 'Working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture.' 'These partnerships can bring a range of benefits to a campaign, from access to talent and prospective donors to early knowledge of beta products and invitations to participate in pilot programs. We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle, but would encourage you, as soon as your technology leadership is in place, to initiate more formal discussions.' Schmidt, the CEO of Alphabet, Google's parent company, has been a frequent advisor to President Obama and Democrats. In another Wikileaks document released last week, Podesta wrote Schmidt in April of 2014 trying to set up meetings with campaign chief Robby Mook and longtime advisor Cheryl Mills. Clinton was presented with the digital strategy memo in 2014, when her presidential campaign was still being formed 'Robby is in Australia. Back the 23rd. We could arrange a call before or wait and do a meeting shortly after return,' Podesta wrote. 'Cheryl Mills is in town and I think it would be good for you two to talk. Her office is in Bethesda but probably could come down this afternoon. Up for that?' Schmidt responded that, 'Cheryl would be great to see; I have a meeting with President from 11 to 1145 and free after that all afternoon any time in the afternoon that is convenient for her is good for me.' The high-tech planning wasn't just academic. According to the memo, 'Quick Donate' functions in the 2012 campaign raised an estimated $115 million incrementally. Schmidt wasn't the only top tech exec closely inside the campaign orbit.  Facebook's founder Mark Zuckerberg sought advice from the chairman of Hillary Clinton's campaign about how he could get involved in politics and said he was 'hungry to learn', according to other leaked documents.  Emails from Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg to John Podesta, published by Wikileaks, suggested he was keen to influence public policy on issues like immigration, education and scientific research.  In one email, in August last year, Sandberg wrote to Podesta: 'Mark is meeting with people to learn more about next steps for his philanthropy and social action and it's hard to imagine someone better placed or more experienced than you to help him.' Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, left, endorsed Hillary Clinton in July. The leaked email suggested she contacted Clinton's campaign manager on behalf of Zuckerberg She writes: 'As you may know, he's young and hungry to learn - always in learning mode - and is early in his career when it comes to his philanthropic efforts.' Sandberg said Zuckerberg was keen to meet people who could help him understand 'how to move the needle' on public policy issues he cared about, such as 'immigration, education and basic scientific research'. The leaked emails supports Donald Trump's claims that Clinton is too close to those with vested interests, such as Zuckerberg, whose Facebook empire has 1.7 billion users globally. John Podesta (pictured, left) was Chief of Staff under Bill Clinton and is now chairman of Hillary Clinton's election campaign   RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'It ain't over till it's over': Obama quotes famous... Ready to rumble: Final pre-election battle comes to Sin City... Trump's campaign manager says he has a 'five-point plan to... Clinton gets NINE point lead in poll ahead of Las Vegas... Share this article Share 113 shares Hillary Clinton (left) and Mark Zuckerberg (right) both attended an event for scholarship student hosted by billionaire Carlos Slim's Telmex Foundation in Mexico in September 2014 The Guardian reported recently that Facebook could be forced to pay an extra $5 billion in tax after an investigation by the IRS. Facebook was accused by former staffers this year of suppressing conservative news from its trending section. The company denies that charge.  Earlier this month other leaked emails showed Sandberg had gave Hillary Clinton aides research on 'gender and leadership by women' as they put together the former first lady's presidential campaign.  After Sandberg emailed him Podesta wrote back enthusiastically (pictured), suggested times when he might be able to meet Zuckerberg  Sandberg met with Clinton insiders who would become senior staffers on the campaign a month before it launched, including pollster Joel Benenson. The day Clinton accepted the Democratic nomination for president at the party's quadrennial convention in late July Sandberg declared her support in a Facebook post. Politico reported last month that Sandberg is on the short list for Treasury Secretary if Clinton wins the election. Mark Zuckerberg (pictured centre, with the microphone) is reportedly keen to influence public policy on immigration, education and scientific research Sandberg and Clinton hug onstage at the Women for Women 20th Anniversary Gala celebration at the American Museum of Natural History in 2013  Read more: WikiLeaks - The Podesta Emails WikiLeaks Facebook Exec Shared Research With Clinton Campaign | The Daily Caller Sheryl Sandberg rising in Treasury watch - POLITICO Sheryl Sandberg: Facebook www.nytimes.com/... Facebook could face extra $5bn tax bill after US investigation | Technology | The Guardian Memo: Google¿s Eric Schmidt Working Directly With the Clinton Campaign Share or comment on this article e-mail 113 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (109) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body     DON'T MISS Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? How old do YOU feel inside? We all have an age we secretly think we are. Here five distinguished women reveal theirs... It is the 'subjective age' Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  'Hello, it's me...': Adele fans go into meltdown after cryptic TV ad hints the singer could be touring Australia for the first time next year Sparked a frenzy Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio Sizzling hot! Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas Aussie swimsuit model  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left 'She's talking to a therapist every day': Kim Kardashian 'still living in fear' after robbery but believes late father Robert watched over her during heist No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Sneak peek inside the new Hollywood hotspot where Kendall Jenner and Drake love to live it up like Gatsby Chandeliers and plush booths The world's her stage! Helena Bonham Carter embraces the moment as she mugs for cameras on NYC set of Ocean's Eight 'I'm sorry!' Dustin Diamond offers public apology to his Saved By The Bell co-stars  Decided to come clean, swinging by The Dr Oz Show Still got it! Ricky Martin, 44, posts steamy swimsuit photo as he prepares for the final leg of his One World Tour  In a reflective mood Awww! Hilaria Baldwin plants a sweet kiss on one-year-old Rafael as they spend the day together in NYC The 32-year-old looked great Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls true crime drama Unsolved to get pilot directed by The People v. O.J. Simpson vet Anthony Hemingway 'I still have work to do': Angela Simmons talks getting back into shape one month after welcoming her first child Opened up about life as a new mum Today's headlines Most Read Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for... Woman 'raped in a ditch for two hours after an illegal immigrant crashed his car into her vehicle and ran... Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on... 'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns... Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before... ‘I came here to kill you’: Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on... Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their... Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne... Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane... California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid... She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem... REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private... Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets... 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity... President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's... 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win... Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says... Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... Trump could shatter a different glass ceiling by naming first openly gay man to cabinet-level post – and... U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary... Be very careful of criticizing the incoming president: Kellyanne Conway issues warning to Democrat Harry... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The president-elect is considering COMMUTING to Washington by... MORE HEADLINES 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has his free Veterans Day Chilli's meal confiscated after elderly white veteran wearing Trump shirt complained to manager that black people 'didn't serve in WW2' Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after earthquake causes major New Zealand river to break its banks - as ANOTHER huge tremor strikes  PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The president-elect is considering COMMUTING to Washington by helicopter from his Trump Tower penthouse 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an envelope labeled "SECRET" and leave it in the Oval office': Twitter erupts with hilarious memes imagining Biden's last laugh at the White House FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration - as the family says his hotels don't matter next to the presidency Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his lifestyle' Revealed, the NATO slackers: Why Trump is so infuriated by countries spending less than half their fare share on European defence (and we should be too) Mother who let TIGERS, a fox, a cougar, monkeys and a skunk roam around her Texas home is charged with endangering her daughter, 14  Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Eerie prediction New Zealand would suffer a 'supermoon earthquake' SEVEN DAYS before the tragedy – as terrified residents film mystery blue lights in the sky during the tremors White high school teacher suspended after telling black students: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and get you sent back to Africa' NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her because he was unhappy about a 'rape' story she was running  Your gold door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Farage and his Ukip posse's astonishing coup as he became the first foreign politician to meet President-elect Trump  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Fresh Egg Integrated digital marketing Twitter Facebook Google + LinkedIn Call us on 01903 285900 Menu 01903 285900 Who we are What we do Our approach overview Analytics & insight Inbound marketing Content marketing Biddable media Search engine optimisation Conversion rate optimisation Web design & development Training Our work Our blog Resources Contact us Join us Podcasts Connect with us: Twitter Facebook Google + LinkedIn The Fresh Egg blog Latest digital marketing news Analytics & insight Inbound marketing Content marketing Biddable media Search engine optimisation Conversion rate optimisation Web design & development Training You are here: Home > Blog > Technical SEO > Google > Why Google’s Mobile Index Has Big Implications For Your Brand Why Google’s Mobile Index Has Big Implications For Your Brand Mark Chalcraft Technical SEO director 19th October, 2016 UPDATE: Since the initial announcement made by Gary Illyes at Pubcon, Google has released new information via its Webmaster Central blog. This clarifies that, rather than being two separate indexes, the existing index will become mobile-first. While this does not alter the principles outlined below in relation to a mobile-first approach to design and marketing, it does slightly alter some of the detail relating to how Google will assess and rank websites. Chiefly, it is understood that websites which present an abridged version of a page to mobile devices are likely to lose visibility when Google’s changes come into effect. A mobile-first index means that the way Google’s smartphone crawlers assess a page will have a greater bearing on how that page ranks on all devices. This does not change the fact that businesses which treat mobile as secondary will increasingly suffer in terms of their SEO performance. Like clockwork, the advent of a New Year heralds a raft of experts predicting that it’s finally ‘the year of the mobile’. The problem is that, for most users, the year of the mobile has long since been and gone. Rather than waiting for brands to get their house in order, Google is evolving towards a mobile-first approach to its search results. Businesses that live in a desktop bubble or don’t think mobile is important to their success are therefore likely to be in for a shock. There are two key ideas which we will explore here: What makes a website truly ‘mobile friendly’ Creating a mobile-first SEO strategy First, let’s look at what Google has planned. Google search is going mobile first During his keynote address at the Pubcon conference in Las Vegas, Google’s Gary Illyes confirmed that a wholly separate index for mobile crawl data will soon be launched and that this will become Google’s primary index. Google has long used a mobile version of its web crawler, Googlebot, which feeds data into a central indexing system. It is from this that its search results are generated. This follows another recent announcement that page loading speeds, a factor within the ranking algorithm, will soon be measured separately for mobile devices. These are major steps in an evolution towards a separate Google for mobile. The news that the new mobile index will be treated as the primary version, updating more regularly than its older desktop counterpart, shows in no uncertain terms where Google’s priorities are. This change presents a number of challenges: Mobile search results will increasingly differ to those on desktop Google will be able to cater to needs on mobile devices within its search results to a greater degree than it already does This has the potential to damage the visibility of sites that are not taking mobile seriously This should be no surprise - it was nearly 18 months ago that Google confirmed that mobile devices had begun to overtake computers in terms of search volume. Just a few weeks before this, the first version of the search engine’s ‘Mobile Friendly’ algorithm had launched. This was designed to favour pages that offered a good user experience on a mobile device within Google’s mobile search results. Google’s human evaluators have been provided with guidelines which have a strong focus on mobile. The AMP project is designed to speed up mobile browsing and provide a better user experience. There is no doubt that the majority of Google’s efforts are now directed towards mobile. This is being dictated by the different ways people use their mobiles to search. The obvious application is the ability to search for information on the move. Searches that would previously have required some level of forward planning, such as booking a table at a restaurant, can now be done spontaneously. The immediacy of information means that people no longer need to wait until they get home before searching. This has enabled the rise of online price comparison while out window shopping, to name just one example. Splitting out its operations in this way will give Google greater flexibility to cater its mobile search results towards these behaviours. What makes a website truly ‘mobile friendly’? Granted, most brands’ websites now meet a basic standard of usability on mobile devices. However, this is no longer enough. Many brands still treat mobile as a secondary consideration. While responsive design has become the most common way of serving different devices, many fail to give proper consideration to the differences between mobile and desktop browsing needs. This results in a ‘hack and stack’ approach where the site is designed primarily for desktop and this dictates the look and feel on a mobile device. Content blocks are simply stacked on top of each other to fit the narrower screen size, without any consideration for the users’ needs and interests specific to mobile. Mobile-first is an approach where the creative design process starts by designing for mobile phone screen size first. Ollie Battams, Head of Web Development at Fresh Egg, states that: ‘By designing to mobile-first, you will be forced to make decisions about what is really important, and what needs to be focused on from a users’ perspective. You will make decisions that you would never be forced to make when designing for desktop first. The result is almost always a focused, cleaner, and more usable design.’ The thought process around the content is structured is also focussed on mobile screens first. At Fresh Egg, we believe that to make a truly mobile-friendly responsive website, the following techniques need to be considered: Structure HTML for an adaptive website in order to optimize performance and prioritise flexibility Write CSS that defines shared styles first, builds up styles for larger screens with media queries, and uses relative units Write JavaScript to conditionally load in content elements depending on screen widths when the website is loaded Using a good quality fluid, proportion-based grid that allows you to prioritise and restructure content to suit a specific mobile experience Implement responsive images that only download optimised versions suited to a specific resolution and/or screen size Make content easy to read without having to pinch or zoom to do so. This can be achieved by using the right fonts and sizes for text that suit the size of screen Make sure that navigation designed and position intuitively and is easy to use on touch screens Build your website to be light in size. Site performance is a key contributing factor for people abandoning websites because they are slow As well as putting mobile-first thinking into place during the website design process, applying this principle to digital strategy is also essential. Creating a mobile-first SEO strategy A common feature among many of the businesses we speak to is how many of these think about desktop first and mobile a distant second when it comes to their SEO strategy. This is going to have to change, and quickly. But what does mobile-first SEO mean in practice? There is no one-size-fits-all in this respect. Different industries and markets will need to react in different ways depending on the specific needs of their customers. Understanding these needs is the first step. For example, consider the following questions: Do you know what days and times your target audience is most likely to search on a mobile? What search phrases are being used on mobile? What do they indicate about what those people need? At what point does mobile feature in people’s journey? Is it more likely to be the first interaction, or part of a longer engagement with your brand? We use a process we call Audience Intent Analysis to analyse questions such as these and develop actionable strategies. For example, within B2B markets it is not unusual to see spikes of relevant mobile search outside of business hours. For one client, we used search and analytics data to identify that this was happening during the morning rush hour – as people travel to work, they check up on the overnight news stories to ensure they are up-to-date before arriving at the office. This insight has increased the client’s awareness of how important mobile is. Even though the total proportion of mobile traffic to their site is still quite low, it plays an important role in customer satisfaction and retention. This has triggered a reconsideration of how to prioritise content on mobile page templates. Marketing strategies too often fail to account for specific behavioural triggers (what Google calls ‘micro-moments’) which lead people to Google while they are out and about. This results in content which does not serve users’ needs, and marketing activity which misses major opportunities. For example: Neglect of brand search and Google My Business optimisation can reduce the number of leads generated from people ready to engage with your brand The growth of the AMP project is opening up new ways for brands to provide a high quality experience catered specifically to mobile Lack of awareness of mobile behaviours can result in longer-form content where people are in fact looking for a very quick and concise solution With Google soon to prioritise mobile search above its traditional desktop offering, it’s vital that businesses and marketing teams adopt a mobile-first attitude towards their websites and marketing activity. Failure to evolve will leave them trailing behind. To discuss how Fresh Egg can help your business adopt a mobile-first approach to its digital strategy, please contact us. Share this post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Fresh Egg Ranks Second in The Wirehive 100 League Table For A Second Year In A Row Fresh Egg’s Attractive Content Test: Match or Make-over? Search blog Search Search Join in... Twitter Facebook Google + LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe for email alerts Subscribe × Want to keep up to date with digital news from Fresh Egg? Thank you. You have successfully signed up to the newsletter. Close window. There was a problem with signing you up to the newsletter. Please try again. Don't get left behind. Improve your knowledge with the latest digital marketing news & advice right in your inbox. Subscribe for email alerts Join newsletter Blog authors Categories Analytics Biddable Media Breaking News! Business Sectors Content Marketing Conversion Services Digital strategy Digital Trends Fresh Egg Culture Inbound Marketing Innovation Mobile Social Media Software and Hardware Technical SEO Google Hosting and Site Migration Indexing and Structured Data Links Local Search Search Algorithms Search Engines SEO Penalties SEO Techniques SEO Tools SERPs Web Design Web Development Recent comments Mark Chalcraft It really depends on the implementation you've used and at what point the JavaScript takes effect, … Seven_Spades I have a website which is taking data from two data sources. So primary data is from source A but if … J.T. Smith ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My site is a list-post type of site. The posts have a higher bounce rate, lower time on page, and lower … Mark Chalcraft Hi JT, thanks for the comment. Regards using JavaScript to collapse elements after the page load - … kataromantis I use jQuery to show/hidden post. It does't hurt SEO. Fresh Egg Integrated digital marketing Call us on 01903 285900 Offices in Worthing|London|Sydney Connect with us Twitter Facebook Google + LinkedIn Homepage Terms & conditions Cookie & privacy policy Domain name registration Acceptable use policy Accessibility Contact us © 1999-2016. All rights reserved. Designed by Fresh Egg for Fresh Egg VAT number: 750 4915 34 Company registration number: 3950929 Back to top
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Security How to configure G Suite for HIPAA compliance You can use G Suite and comply with HIPAA, but you'll need to spend some time configuring your Admin console settings. By Andy Wolber | October 19, 2016, 7:42 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Andy Wolber/TechRepublic If you're in healthcare and want to use cloud services, it's okay. That's the short version of the US Department of Health and Human Service's (HHS) Guidance on HIPAA & Cloud Computing. The longer, more detailed version is that organizations that need to comply with HIPAA (the US Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) may choose to use CSPs (cloud service providers) to store ePHI (electronic protected health information) as long as the organization and CSP sign a BAA (business associate agreement). That's good news for healthcare organizations that adopted Google Apps back in 2013, when Google first offered to sign BAAs. More about IT Security The 20 biggest tech disasters of all time Interview with a hacker: S1ege from Ghost Squad Hackers Subscribe to TechRepublic's Cybersecurity Insider newsletter Of course, your organization can't just sign up for G Suite, sign the G Suite HIPAA BAA, and call HIPAA compliance done. Your G Suite administrator still has to take several steps to secure your setup. As the HHS document puts it, "...certain access controls, such as authentication or unique user identification, may be the responsibility of the customer, while others, such as encryption, may be the responsibility of the CSP [cloud services provider] business associate." Google has responsibilities—and so do you. You'll need to customize your G Suite setup for HIPAA compliance. Be sure to read Google's implementation guide, HIPAA Compliance & Data Protection with Google Apps, to help you choose appropriate settings. In my experience, the following decisions and settings are too often overlooked. 1. Identify the people in your organization who handle PHI In a large healthcare organization, you've probably already done this as part of a previous HIPAA or risk management process. But you really do need to think through the question: "Who has access to PHI?" In a solo or small practice office, this might be everyone in the organization. SEE: IT Communication Plan: Raise security awareness with regular emails (Tech Pro Research) 2. Decide if you need to create Organizational Units for HIPAA compliance G Suite allows you to disable services for groups of people, based on organizational units. For example, you might choose to turn access to Blogger "ON" only for people who do not manage PHI. To do this, you would create an organizational unit—say, "Non-PHI users"—then put everyone in that unit who does not have access to PHI. (Note: if everyone handles PHI, you probably don't need organizational units for HIPAA compliance purposes.) Use G Suite's organizational units to group user accounts into distinct sets. For example, those who handle PHI and those who do not. Image: Andy Wolber/TechRepublic 3. Review all additional Google services Login to your G Suite admin console (https://admin.google.com), go to Apps, then Additional Google Services. To modify a setting for a service, select the vertical three-dot menu to the right, then choose either "OFF," "ON for some organizations," or "ON for everyone." For services that no one in the organization needs, choose OFF. For services that you want to restrict only to people who do not handle PHI, choose "ON for some organizations," then select the organizational unit (or units) you created that do not manage PHI. To allow access to a service for all, choose "ON for everyone." Review all 'Additional Google Services' and core G Suite apps. Choose settings to adjust app access to match your organization's HIPAA compliance needs. Image: Andy Wolber/TechRepublic 4. Review a few core G Suite apps Carefully consider Contacts, Groups, and Talk/Hangouts. Google doesn't permit people to use PHI in any of these services. You may choose to enable these services, as long as people don't use PHI in them. Be sure to communicate and verify that every person understands that absolutely no PHI is allowed in any of these apps. (Note: Google+ recently became a core app. I would tend to treat it much like Contacts, Groups, and Talk/Hangouts. Disable it if your organization doesn't use it. And if you do use Google+, make sure to keep any PHI out of it.) 5. Configure core services settings Next, review and configure the administrative settings for each of the following core apps (access these in https://admin.google.com/ > Apps > G Suite > then choose the app): Calendar Drive and Docs Gmail Sites Take a look at Google's HIPAA implementation guide. It suggests specific settings to review to protect your organization's data. Many of the settings determine default sharing and visibility options for files, for attachments, for pages on Sites, and for calendars and calendar events. SEE: Create an IT risk assessment program for SMBs (Tech Pro Research) 6. Secure your devices The HHS Guidelines state that you can access CSP data from mobile devices, "...as long as appropriate physical, administrative, and technical safeguards are in place to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the ePHI on the mobile device and in the cloud, and appropriate BAAs are in place with any third party service providers for the device and/or the cloud that will have access to the e-PHI." The document links to a page with several standard mobile security guidelines. In practice, this means you might also use the G Suite tools to manage and secure your mobile devices, too. I recommend that you: Require two-step authentication for account access Require a login on mobile devices Configure your systems to remotely lock, locate, or erase devices. The point of all of this, of course, is to take every step you can to secure PHI. Unlike a few years ago, it is no longer an unusual thing to use a cloud service provider to store sensitive data. What do you think? What customizations, changes, or additions have you made to G Suite for HIPAA compliance purposes? Click here to automatically subscribe to our Google Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Yes: Healthcare can balance mobility and BYOD with with HIPAA compliance (TechRepublic) Healthcare IT's battle to keep sensitive data safe (TechRepublic) 4 vital elements in a robust healthcare IT security strategy (TechRepublic) Security breaches: How small businesses can avoid a HIPAA lawsuit (TechRepublic) Google agrees to sign BAA as means to HIPAA compliance (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Andy Wolber Andy Wolber helps people understand and leverage technology for social impact. He resides in Ann Arbor, MI with his wife, Liz, and daughter, Katie. Full Bio Contact See all of Andy's content Google+ @awolber × Full Bio Andy Wolber helps people understand and leverage technology for social impact. He resides in Ann Arbor, MI with his wife, Liz, and daughter, Katie. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Latest Taraba govt urges FG to assist on road construction November 14, 2016 Taraba flags off fourth OBR polio campaign Pray for Buhari to succeed, Cleric urges Nigerians Five questions on the economy for President Trump November 9, 2016 Trump Preaches Unity In Election Victory Speech 01:07 am 15 November 2016 Home News News Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial E-paper Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Kiddies Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Abdul Mahmud Alabi Wuya O’Yemi Afolabi Olarinre Salako Yinka Odumakin Nigerian Times Lagos Times Abuja Times Kaduna Times Kano Times Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW China In Nigeria Google peps Nigerians on search engine News | October 19, 2016 | by ABU Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, the Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager, Anglophone West Africa, on Wednesday urged Nigerians to diversify on the usage of Google’s search engine. Kola-Ogunlade said in a statement that Google was not just a search engine, but could be a “Personal Person’’ to its users. “It is quite interesting to know that Google can be a guy’s interesting partner, helping one to get through the night’s outing. “So, you want to have some fun this night and cannot think of where to go? Stay cool. Google has got your back. “Google is not just a search engine. Many of us do not know that Google can actually become that “personal person” you can ask to help you for directions. “It can wake you up in the morning, suggest places you can go when you are bored stiff, maybe help you sound really urban and cool and act like you own the city,’’ he said. The Google manager said that there were eight ways the search engine could be one’s “Late Night Wing Man’’ when needed some after lights-out fun. He asked, “thirsty for a beer?’’, long press on the home button of your phone, and say: “Ok Google, show me bars close to me’’. Kola-Ogunlade said that if one does not want the Michelin tyres (fat) forming in the belly, but wanted fun and needed to count calories, because he is watching the diet, he should ask Google. “Here is the drill, OK Google, how many calories are in a glass of beer and the response comes out. “Calculating beer rounds should also not leave you dazed. It is not like you are drunk, not really drunk, it is just that Maths has never been your buddy. “You will not have to leave friends waiting any longer, just bring out the phone, OK Google 7000 divided by three,’’ Google’s Public Affairs manager said. He said “to kill nostalgia with Google, hit me some old time music, Ok Google music by Sunny Okosun.’’ Kola-Ogunlade said that in getting romantic, Google could help one to connect with one’s other partner with a clear voice. “Ok Google, send a sms to the person and then speak all the mushy-gushy feelings into the phone,’’ he said. The manager advised its users on ways to use the search engine in waking up early after getting into bed late. “What to do? Speak your wake-up time into your phone. Ok Google, wake me up for work at 7.30. And then sleep tight,’’ he said. Post Views: 61 Google peps Nigerians on search engine PreviousSee what Toke Makinwa shared on her IG post, asking her future hubby to be ‘to come correct’ NextIvanka Trump, Donald Trump’s daughter speaks against her dad’s ‘Inappropriate and Offensive’ P*ssy comments Related Posts Nigeria Unity Not Negotiable – Igbo Leaders Chinese Invade Plateau In Search of Minerals APC accuses Wike of squandering N150m on needless projects We’re committed to projects with capacity to create wealth -Ugwuanyi Latest News Nigeria Unity Not Negotiable – Igbo Leaders3 hours ago Chinese Invade Plateau In Search of Minerals3 hours ago LCCI president commends Adenuga’s uncommon entrepreneurial spirit in telco industry5 hours ago APC accuses Wike of squandering N150m on needless projects6 hours ago We’re committed to projects with capacity to create wealth -Ugwuanyi6 hours ago Facebook Tags ticker APC PDP Buhari INEC President Goodluck Jonathan Lagos Jonathan Nigeria Boko Haram Election Elections All Progressives Congress (APC) football Goodluck Jonathan © 1926 - 2016 Daily Times of Nigeria Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon
null
News Stocks Technology Healthcare Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeConsumerTaking on Apple’s iPhone: A Quick Look at Google’s Pixel (AAPL, GOOG) Taking on Apple’s iPhone: A Quick Look at Google’s Pixel (AAPL, GOOG) Pixel and Pixel XL is Google’s first attempt at building an Android Smartphone that might conquer leading competitors. October 19, 2016 WSP At last, Google’s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) very own smartphones are here and will arrive in stores just in time for the holiday season. There are actually two Google Pixels: the Pixel has the regular 5-inch screen while the Pixel XL is a larger 5.5-inch screen smartphone. Both are identical apart from the battery size, screen resolution, and price. Prices start at $649 USD while the XL variant starts at $769 USD. Here are the things you need to know before buying a Google Pixel. Performance & Display Both Pixels are evidently faster than the Samsung Galaxy S7. They have Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, 4 GB RAM, and deep black AMOLED screens. And with 1440×2560 pixels ~534 poi pixel density, these high quality screens will go with Google Daydream VR which will be released at some point next month. Camera While Samsung is the leading handset amongst the smartphone camera pile with iPhone 7 not far behind, the Pixels need to play smart. According to TechCrunch, Google Pixels have impressive cameras. But, users are advised to see for themselves how they compete with other counterparts. Back camera is 12.3 megapixels with f2.0 lens and two-way focus: face-detect and laser auto-focus. The camera has two-tone flash as well, but without optical image stabilization. Android Nougat Google Pixel is the first Smartphone to carry Android 7.1 Nougat out of the box. While it is a minor update to Android 7.0, the app shortcuts are great feature that is comparable to that of Apple’s 3D touch. Battery Life Sporting a non-removable Li-Ion 3,450 mAh battery, the Pixel XL has impressive battery life. While charging time is much slower than other Smartphone’s, talk time with 3G in the background lasts up to 32 hours, which is great for heavy phone users. The Pixel has 2,770 mAh, slightly smaller than the XL variety. Artificial Intelligence Pixels come with Google’s first built-in artificial intelligence Google Assistant. As with the voice-activated Google Now, this AI runs on natural language commands. It can understand certain degrees in communication like follow-up questions and humorous rhetoric, it is able to sort through schedules and tasks, and launch third-party applications. Google Assistant still runs in beta though, so misunderstandings with follow-up questions and commands might occur. Design Google Pixel was fully designed by Google, but it is manufactured by HTC. While the Pixels look much like Apple’s iPhone, the reality is that the latest smart phone models, nearly all of them are designed with a combination of metal and glass. Considering this is Google’s first try in the mobile area, it could find its own unique aesthetic in time. In terms of basic smart phone performance, Google Pixel is not far from other competitors. The past few years, techies seemed to have always compared Samsung versus Apple and vice-versa. The question now though is: can the search giant surpass Samsung’s hardware and services? Can Apple enhance iCloud and Siri before Google created what people really wanted? While the comparison game is on, one thing is certain, Google might finally have succeeded in creating a phone that would finally make users hesitate before buying an Apple or Samsung smart phones. GOOGL Previous article Next article Related Articles News Notable Upgrades: Navios (NMM), Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), American Eagle Outfitters (AEO), Visa Inc. (V) November 3, 2015 WSP Business Google (GOOG) Will Reportedly Let You Receive and Pay Bills Directly Inside Gmail: Report March 24, 2015 WSP Business FB Stock : Has Facebook More Upside Fuel? April 22, 2016 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest The Fed Faces The Donald November 14, 2016 Amazon Stock: 2017 Might Be a Year for Spending, Not Earning (AMZN) November 14, 2016 How to Play the Stock Market Under President Trump November 14, 2016 Falling Apps Or Rising Bots: Which Will Prevail? November 13, 2016 AI: One of the Biggest Threats to the Future of Humanity November 13, 2016 Markets SPY 216.59 +0.17 +0.08% Nikkei 17672.62 +0.00 +0.00% UK 6753.18 +22.75 +0.34% France 4508.55 +19.28 +0.43% Germany 10693.69 +25.74 +0.24% EUR / USD 1.0754 +0.0012 +0.11% GBP / USD 1.2518 +0.0022 +0.18% CAD / USD 0.7386 +0.0010 +0.14% AUD / USD 0.7574 +0.0018 +0.24% Oil Fut 43.69 +0.37 +0.85% Gold Fut 1223.50 +1.80 +0.15% Editor’s Picks A Solar Flare Has Cracked The Earth’s Magnetic Field November 8, 2016 The Matrix is Real and We’re All Robot Grub October 9, 2016 Beyond Software, Microsoft Wants to “Solve” Cancer (MSFT) September 21, 2016 Amazon’s Daring Move Could Mean the End of Cable Subscriptions (AMZN) September 19, 2016 Microsoft Plans to Turn the Seas into Giant Data Centers (MSFT) September 18, 2016 How Virtual Reality Gave Me My Brain Back (Samsung VR) August 14, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2016 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Apps Games Accessories Windows Phone Android Apple Nokia Software Sponsored Posts Search LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Mobiletor.com Apps Games Accessories Windows Phone Android 13 lakh Android phones in India infected by HummingBad malware Android Lollipop 5.1.1 starts rolling out to smartphones under Google’s Android… Mahindra XUV500 will be the first Indian car with Android Auto Android M launched: Here are all the details A factory-reset of your Android device doesn’t fully wipe off its… Apple iPhone 6 gets a price cut in India Airtel selling iPhone 7 for Rs 19990, sort of Reliance Jio, Airtel to offer free services on iPhone iPhone 7 India sales kick off iPhone 7 up for pre-booking on Flipkart and Amazon India Nokia Nokia phone saves man’s life Microsoft launches last ever Nokia feature phone Nokia C1 leak reveals new images and specs Nokia 230, Nokia 230 Dual SIM selfie-focused feature phones launched Nokia 105 dual SIM feature phone pops up for Rs 1419 Software India to receive updated version of Cortana this summer LG named leading OEM for beaming security patches to its Android… Android Lollipop updates for Asus ZenFone 4, ZenFone 5 and ZenFone… Cyanogen all geared up incorporate caller ID app Truecaller into its… A special preview of Microsoft Office 2016 is out now for… Sponsored Posts Home Google Google Pixel launch in India next week, up for pre-order Google Google Pixel launch in India next week, up for pre-order By Rohit Panshikar - Oct 19, 2016 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Set for launch next week, the Google Pixel and Pixel XL are up for pre-ordering in India through Flipkart. Those who’d rather get a feel of either phone before plonking down the cash for it can lay their hands on the device through Croma, Reliance Retail, Vijay Sales or any of the other physical outlets who will be stocking it. The price of the Google Pixel is Rs 57000, while the Pixel XL goes for Rs 66000. Flipkart is selling both with exchange offers up to Rs 27000. But unless you’re trading in your iPhone 6S Plus for the HTC-made handset, don’t expect a mega discount on them. The smartphone series has garnered raving reviews, and they boast of specs (see list below) worthy of the iPhone 7 or Samsung Galaxy S7. The Pixel and Pixel XL are the first handsets to arrive with Android 7.1 and Google Assistant AI. The only differences between the two have to do with hardware. The XL has a 5.5-inch 2560 x 1440p QHD AMOLED display and 3450mAh battery, while the other device has a smaller 5-inch 1920 x 1080p FHD AMOLED panel and 2770mAh cell. Google Pixel and Pixel XL specifications at a glance: – Android 7.1 Nougat OS – 5-inch FHD/5.5-inch QHD screen, Gorilla Glass 4 – 64-bit quad core Snapdragon 821 processor – 12.3MP rer camera, 8MP front lens – 32GB/128GB memory, not expandable – 4GB RAM – 2770mAh/3450mAh battery – 4G, Wi-Fiac, USB Type-C, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS Flipkart says that the Pixel smartphones will begin shipping on October 24. Google has not announced any official launch date for India though. TAGS Android Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Price specifications SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlePatna railway commuters embrace free Wi-Fi, mostly for porn [Update] Next articleReliance Jio free services offer open till December 3 Rohit Panshikar RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Google launches Pixel smartphone, India pre-booking from October 13 Google Play Music now available in India Google announces new products for India Trending India in talks to buy iPhone hacking tech used by FBI Rohit Panshikar - Nov 5, 2016 India is apparently keen to acquire the iPhone hacking technology used by the FBI in relation to the 2015 San Bernardino mass shooting case.... Lava Ivory Pop 7-inch tablet available for Rs 6299 Keval Shah - Nov 5, 2016 Although tablet shipments continue to decline worldwide, manufacturers are still taking a stab at the market. Lava Mobiles has announced the Ivory Pop retailing... TRAI orders ISPs to guarantee 512Kbps minimum broadband speed Rohit Panshikar - Nov 3, 2016 India may house the largest base of Internet users in the Asia Pacific region, but the broadband speeds available to us is among the... iPhone 6 gets a price cut in India Shreya Shetty - Nov 3, 2016 The 16GB version of the iPhone 6 has got a price cut in India and now costs Rs 33990 and less through online retailer... Indian students develop NeuroBuds earphones to detect panic and send SOS Sumit Chauhan - Oct 31, 2016 Four Indian engineering students have developed a special type of earphones called the NeuroBuds that can detect panic and send an SOS automatically. The... About Contact Privacy Disclaimer Sponsored Posts © Mobiletor.com 2016
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SuperMoon ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Android Apps/ Test Out Early Chrome Features With Canary on Android Test Out Early Chrome Features With Canary on Android By Stephanie Mlot October 19, 2016 11:18am EST 10 Comments Previously limited to Windows and Mac, Canary is now available on Android, but proceed with caution. When new ideas for Google's Chrome are just getting started—full of promise but also full of bugs—they get dropped in the Canary channel, or the "most bleeding-edge version of Chrome possible." Previously limited to Windows and Mac, Canary is now available on Android via Google Play. Keep in mind, though, that the experimental app has not been tested, and may fail to run sometimes. Google recommends it "for developers and advanced users only." New versions are built from the most recent code, and often contain new features, enhancements, and bug fixes. These builds, however, are shipped daily without manual testing, "which means [they] can be unstable and may even stop working entirely for days," Alex Mineer, Google APK administrator and bug basher, wrote in a blog post. //Related Articles Chrome 55 Promises Big Memory Boost "However, the goal is for Canary to remain usable at all times, and the Chrome team prioritizes fixing major issues as quickly as possible," he added. Because builds automatically dispatch every weekday (maybe on weekends in the future), users can also expect elevated data consumption—typically more than 100MB per week. Canary aims to help make Chrome for Android a better browser, so folks are encouraged to report any bugs they find. Click "Help & Feedback" in the app menu to disclose glitches and errors. Back to top Previous : Draw, Write On WhatsApp Photos, Videos Google Play Adds Subscription Promos Next : By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Explore the Red Planet in 'The Martian VR Experience' The $27 virtual reality game launches on Nov. 15 for PlayStation VR and HTC Vive. More » Google Play Music Serves Up Tunes With Machine Learning Subscribers can tap into 'richer' recommendations, a fresh user interface, and offline playlists. More » Samsung Eyes Car Market With $8B Harman Buy The transaction, expected to close in mid-2017, will give Samsung a leg up in the connected car mark... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
2016.11.15 화 로그인 회원가입 페이스북 트위터 인스타그램 구글+ 기사제보 독자투고 광고신청 구독신청 기사검색 + 박상진 고헌 박상진 박상진의사 전체 뉴스NOW 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 독자 기고 뉴스에세이 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 울산의 창 기타 정치 종합 지방의회 국회/정당 행정/외교 북한/통일 청와대 선거 기타 경제 기업 경제단체 금융/증권 유통 건설/부동산 해운/항만 농축수산업 중소기업 기타 사회 노동 환경/생태 교육 자치단체 검찰/법조 사건/사고 사회단체 기타 문화 공연 전시 축제/행사 향토문화사 문화재 문학/출판 종교 음악에세이 영남알프스 속살이야기 울산 방송가 연재 기타 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속 풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 사람과삶 사람과삶 외신 연예 방송 연예가 영화 음악 기타 스포츠 축구 야구 농구 골프 울산체육 기타 지방 부산 양산 기타 기획 기획특집 울산야생화 탐사 Life&Joy 부동산 건강의료 기타 생활정보 날씨 행사 경제지표 오늘운세 로또 건강생활Q&A 경매 생활법률 회화-중국어 회화-영어 고용/노동 Q&A 증권 정보과학 기타 열린마당 본사알림 알림 부음 결혼 인사 모집 독자권익위원회 청소년기자 뉴스 뉴스NOW 정치 경제 사회 문화 사람과삶 외신 연예 스포츠 지방 울산대리운전노조 “심야 이동권 보장하라” -프로배구- '바로티+전광인 쌍포' 한전, 우리카드에 설욕 '2위' 권력에 관한 우화 'THE K2'…시청률 6.2%로 종영 김유정·솔비·김규리…연예인들도 '분노의 촛불' 동참 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 뉴스에세이 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 독자기고 울산의창 울산의 안전 어디서부터 시작해야 하나? 침체된 울산 경제, 위기를 성장 발판으로 불안한 국정 연착(軟着)시켜야 트럼프 쇼크 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 삼성전자, 갤럭시S7 엣지 블루코랄 국내 출시 삼성전자, 갤럭시S7 엣지 블루코랄 국내 출시 '올 뉴 K7 하이브리드' 사전계약 실시 삼성전자, 최신 OS '누가' 체험 갤럭시S7 사용자 모집 기획 기획특집 울산야생화 탐사 Life&Joy 부동산 건강의료 쑥 캐던 처녀, 님 그리다 안타까운 죽음 생태기획-울산 야생화 탐사 <19>섬갯쑥부쟁이 증상 호전 후 최소 1∼2년 약 복용 침·부항·뜸, 근육긴장 해소·염증 치료 종아리 마사지·스트레칭 자주 해줘야 한의학칼럼-족저근막염 “변화하는 의료환경 발맞춰 지역민 건강증진 최선” 굿모닝병원 개원 16주년 기념식 성료 영상 신문보기 상단여백 뉴스NOW PREV NEXT '최순실 게이트' 특검·국조 합의…야당이 특검 추천檢 '문고리' 안봉근·이재만 16시간 조사…최순실 의혹 추궁 의총서 뭇매 맞은 秋…영수회담 카드 12시간만에 '없던일'로朴대통령, 회담무산에 정치출구 닫히나…'퇴진ㆍ대화' 여론변수 구름에 가린 68년 만의 슈퍼문…"아쉬움 속 18년 후 기약"서천 '철새와 함께하는 겨울여행' 출발 울산 태풍피해 주민 "구청이 책임 인정하고 보상하라"내일 반짝 가을추위 또 온다…"수능일에는 한파 없어" 쌍용차 "티볼리 고객 10명 중 3명이 ADAS 채택"'조선 3사'서 3분기에만 3천명 일터 떠났다 "전자담배 손댄 미성년자, 실제 흡연 가능성 최소 2배"새누리 "영수회담, 야3당 모두 참여안해 아쉽지만…긍정적" 朴대통령, 추미애 제안 영수회담 수용…"내일 양자회담"세계식량가격지수 석 달째 상승…설탕값 급등 '특정 후보에 유리한 왜곡 여론조사' 업체 前대표 실형朴대통령 자문의 "최순실, 차병원 사주 일가 소개로 만나" 靑 "박대통령, '잠이 보약'이라고 말한 적 없다""최순실 작년 봄까지 수차례 굿…올해 죽을 수 넘으려 사건터져" 국민신문고 접수 경찰민원 처리 절차 짧아진다법원 "고용부의 전공노 설립 신고 반려, 정당" 열기/닫기 닫기 뉴스NOW '최순실 게이트' 특검·국조 합의…야당이 특검 추천 1시간 전 檢 '문고리' 안봉근·이재만 16시간 조사…최순실 의혹 추궁 1시간 전 의총서 뭇매 맞은 秋…영수회담 카드 12시간만에 '없던일'로 1시간 전 朴대통령, 회담무산에 정치출구 닫히나…'퇴진ㆍ대화' 여론변수 1시간 전 구름에 가린 68년 만의 슈퍼문…"아쉬움 속 18년 후 기약" 7시간 전 서천 '철새와 함께하는 겨울여행' 출발 7시간 전 울산 태풍피해 주민 "구청이 책임 인정하고 보상하라" 16시간 전 내일 반짝 가을추위 또 온다…"수능일에는 한파 없어" 21시간 전 쌍용차 "티볼리 고객 10명 중 3명이 ADAS 채택" 21시간 전 '조선 3사'서 3분기에만 3천명 일터 떠났다 21시간 전 "전자담배 손댄 미성년자, 실제 흡연 가능성 최소 2배" 21시간 전 새누리 "영수회담, 야3당 모두 참여안해 아쉽지만…긍정적" 21시간 전 朴대통령, 추미애 제안 영수회담 수용…"내일 양자회담" 21시간 전 세계식량가격지수 석 달째 상승…설탕값 급등 21시간 전 '특정 후보에 유리한 왜곡 여론조사' 업체 前대표 실형 22시간 전 朴대통령 자문의 "최순실, 차병원 사주 일가 소개로 만나" 22시간 전 靑 "박대통령, '잠이 보약'이라고 말한 적 없다" 22시간 전 "최순실 작년 봄까지 수차례 굿…올해 죽을 수 넘으려 사건터져" 22시간 전 국민신문고 접수 경찰민원 처리 절차 짧아진다 22시간 전 법원 "고용부의 전공노 설립 신고 반려, 정당" 22시간 전 상단여백 이전 다음 Home 외신 Will driverless cars really save millions of lives? Lack of data makes it hard to know 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 메일 프린트 HOME 외신 Will driverless cars really save millions of lives? Lack of data makes it hard to know Online 워싱턴포스트 승인 2016.10.20 00:42 댓글 0 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 블로그 구글+ 글씨키우기 글씨줄이기 메일보내기 인쇄하기     ▲ An instrument panel illustrates the road ahead using autopilot technology in a Tesla Model S P90D vehicle. MUST CREDIT: Bloomberg photo by Christopher Goodney. Bloomberg President Barack Obama says automated vehicles could cut the yearly death toll on U.S. roads by tens of thousands. His highway safety chief talks about "a world where we could potentially prevent or mitigate 19 of every 20 crashes on the road." Uber says self-driving cars "can help save millions of lives" worldwide. Their message is clear: Robots will be better drivers than we are. But despite the excitement and the hype, top engineers and federal regulators face a basic problem. They're still struggling with exactly how to compare man (or woman) with machine. "One of the hardest questions to answer is, 'How do these cars compare to human drivers?' " Chris Urmson, then the chief of Google's self-driving car project, told transportation engineers in Washington, D.C., this year. "And part of the reason why that's hard is we don't actually have a good understanding of how good human drivers really are." One problem is that the U.S. government keeps no comprehensive database of crashes. That complicates what otherwise might seem to be a simple task: figuring out which vehicles are more likely to crash, human-driven ones or those run by software and sensors. Researchers at the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute, in a study funded by Google, dug into the data and discovered just how incomplete the federal numbers are. An annual national tally of crashes relies heavily on those reported to police. It understates the actual total of crashes with injuries by at least a quarter and "property damage only" crashes by anywhere from 60 to 84 percent, they concluded. And they consider those numbers conservative, given the mishmash of state reporting requirements and holes in the local data used by federal agencies. "It is crazy," said Myra Blanco, a senior Virginia Tech researcher who was lead author on the study. "We knew there were going to be some discrepancies" with other sources, but not that many. Many drivers prefer to keep crashes off the books, either because they can't be bothered to report minor run-ins or to avoid insurance premium hikes. The researchers cited an earlier federal analysis and telephone survey for the lower-end estimates of the underreporting. A bigger shortfall was revealed by in-car cameras that captured thousands of motorists in the wild as part of a major federal safety study. Even though they had volunteered to cooperate - and be recorded - some of those drivers failed to notify researchers when they crashed as they were told to. "As human beings, we don't want people to think poorly of us," Blanco said. But the cameras didn't lie: 84 percent of crashes weren't reported to police. Based on general accident data, Google's self-driving cars appeared to crash more often than cars operated by humans. But once the underreporting was factored in, they performed better than people. The researchers also noted that the self-driving cars were not at fault in any of 11 crashes studied. The small numbers made it statistically tough to identify "true differences," the researchers said. "We understand this is just directional, and we understand it's not definitive. But it's exciting and interesting," said Urmson, a longtime driverless-car leader who left Google this summer. Police-reported crashes reached 6.3 million last year, according to U.S. figures, about half the number reported to insurers. One federal study estimated 13.6 million total crashes in a year; Virginia Tech used an upper estimate of 29 million. Google wants the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to cut through the noise and create a comprehensive database or provide reliable sampling"in order to accurately benchmark the performance of self-driving vehicles." NHTSA chief Mark Rosekind said this summer that "equivalency" between human and machine is far from good enough. "We should not move forward when automated vehicles are just as safe - or really, as dangerous - as human drivers. They need to be much safer," Rosekind told industry leaders in San Francisco. He made it clear that how much safer was enough remains an open question: "Two times safer? Five times? Ten times? And what does 'safer' actually mean?" Road deaths, tracked in a detailed census, climbed 7 percent to 35,092 last year, and alarmed federal officials this month said they soared an additional 10 percent in the first half of 2016. Rosekind has been traveling the country asking manufacturers, software developers and safety experts some version of the same question: "What are the new safety metrics we need to be using now? Do we count by crashes? Do we count by fatalities?" He also pressed for ways to "count the lives saved" by the technology. In policy guidance for tech and auto companies released last month, federal officials laid out a 15-point safety assessment. Companies are asked to describe where and under what conditions their cars are designed to drive: for instance, in daylight on dry roads or in a particular city. Then they're asked to document how they know the cars will be safe. But officials didn't set out actual safety measurements, saying the federal government first needs to do more research, including gaining real world insights from the companies. Coming up with "performance metrics" was put on the list of "follow-on actions." Skeptics see this as a bad sign. "It actually speaks volumes when an agency says: 'Help us. We don't even know how to measure you,' " said Missy Cummings, who heads Duke University's Humans and Autonomy Lab and has warned that self-driving cars have been unleashed before being proved safe. "That's the job." Others called that an unfair swipe at a federal effort to tap the expertise of private industry in a fast-changing area. Federal officials say they want to avoid imposing half-cocked standards that end up stymieing innovation. They also say the regulator's traditional job description needs to be reexamined. "There's a tremendous power in harnessing this technology for good," said Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx. Regulations will come later, as industry and the department learn more, Foxx said. Although regulations in the past have generally been put in place after technologies have gone to market, Foxx said, the department is trying to shape safety on the front end. "But you can only begin at the beginning, and that's where we are today," Foxx said. Still, the question remains: How will the government know when algorithms are safer than humans? How will companies know? And which humans are we actually talking about being better than? "Twice as good as what? Twice as good as a 16-year-old? Twice as good as a 50-year-old?" asked Brandon Schoettle of the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute. Who you choose for the sake of comparison "really makes a big difference," Schoettle said. Complicating matters further, experience is just one of countless variables. Drunken drivers are involved in about a third of all fatal crashes, for example, dragging down the stats for the rest of us. "If you're an alert, attentive, sober driver, your risk is really low. You're really good at avoiding crashes," said Tom Dingus, director of the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute. "It will be difficult making automated vehicles that are as good at avoiding crashes as you are." Over 25 years, the average driver will successfully step on the brakes 3 million times and smash into the car ahead just once, Dingus said. Beating that performance in all conditions will be tougher than people think. In the meantime, there will be a range of designs and results, Dingus said. That's particularly true with partially automated cars, in which the human driver is supposed to be ready to take control at any moment. "There's likely to be good ones and bad ones. There may be some that actually increase crashes and not decrease them," Dingus said. Pioneering electric carmaker Tesla has collected tens of millions of miles of driving data from customers' cars to see how its semi-automated features stack up. Tesla says human drivers working with its "autopilot" technology are safer than humans driving alone, despite a crash death in May. The company noted that one person dies for every 89 million miles traveled on U.S. roads. "Autopilot miles will soon exceed twice that number, and the system gets better every day," Tesla said. The company says "both the frequency and severity of collisions" should be part of any metrics evaluated by the government. Whether or not they end up being required by law, "I think everybody agrees there need to be metrics" and effective tests to make sure driverless cars are "really ready," Dingus said. For now, the lifesaving promise of automation often gets boiled down to a single statistic: 94 percent. Obama, safety regulators, Google, Tesla and Uber all cite the number. It's the share of U.S. car crashes that, as Obama put it, are "the result of human error or choice," a catchall for the combination of imperfections, idiocies and tragic mistakes that hurt millions every year. It's a basis for the broad safety claims made by industry and officials. But knowing the depth of human havoc on the road is just the beginning. "It's too simplistic to think that because 94 percent of crashes are caused by human error, that taking the human out of the equation is going to eliminate 94 percent of the crashes," said David Zuby, chief research officer at the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. Tracking actual safety gains will be messy. For many years, humans may do better in some areas while robots outperform them in others. "You may just need to set up different comparison groups and convince yourself, 'Maybe in this one comparison we're not better than humans, but look at all these areas where our crash rates are better than humans,' " Zuby said. And as cars with imperfect automation are turned loose on the roads, which he finds likely, "it will be interesting to see how many crashes they really eliminate. There isn't really a good way to know that without seeing it." <저작권자 © 울산매일, 무단 전재 및 재배포 금지>  저작권 문의 워싱턴포스트 다른기사 보기 이메일 웹출판 :   2016-10-20 00:42   관리자 입력.편집 :   2016-10-20 00:39   김동균 기자 icon오늘의 인기기사 댓글 (200자평) 0개 전체보기 200자까지 쓰실 수 있습니다. 등록 ※ 비속어와 인신공격성 글 등은 바로 삭제됩니다. 특히, 근거 없는 글로 타인의 명예를 훼손하면 민·형사상 처벌을 받을 수 있습니다. [댓글(200자평)운영규칙 보기] 첫번째 댓글을 남겨주세요. 여백 여백 여백 회원사 한국신문협회 한국기자협회 한국사진기자협회 한국ABC 제휴사 중앙일보 워싱턴포스트 블룸버그 중국 長春日報 노컷뉴스 회사소개 광고안내 불편신고 제휴안내 개인정보취급방침 이메일무단수집거부 청소년보호정책 청탁금지법 현황 (44740) 울산광역시 남구 수암로 4 (템포빌딩 9층)  |   대표전화 : 052-243-1001  |   발행/편집인 : 이연희  |  청소년보호책임자 : 김동균 Copyright © 2016 울산매일. All rights reserved. 온라인 컨텐츠 및 뉴스저작권 문의 webmaster@iusm.co.kr RSS 서비스 Back to Top
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google AdWords > Google Keyword Planner Adds Import Keywords From Existing AdWords Campaigns Google Keyword Planner Adds Import Keywords From Existing AdWords Campaigns Oct 19, 2016 • 8:10 am | (1) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google AdWords Prev Story Next Story The Google AdWords keyword planner tool added a feature to get forecasts for campaigns or keywords from your existing accounts. Google announced this on Google+ saying you can now automatically import your existing campaigns into Keyword Planner. Google wrote you can use it to upload your existing keywords, inform budgets, and project the impact of adjusting bids. To help you save time when doing this, "Keyword Planner now lets you automatically import your keywords directly from your campaigns and ad groups into the tool," Google added. Here is a screen shot, look at the "BETA" option in the keyword planner start screen: Forum discussion at Google+. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google AdWords Click-To-Message Ads To Roll Out In Weeks   Comments: Robert Furst 10/19/2016 06:14 pm Is this an advertisement or a news story? I can't tell. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Facebook Messenger 1.3 Now Allows Sponsored Messages Digital Point Forums [Warning] CPAlead Became Fraud/Scam! DO NOT USE THEM! [Proof] need CPI network Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Pivotal Cloud Foundry available on Google Cloud Platform now The integration between Google Cloud and Pivotal Cloud Foundry is now generally available. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | October 19, 2016 -- 15:13 GMT (08:13 PDT) | Topic: Cloud Pivotal Cloud Foundry, a platform that's used to build cloud native applications, is now generally available to run on Google Cloud Platform. What's Hot on ZDNet Microsoft to replace security bulletin index with database-driven portal High performance computing (HPC): A look at what's next with TACC's Dan Stanzione If you want a MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas Researchers claim quantum computing breakthrough, explain it using beer The move gives Pivotal more access to developers for its platform as a service based on the open source Cloud Foundry project. Google Cloud Platform solidifies a partnership that'll give it more exposure to enterprises. Pivotal is part of the Dell Technologies family of companies. Pivotal Cloud Foundry has been available on Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. The deals with AWS and Microsoft Azure were forged in 2015. In a nutshell, Pivotal Cloud Foundry on Google Cloud Platform will have access to Google's load balancing, fast boot times, and pricing. The two companies are also integrating data and machine learning services as well as service brokers. Other Google services available to Pivotal Cloud Foundry customers will include storage, BigQuery, SQL, and APIs for vision, speech, natural language, and translation. The companies said engineers from both sides have been working on the integration tools for months. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Microsoft Azure adds Pivotal's Cloud Foundry Cloud Microsoft adds Outlook Customer Manager to Office 365 SMB plan Cloud Microsoft Azure: Cloud datacenter goes fully wind powered in landmark energy deal Big Data Analytics High performance computing (HPC): A look at what's next with TACC's Dan Stanzione × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Google's Pixel Phone Scores Highly In Pre-Release Reviews Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 19, 2016 11:24am   Comments Share: Related AAPL Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Stocks Narrowly Mixed In Late Trade; Nasdaq Lags, Apple, Facebook Get Hit Again (Investor's Business Daily) Related GOOG From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trump Presidency Risk On Internet Stocks 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades Growth Within The S&P 500 Follows Exponential Distribution (Seeking Alpha) Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s new smartphone made by its Google unit is proving to be a formidable competitor to Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), even though its new hardware hasn't been released yet. Google's Pixel and Pixel XL will be released on Thursday, and initial reviews are overwhelmingly positive. Cnet said that Google "stepped up to bat, called its shot and knocked it out of the park." The Google designed, engineered and branded smartphone will set consumers back $649 and boasts impressive software features, including the voice-and-search service called Google Assistant. Related Link: Google Unveils The Pixel Phone: Here Are The Features Overall, Cnet rated the Pixel as one of the best Android phones in the market but falls short of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. Needless to say consumers who are wary of Samsung won't find it much of a downgrade to select the Pixel. The Pixel, In Review Here is a summary of Cnet's key attributes for the new phone: Camera: Pixel's camera is fast, clear, colors look vibrant and takes better pictures than the iPhone 7 Plus. Integration with Google: Google Assistant is an artificial intelligence bot that makes use of machine learning and Google's own vast database to schedule reminders, look up facts, search for locations, set alarms, give directions and much more. Other Software: The Pixel runs a pure version of Android 7.1 called Nougat. The phone also includes messaging services such as Allo and a video calling app called Duo. Overall Feel: The Pixel is polished and well crafted with a more elegant touch compared to the Nexus devices. Alphabet's GOOGL shares were up 0.46 percent at $825.24, while GOOG was up 0.6 percent at $800.07 at last check. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: AlloAnalyst Color News Events Movers Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + GOOG) Negative Chinese Trade Rhetoric Comments Create Buying Opportunity In Apple Exclusive: Energous CEO Talks Dialog Semi Deal, Other Prospects Technical Alert: Apple Bruised From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trump Presidency Risk On Internet Stocks 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 PBR, MTL: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 3 JNUG, JDST: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 PG, BAC: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Tra... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Respons... 6 CRCM, QUOT: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capita... 7 BDC, ACM: Must Watch Stocks for Novembe... 1 MENT, LOCK: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 14 2 ABBV, GILD: Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvon... 3 GRUB: GrubHub Investors' Growth Expectations Have Gotten... 4 PBYI: Credit Suisse Says Gr3 Diarrhea Still A Concern For... 5 TJX, XRT: Jim Strugger's TJX Companies Options Trade 6 EEM: Todd Gordon's Emerging Markets ETF O... 7 GILD: Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For G... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Here's Why Coherus BioSciences Is An Underappreciated Biosimilar Pure Play Netflix Earnings Rally Not Over Yet, Hits New 2016 High
null
null
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 15, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Guide to Google ranking factors – Part 7: Site-level signals SEO 19 Oct 16 | Christopher Ratcliff Facebook0 Linkedin88 Google+21 Twitter 109 Last week we published the sixth instalment of our complete guide to Google ranking factors. It concentrated on trust signals, authority and expertise, paying particular attention to Google’s Page Quality Rating. This week we move away from on-page content, and dive into site-level factors. 1) HTTPS HTTPS adds an additional layer of security to a standard HTTP protocol by encrypting in SSL and sharing a key with the destination server that’s difficult to hack. Google wants to keep everyone safe on the Web, so it uses HTTPS as a ranking factor. Here’s Google’s 2014 statement: “We’re starting to use HTTPS as a ranking signal. For now, it’s only a very lightweight signal, affecting fewer than 1% of global queries, and carrying less weight than other signals, such as high-quality content.” According to Moz, as of 2016, HTTPS websites account for 30% of all Google search results. 2) Site speed Check the size of your page sizes and their load time. You can use Google’s own site speed test to do this. Site speed is a ranking factor, so follow any improvements Google recommends as closely as you can. 3) Mobile friendliness Ever since the initial ‘Mobilegeddon’ update which debuted on 21st April 2015, mobile-friendliness has been a significant ranking factor in Google search results. There are many ways that Google recommends in making sure your website is mobile friendly, and these are thoroughly explored in the linked article. However these elements are what you should pay attention to: Don’t use Flash Make sure your viewport is set properly Use large font Space out links and buttons Don’t use full-screen pop-ups 4) Sitemap Make sure your website has an accurate sitemap in both XML and HTML format. This will help Google index your webpages easily and comprehensively. You can upload your sitemap to Search Console, however most CMSs such as WordPress will automatically build a sitemap for you. 5) Schema markup You can make your search results appear more attractive by adding Schema markup to the HTML of your pages. This isn’t necessarily a ranking factor per sé, but rich snippets can encourage a higher click-through rate than results without the added information. Schema is also the preferred method of markup by most search engines including Google, and it’s fairly straightforward to use. For more information, check out our handy guide to Schema. 6) Accelerated mobile pages (AMP) AMP is Google’s open source initiative to help speed up the mobile web by providing stripped-down faster loading versions of a site’s existing webpages. Gary Illyes, Webmaster Trends Analyst at Google, stated during his SEJ Summit Chicago appearance that, “Currently, AMP is not a mobile ranking factor.” However as AMP results begin appearing throughout the organic mobile SERPS, time will tell how long it takes for Google to adopt AMP into its core algorithm. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin88 Google+21 Twitter 109 Related articles Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business How Black Friday can lead to valuable organic search opportunities Guide to 301 redirects and canonical tags This is how Google will present the results of the 2016 US election… 7) Links out to authority sites Although we’ll discuss the value of authority backlinks to your site in a later chapter of this guide, you should also be aware that linking out to authority sites can be a trust signal. Low value, untrustworthy websites with thin content will rarely link out to bigger publishers. However sites with well-written content, where sources are properly attributed and linked to, will be trusted. 8) Too many outbound links Conversely, loading a single webpage with a large of number of outbound (or even internal links) can affect the usability and readability of the page, especially if they lack relevance. 9) The number of pages on your site A large site with many high quality webpages will have a higher authority than a site with very few pages. That’s not to say that a weekly publishing blog can’t outrank a 10 year-old site publishing 20 articles a day, it’s just the latter will probably have more trust from Google. 10) Site downtime If your website experiences a lot of downtime due to maintenance or server issues, this can affect your ranking. It’s vital that you use a trustworthy hosting platform and your web developers know what they’re doing. For more chapters in our Google ranking factors series, check out: Part 10: backlinks Part 9: outbound links Part 8: internal links Part 6: trust signals, authority and expertise. Part 5: duplicate content and syndication. Part 4: content freshness. Part 3: quality content. Part 2: keyword relevancy, frequency and Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI). Part 1: on-page signals such as title tags, H1 tags and meta descriptions. Christopher Ratcliff is the editor of Search Engine Watch.You can follow him on Twitter: @Christophe_Rock Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading A Penguin 4.0 recovery case study We’ve had time for the dust to settle after the real-time Penguin 4.0 update was released. SEO 08 Nov 16 | Marcela De Vivo 10 useful tools for writing compelling content for SEO Almost 93% of all online experiences begin with a search engine and 70% of the links that people click are organic.* Content SEO 07 Nov 16 | Alice Clarke Guide to Google ranking factors – Part 10: backlinks This week in our guide to Google ranking factors, we tackle backlinks. SEO 07 Nov 16 | Christopher Ratcliff Guide to Google ranking factors – Part 9: outbound links This week in our series of Google Ranking Factors: outbound links. SEO 02 Nov 16 | Christopher Ratcliff Tags AMP | Google | google ranking factors | google ranking signals | schema | SEO Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. This is how Google will present the results of the 2016 US election… By presenting an animated gif of everybody screaming and crying? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/10/19/guide-to-google-ranking-factors-part-7-site-level-signals/ Send × Want to stay on top of SEO trends? Get top insights and news from our SEO experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
null
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders Review: Microsoft takes on TensorFlow More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Android IT Blogwatch By Rebecca Linke Follow About | A daily digest of IT news, curated from blogs, forums and news sites around the web each morning. We highlight the key commentary and demystify the real story. News Analysis Google Pixel and Pixel XL -- what reviewers think More like this Review: Google's new Pixel XL is a fine phone -- but is it really special? Pixel is the rebirth of Google's unrealized Motorola dream Some important things to know about Google's Pixel phone and Verizon... on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? Credit: Adam Patrick Murray Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments Computerworld | Oct 19, 2016 5:42 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Android Smartphones Google Comments We know the specs. We know what the expect from Google's Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. A 5- or 5.5-in screen for the Pixel and Pixel XL, respectively, an improved camera, Google Assistant baked in and prices starting at $649. But that doesn't tell us everything we need to know about the first Google-made smartphone. What really matters is what the Pixel is like to use. And as of yesterday, with reviews coming from every corner of the internet, we finally know. So, what's the verdict? In IT Blogwatch, we ask the Assistant for answers. So what is the general consensus? Well, it's good overall, although there are some outliers. First up, Alex Dobie shares his opinion: OK Google, make me a phone. ... The Google Pixel and Pixel XL deliver what we've always wanted from a Google Android experience: an attractive design, lightning-fast performance and unique Google features you won't find on any other phone...the Pixel nails the essentials, with good "all-day" battery life, cameras...and update support unrivaled in the Android space. Off to a good start! Who's next? Julian Chokkattu is likewise positive, but includes some important caveats: Google’s new hardware push is a unified effort under its relatively-new hardware chief Rick Osterloh...but...the company is alienating a lot of people who opt for more affordable devices. ... Still, we recommend the Pixel...because timely software updates and security patches are very important. The Pixel’s strong customer service is also a big plus...One fault people may bring up is the lack of waterproofing...At this price range, it should compete with devices in its category, and the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 are waterproof, while the Pixel is not. The price and the lack of waterproofing are definitely factors to keep in mind. So what do others think? Ron Amadeo thinks the software makes the phone worthwhile, but likewise includes some points to keep in mind regarding the hardware: The switch from "Nexus" to "Pixel" hasn't meant much for the hardware, but Google is...do[ing] something special for the software. Google's phones are switching from a showcase for "Pure Android" to a showcase for a distinctly proprietary "Google Android." ... The software on a smartphone is almost always more important than the hardware...and here, the software is excellent...Still, Google is just getting started...Android 1.0 was not an incredible piece of software, and Google Phone 1.0 is not an incredible piece of hardware. What made Android great was continual iteration and improvement...Hopefully, Google's hardware team keeps at it and one day justifies the decision to become a hardware OEM. These are all good, solid reviews. But are there any full-out glowing reviews? Jon Phillips delivers: In the Pixel XL we...have an Android phone that...competes with the iPhone in terms of holistic design. For this we can thank Google Assistant...there’s no underestimating the value of having Assistant baked directly into the home button. It really ties the room together. ... The Pixel XL...interface feels much less busy than competing Android skins...The phone is easy to use, but does a lot. And the Pixel XL...does feel almost iPhone-like in its marriage of hardware to software. It’s free of carrier and OEM bloatware, and Google’s own rockstar service (Assistant) is pushed to the fore. So are there any dissenting voices? Dan Rosenbaum hasn't jumped on the Pixel bandwagon just yet: The Pixel phones are an important jump up in class for Google, especially for users of Project Fi. But if you're not a Fi user, it's hard to recommend the Pixel...the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are great phones -- water resistant with fine cameras, excellent displays and wireless charging. Similarly, the HTC 10 is near the top of its class. ... The prices are more or less equivalent, and in my opinion, the Pixels don't quite measure up -- unless you feel that Nougat and the improved Google Assistant are deal-breakers...So from here, it doesn't look like the Pixels quite make it to the top of the heap. We have some positive, we have some negative. So what is the most important takeaway from all this? Casey Newton boils it all down to one very big point: Well the reviews are in, and the Google Pixel did not explode during the trial period. RELATED TOPICS Android Smartphones Google Previous Post Apple bolsters A.I. division by hiring first ever director of A.I. research Next Post Tesla's fully autonomous cars: How they work and when they'll be available Rebecca Linke — Senior Associate Editor Rebecca Linke is a Senior Associate Editor at Computerworld who writes about social media and personal technology. She also helps manage Computerworld's Facebook and Google+ pages. From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Go Top Stories DoS technique lets a single laptop take down an enterprise firewall Researchers have found a new attack technique in the wild that allows a single laptop to take down... The top 12 overused IT terms A lot of what we talk about in IT confuses the heck out of our business-side colleagues. Check your Facebook account right now; you might be dead Oops. Facebook made a big mistake. It is reporting that people are dead. Disputing Citi’s dispute change Citi has taken a step in the right direction by allowing cardholders to dispute charges from within its... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Business Tech Twitter's reputation for abuse is turning off potential suitors New, 35 comments by Rich McCormick Oct 19, 2016, 3:20am EDT share tweet Linkedin Drew Angerer/Getty Images Last month, it seemed that Twitter would be the next big acquisition in the tech world. Bids were reportedly being prepared for the service by some of the biggest companies on the planet, from Google, to Disney, to cloud computing giant Salesforce. But weeks later and Twitter remains on its own. No bids have been tabled, no acquisitions announced — in part, apparently, due to the service's reputation for abusive behavior. Disney worried Twitter wouldn't chime with its image Twitter's reputation as a haven for trolls was one of the key reasons both Disney and Salesforce declined to make bids for Twitter, according to reports from Bloomberg and CNBC host Jim Cramer. Citing people familiar with Disney's management, Bloomberg says the family-friendly animation giant had even hired two investment banks to work out a bid for the service, but eventually decided not to put a deal on the table, fearing that Twitter's sexist, racist, and otherwise unpleasant abusers would sully Disney's image. While not necessarily as family-oriented as Disney, Salesforce reportedly reached a similar decision on a Twitter bid for much the same reasons. Speaking on CNBC's Squawk on the Street, Mad Money host Jim Cramer said Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff had expressed concerns about Twitter's problems with user abuse directly to him. "What's happened is, a lot of the bidders are looking at people with lots of followers and seeing the hatred," Cramer said, claiming that Salesforce was "very concerned about this notion." Salesforce was "very concerned" about Twitter's "haters" Trolls weren't the only reason Disney decided against a bid for the service, Bloomberg says. Major Disney investors reportedly expressed doubts to the company about a potential purchase, with Twitter's $12 billion price tag looking a little too steep, even for an entity as huge as Disney. The two companies' CEOs share a connection — Twitter boss Jack Dorsey has said he sees Disney head Bob Iger as a mentor after he recruited him to Disney's board — but that still wasn't enough for Disney to look past Twitter's problems. Twitter has historically avoided implementing any major changes that would stem the tide of abuse that many of its users face on a daily basis. The company has seemed paralyzed, clinging to concepts of completely free speech hardcoded into its founding ethos, unable to actually find a solutions when it did make attempts to change, and always wary of making any major changes for fear that it may inhibit growth. Ironically, that fear of inhibiting growth may actually be the thing that stops Twitter growing at all, as companies looking from the outside in continue to see an increasingly unattractive prospect. Source: Bloomberg More From The Verge A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to the Mac Google Play Music gets a total overhaul Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 0 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Tech Samsung Samsung Pay now has its own rewards program by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Samsung Pay is launching a rewards program that will give you points on every purchase you make using the service, in an attempt to incentivize customers to use its mobile payment product. Users can accrue points for every purchase made through... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student World’s first prof of crystal engineering at new Limerick hub Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Rural Ireland has a huge economic opportunity, says Google chief by John Kennedy 19 Oct 2016353 Shares Geography is no longer a restricting factor as long as Ireland continues investing in future-proofing broadband connectivity. Loch Hyne. Image: Phil Darby/Shutterstock The digital economy is a major opportunity to supercharge rural Ireland, according to the head of Google Ireland, Ronan Harris. Harris was speaking ahead of National Digital Week which coincides with the second call of the Skibbereen-based Ludgate seed capital fund, valued at €450,000. National Digital Week aims to develop entrepreneurship by making digital accessible for all, and is the only event of its kind in a non-urban area in Ireland. ‘At Google we believe that there is a huge economic opportunity for rural Ireland as more and more people build successful businesses online’ – RONAN HARRIS Between 10 and 12 November, some 1,600 entrepreneurs, digital marketers, technology enthusiasts and those embarking on a digital journey will descend on Skibbereen in Cork. National Digital Week 2016 is attracting over 80 speakers including Ben Verwaayen, former CEO of Alcatel-Lucent and founding partner of Keen Venture; Mark MacGann, senior board advisor at Uber; David Puttnam, Ireland’s Digital Champion and Oscar-winning film producer; Gráinne McCarthy, London Bureau Chief at Wall Street Journal; and Ronan Harris, VP of Sales at Google EMEA and head of Google Ireland. Established in 2015, the 10,000 sq ft Ludgate digital hub at the refurbished Old Bakery building is to create 500 new jobs over the next five years, with an initial 75 or more jobs guaranteed in the start-up phase. “At Google, we believe that there is a huge economic opportunity for rural Ireland as more and more people build successful businesses online,” said Harris, who recently described Ireland as the data capital of Europe. “Skibbereen is leading the way and we’re delighted to bring the Google stage to National Digital Week. We’ve gathered together some of Ireland’s leading online entrepreneurs to share their insights, and the Google stage will be a hive of innovation and inspiration for entrepreneurs looking to expand their businesses on mobile and using YouTube.” Gigabit society Opened in July, the Ludgate Digital Hub is the first rural hub to receive a 1Gbps provided by Vodafone, as the town is connected to Siro’s 100pc fibre-optic broadband network. “Vodafone is focused on and committed to delivering a ‘gigabit society’ in Ireland; where access to 1Gbps broadband speed is accessible, regardless of where in the country a person lives,” Vodafone Ireland CEO Anne O’Leary explained. “The benefits of connectivity through high-speed broadband to homes and businesses countrywide is huge in terms of bridging the urban/rural digital divide and facilitating economic recovery,” said O’Leary, who will be speaking at National Digital Week. Geography is history “It is great that Skibbereen is taking such a leadership position in the transformation of rural Ireland into a gigabit society,” said co-organiser Callum Donnelly. “In rural Ireland, we have so many talented people of all ages. However, talent often leaves our communities. National Digital Week is about rebranding rural Ireland as a location in which people can stay by choice to establish businesses, that can scale, employ skilled employees, and compete at a global level – that is the beauty of digital. “Geography is no longer a restricting factor as long as Ireland continues investing in future-proofing broadband connectivity. “National Digital Week combines tech with the beauty of West Cork, and we are confident that the three days we have mapped out will provide an inspirational platform for attendees to learn and share the latest thinking for thriving in our ever-evolving digital economy.” In-Depth: More on Vodafone Related: SIRO, Google, Vodafone, broadband, e-commerce Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Business Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland 6 days ago243 Shares Hiring Now Be part of a globally successful team Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Help us change the way money works A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Comms Vodafone reveals data harvest doubled at Ploughing Championship 19 Oct 20163 Shares Jobs Vodafone plans to increase Irish workforce to 2,000 employees 4 Oct 2016225 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Comms SIRO signals plans to bring broadband to 300 small towns across Ireland 21 Sep 2016219 Shares Comms Siro connects with Carnsore Broadband to light up Wexford 27 Oct 201653 Shares Comms Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 7 hours ago8 Shares Latest News Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 7 hours ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 7 hours ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 7 hours ago World’s first prof of crystal engineering at new Limerick hub 8 hours ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 11 hours ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 11 hours ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 12 hours ago Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure 13 hours ago The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 13 hours ago Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? 13 hours ago 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach 14 hours ago Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars 15 hours ago MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? 15 hours ago 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement 15 hours ago 5 cool Christmas gift ideas for children learning to code 15 hours ago Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal 15 hours ago Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections 15 hours ago Insulin pioneer Frederick Banting celebrated with Doodle 16 hours ago DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats 16 hours ago Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training 17 hours ago Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 3 days ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 3 days ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 3 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Internet Google now lets you book an Uber, Ola straight from search Internet Google now lets you book an Uber, Ola straight from search By Sohil Nikam - Oct 19, 2016 Google has announced a new feature which allows people to book an Ola or Uber straight from search results. The latest addition comes amid a flood of changes meant to make its popular search engine more useful to Indians. To recall, Google Maps had gained a similar ability a few months ago. In addition to the standard walking and public transit tabs, the brand had inserted a dedicated tab for ride services like Uber and Ola. It’s now decided to expand this tool to its Google Search app and a phone’s mobile search browser. To trigger the new skill, all an individual has to do is ask for directions to a location. The action will open a new list of options detailing the fares and pick up times for Ola and Uber cabs near them. Alternatively, people can just type in something direct like ‘taxi to Bangalore airport’ or ‘Uber to Mumbai airport.’ Also Read: Google Flights now warns you when plane fares will increase Once a person has chosen which cab service they want to travel by, they’ll be redirected to the Uber or Ola app. Google will offer up a link to install either tool if it isn’t already present in their smartphone. The company recently introduced a new feature which allowed users to order food or book a table at a restaurant directly from a search results page. Seeking out a nearby restaurant in Google Search now prompts a new ‘Place an order’ option which can be utilized to get food delivered via applications like Zomato or Swiggy. Again, consumers will be redirected to the respective app to actually place the order. TAGS Google Google Search Ola Uber SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleApple to refresh Mac lineup at October 27 event Next articleSamsung Galaxy On Nxt coming out on October 20 Sohil Nikam RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Mark Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook content is real, denies fake news influence Google won’t build ad-blocking software into Chrome Mark Zuckerberg among others declared dead by Facebook 246,421FansLike 13,718FollowersFollow 12,852SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More 9 Awesome iPhone 8 Concepts Sohil Nikam - Nov 14, 2016 0 OnePlus 3T gets leaked ahead of launch Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 AI-infused Google Play Music now recommends songs based on you activities Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 19 GOOG: 801.56 6.30 PSA: Google’s Live Cases are now available to order for the Pixel/Pixel XL Ben Schoon - 4 weeks ago @NexusBen Android Google Pixel live cases View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Last year Google announced live cases — a customizable case that you can create pretty much however you’d like with photos, designs, and even maps. These were originally available only for the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P, but as we saw a couple of weeks ago, Google is also bringing these to the new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. Pixel devices are set to start shipping in just a few days (hype!) and now Google’s Live Cases are finally available for order on Google’s new, very well-received smartphones. With the Pixel and Pixel XL, Google has introduced some new options for Live Cases. Just like before users can create custom designs based on places or photos, but now you can also select from a collection of 30 custom “Artwork” designs. These designs are based on art and photography from artists such as Justin Maller, Chris Hadfield, and Gray Malin, as well as collaborations such as FAILE and Friends With You. Live Cases run $40 a piece for all models. If you’re ordering a case for your Pixel or Pixel XL, the case will ship in about 2-3 weeks. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide live cases View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
World Trademark Review Login Reset password Toggle navigation Home Home Magazine Blog Market intelligence Top TM professionals Research Legal updates Events International directory Media Trademark bidders are back with a vengeance: report reveals the revenues lost by brands 19 Oct 16 < Back to Blogs Trevor Little New research reveals that, after a decline across the previous two quarters, in Q3 2016 the number of third-party advertisers bidding on trademark terms on Google jumped 32%. Across the search engine landscape, such bidding resulted in 2.5 billion impressions – and 38 million clicks – being lost by brands. The study, from monitoring firm BrandVerity, evaluates the paid search landscape on keywords related to over 250 consumer-facing brands from 10 different industries. Its aim is to ascertain what types of ads appear on search engines when users search for the respective brand terms. It therefore considers three types of ad – those placed by brands on their own brand-related terms (brand ads), ads placed on a brand’s keyword by a third-party advertiser which the brand’s trademark is also used in the ad copy (trademark use) and those placed on a brand’s keyword by another advertiser that does not then include the trademark in its ad copy (no trademark). In overall terms, the ‘trademark use’ and ‘no trademark use’ segments rose by 32% on Google in the third quarter of this year. The report speculates that this may be a result of advertisers adapting their campaigns to Google’s Expanded Text Ads, but whatever the reason it highlights that brands need to be wary of how their terms are being used (particularly as we head into the fourth quarter and the inevitable online scramble to capitalise on Black Friday and the Christmas sales period). While numbers were down on Yahoo (attributed to its continually changing ad platform) a spike was also experienced on Bing, with ‘trademark use’ up 16% and ‘no trademark’ up 43%. Across the industry segments analysed, trademark bidders snagged 2.5 billion impressions, and 38 million clicks, from brands. Drilling down into specific sectors, the research reveals that clothing and apparel brands are amongst hit hardest by third-parties bidding on their trademarks – the study calculates that, per brand, 60,800 clicks were lost, which relates (based on a 5% conversion rate) to 3,040 lost customers and (on a $71 average order spend, based on rjmetrics.com’s industry statistics) $216,000 in lost revenue.  Meanwhile, 191,000 clicks were lost by internet and telecom brands, equating to 9,550 lost leads. Elsewhere the average online retail brand was found to have lost 37,500 clicks, resulting in an estimated $140,000 loss across the quarter.   While overall brands bidding on their own terms was greater than that by third-parties, in four sectors (‘home services’, consumer electronics’, ‘insurance’ and ‘software, web and technology’) third-party advertisers using trademark terms were more active in bidding on brand-related terms. For those in the software, web and technology sector the result was an average loss of 76,400 clicks per brand. Home service brands each lost an average of 940 leads, while insurance companies lost 742. The figures, which relate to just one three month period, provide a sobering insight into the potential lost revenue suffered by brands to third-party bidders. Of course, not all such trademark term use will be infringing but it highlights the need to monitor brand use and identify who is bidding on your terms. To that end, a separate report from BrandVerity makes for interesting reading, as it identifies the six main types of trademark bidders – suggesting that not all of this lost revenue is truly lost. The six are: Tracking link affiliates (which, typically, receive a percentage of the revenue that results from a later transaction on the brand’s website, effectively operating as an intermediary). Lead generators (which seek to collect information from prospective customers and sell that information to brands). Channel and other marketing partners (which sell products and services on behalf of brands – this group includes resellers, authorised dealers, online travel agencies and franchisees). Comparison shopping engines (which offer pricing comparisons of various products, with visitors potentially later redirected to the brands website, with the engine receiving a fee for the click). Search arbitragers (whereby an advertiser places a search ad that leads to a landing page featuring other ads, the arbitrager seeking to earn ad revenue resulting from visitors clicking on links). Direct competitors. A number of the above, then, may later redirect leads to the brands in question; however in many instances they do so at a cost that wouldn’t have been borne if the customer had navigated direct to their site. Additionally, one group not explicitly named in the above are those bidding on trademark terms in an effort to sell counterfeit goods, a concern whichever trademark bidding camp they fall into. Ultimately, the report serves to highlight the revenue and business leads that are being lost to third-party bidders. Such data – which should also be of concern to marketers, business development units and senior management - may therefore prove a useful tool when seeking budget to fund online monitoring programmes. Channels Internet issues Comments Please log in or register to leave a comment. There are no comments on this article Share this article Search blog Keyword search Channel ------- Administration/management Appointments Assignment Brand Brand management Brand strategy Brand value Business strategy Cancellation Certification/collective marks Confusion Counterfeiting Court system Cybersquatting Design Dilution Domain names Enforcement Examination/opposition Fees Geographical indications/appellations of origin Governance Government/policy gTLDs Hyperlinks Infringement In-house issues International International procedures Internet issues IP offices IP outsourcing Jurisdiction Keywords Law firm news Licensing Mergers and acquisitions National National procedures Non-traditional marks Other issues Other transactions Ownership changes Parallel imports Passing off Policy Portfolio valuations Private practice issues Publicity Rebrand Registration Related rights Social networks Studies/research Supranational Taxation Team structure Trade dress Trademark portfolio management Typosquatting Unfair use User generated content Virtual worlds Jurisdiction ------------ Australia Brazil British Virgin Islands Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands China Croatia Denmark Dominican Republic EU France Gambia Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia International Iran Ireland Italy Japan Kenya Korea Kuwait Malaysia Mexico Myanmar Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Oman Panama Philippines Russia Singapore Slovakia South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Trinidad and Tobago UK USA Vietnam Archive ------- >= November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 <= March 2016 Related content Brand traffic lost due to trademark bidding in keyword advertising revealed China: the search for results Keyword advertising in the European Union United Kingdom: Comparative advertising and enforcement in the United Kingdom Navigating a complex advertising environment More from today's WTR Daily $18 billion in sales makes for Alibaba’s biggest-ever Singles Day – but what cut is going to counterfeiters? A banana war in The Hague OAPI rewards cash prizes to distinctive marks; urges others to follow suit Refiling of previously refused trademark applications now allowed Popular blogs Adult site “honoured” by YouTube Red association; opinion split on brand strategy How domain squatters targeted candidates during the 2016 US election What a Clinton or Trump presidency could mean for US trademark owners ECJ delivers blow to Rubik’s Cube; fears raised that decision paves the way for increased counterfeits “I’m the Banksy of trademarks” – millionaire applicant of NASTY WOMAN regards cease-and-desist from Beyoncé as “great marketing” More from our authors Jack Ellis Lise Charles Tim Lince Trevor Little Register for more free content Read more World Trademark Review blogs and articles Receive the editor's weekly review by email Register now   About Advertise Contact Subscribe Faq Blog WTR 1000 Market intelligence Research International directory Weekly newsletter Terms & conditions Cookie policy Intellectual Asset Management IP Hall of Fame WTR Industry Awards Events IPBC © Copyright 2003-2016 Globe Business Media Group
CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Mobile Phones Just how good is the Google Pixel's camera? Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Read full review Prev Next Next Prev Next 1 of 25 Just how good is the Google Pixel's camera? We took the Google Pixel out for a spin in San Francisco, and its camera blew us away. Read Less Capturing SF with the Google Pixel In addition to its sleek design and pure Android software, the Google Pixel (and its larger counterpart, Pixel XL) totally impressed us with its camera. To test out how well it took photos, I took it out for a whirl around San Francisco. All shots were taken in HDR+Auto mode at full resolution. None of the pictures have been edited or cropped. To read more about the phones, check out CNET's reviews linked above. And if you want to see how well the camera did against the Apple iPhone 7 Plus (another phone with a superb camera) check out our shootout here. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Josh Miller/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Visiting Sutro Baths This is an easy one: Lots of natural sunlight and interesting scenery made this photo a breeze to capture. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Tiny little leaves In this closeup shot, the small leaves in this plant are well defined and sharp. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Inside the Taco Shop at Underdogs Though you can't really tell, this taco shop was dimly lit, though there was light coming in from the open door behind me. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Aint' nothing but a hound dog Unsurprisingly, this basset hound was a slow mover, so it wasn't difficult to snap a good sharp shot. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) The mood at Yancy's Saloon This bar scene was taken at night, and it was extremely dark. The Pixel managed to brighten up the environment a lot, and you can even see some details in the framed photos in the background. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) 50 shades of yarn The camera was able to capture the subtle nuances in the different shades of grey yarn. At full resolution, you can also see the detail in the fibers. I touch focused the camera at the center of the frame, so the edges are a little blurred to the left. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Post-lunch selfie Here, the front-facing camera is used in a dimly lit restaurant. Aside from brightening up the scene, the lens is also wide enough to fit a lot of content in the frame. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Picking up a pine cone The camera was able to capture the fine detail of the pine cone. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) A succulent at night It's hard to tell, but I took this photo at night with little light around me. Though there is a lot more digital noise, this is still a clear shot. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) The greenery at Golden Gate Park Another easy scene in broad daylight, but the HDR rendering does give it a surreal, artificial look. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Josh Miller/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Delicious chips and salsa This photo was taken in a dimly lit restaurant, but you can still see the fine detailing in every chip and tomato chunk. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Another look at the chips Another shot of the chips. The scene in real life was much more darker than this photo lets on. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Night time in SOMA Here, the light sources in this night shot are evenly exposed with little light flare. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Posing at the steps A regular portrait shot: Skin tone looks even and there's a lot of depth to this picture. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Josh Miller/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Great pose, bad Lens Blur The camera's major weak spot is Lens Blur, an optional mode that uses software to blur out the background for artsy images. However, results are inconsistent, and you can see how wonky it is around this model's hair. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Vanessa Orella/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) The nursery at General Store Another outside shot. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Josh Miller/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) A close-up shot of the crevices Close-up detail in a tree bark. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Looking towards the light This setting had some tricky lighting as I was facing towards the sun. The scenery, however, looks evenly exposed. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Josh Miller/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Setting up shop A well-lit shot indoors. I focused the camera onto the center bottles of ink in the middle shelf. As a result, the edges are a blurred. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Flowers in the breeze Though the flower was moving constantly due to a light breeze, I managed to take a sharp picture of it. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Street art at night Though you can't quite tell, this mosaic was taken outdoors at night, with little to no light around. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) My allegory Here is another scene with tricky lighting. I was inside a cave pointing outward. The camera managed to take a neat shot. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Prickly picture A close-up shot of a cactus outdoors. I like the soft focus in the background and you can see a lone strand of fiber (hair?) stuck between the spines. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) A very unoriginal shot I really like how the detailing in the pebbles turned out in this #basic shot. Read full review Published: October 18, 2016 6:00 AM PDT Photo by: Lynn La/CNET / Caption by: Lynn La Editors' Rating MSRP: $649.00 Amazon.com $799.99 See it Verizon Wireless $649.99 See it Google Store $649.00 See it See all prices Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Related Review Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) Hot Galleries See all The best Black Friday deals on laptops, tablets and PCs Laptops Daydream believer: The 15 best Google VR apps you can install right now Virtual Reality Apps Best Black Friday Headphone deals Headphones Lotus returns with restyled, more powerful 2017 Evora 400 Coupes Submarines: Keepers of the nuclear apocalypse Tech Culture Best Black Friday deals for smartphones Phones Cheap TV deals of Black Friday 2016 (plus our favorite picks) TVs The 25 greatest alien encounter movies, ranked Sci-Tech Need a new phone? CNET's LG V20 Giveaway We are giving away two units of the new premium phone from LG that comes with Android Nougat and two rear cameras. This sweepstakes ends on November 17, 2016. ENTER HERE Hot Products Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 review: Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack $649.00 4.5 stars Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 review: Nailed it $469.99 4.5 stars Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) review: The best iPad ever can't quite kill your laptop -- yet $538.00 4.5 stars Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 4 review: Still the king of tablet PCs $639.00 4 stars Cree Connected LED Bulb The right smart bulb for the right price $19.99 4.5 stars
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home Technology Google’s flagship Pixel XL sets the new standard for Android smartphones Google’s flagship Pixel XL sets the new standard for Android smartphones Google’s previous hardware forays were more concept products for Android; the new Pixel line of smartphones is the real deal Oct 19, 2016 Peter Nowak   0 The Google Pixel and Pixel XL. (Google) As it stands, most smartphones on the market are remarkably alike, with only a few individual, often gimmicky features setting them apart. Phone A might have a better camera while Phone B packs a nicer screen. Phone C might do something cool, like open your flashlight app with a twist of your wrist. Playstation VR proves the appeal of virtual reality, with some growing pains I’ve been waiting for that one device to put it all together into one package – not just a smartphone that’s stacked to the gills with features, but one that combines the things I actually want and can use. The Google Pixel, at long last, is that phone. The replacement for the now apparently retired Nexus brand, the Pixel is Google’s first official in-house effort at a high-end smartphone. There were Nexus devices preceding this one, but they were essentially Google software showcases with third parties such as HTC and LG handling the hardware. Google also produced a device of its own, sort of, via its ownership of Motorola for a few years, but that was something of an arms-length relationship between the two companies. The Pixel is the first real deal effort by Google’s new internal hardware division, and it’s a great one. I’ve been a fan of Motorola phones since the company’s first release under Google in 2013. The Moto X touted pure Android without a lot of the crapware that many other manufacturers add in. It was also headlined by a few nifty and useful features, including an always-on display that flashed notification snippets and an always-listening assistant that could respond to commands without your having to even touch the phone. Google, which raided some of Motorola’s talent as it sold the company to China’s Lenovo in 2014, has brought some of that along into the Pixel. The notification snippets aren’t there, unfortunately, but the always-listening function is. And it’s fantastic. Review: iPhone 7 brings controversial changes-and welcome ones too It’s one of those features that wows friends and families. What’s that? Mom wants to know how long it takes to get up north? Let’s ask the phone: “Okay Google, how far is it to Huntsville?” The phone instantly charts the map and traffic conditions and gives a verbal estimate. Mom: “Wow!” The always-listening function goes a step forward with the Pixel, as it’s the first Android phone that also houses the new Google Assistant. This isn’t your run-of-the-mill Siri that can take text message dictations or set up calendar appointments with acceptable accuracy. It’s more akin to an advanced chat bot that can engage in actual conversations, as basic as they might be for now. Case in point: I asked the Google Assistant how old Blue Jays slugger Edwin Encarnacion is. Not only did it correctly identify and spell his relatively complex name, it gave me the right answer (he’s 33). My follow-up question: where was he born? The assistant returned the right information: I kept going, just for fun. I asked what his current salary is, his stats for the year and where he’s going to play next year. On that last point, the assistant turned up a web search with rumours. Impressive stuff. There are an infinite number of ways in which such a function might come in handy, and truth be told, I only scratched the surface in my few days with the Pixel. But it’s accurate and impressive, to the point where I’m already using it regularly. I can’t say the same for Siri. This really is a big deal. Having conversations with your phone, or any computer for that matter, is something science-fiction has promised us for decades. It’s finally approaching reality and the Pixel feels like the first real step in that direction. That said, voice search and commands are still not something a lot of people want to do in public, so there’s life in them keyboards yet. REVIEW: Apple Watch 2 is a worthy evolution of the form The five-inch Pixel and the 5.5-inch Pixel XL, which I’ve been reviewing, also boast the best smartphone camera in the business, according to Google. The devices score 89 on DxoMark Mobile, which is indeed the highest rating yet for a smartphone on the camera testing site. I’m not so sure. I took a few side-by-side shots with the Galaxy S7, which a few reviewers and sites have pegged as having the best smartphone camera, and I have to concede the advantage to Samsung’s device. The Galaxy S7 seems to perform better in most situations – it captures better colours (top photos), more contrast between light and shade (middle photos) and low-light images (bottom photo): This is not to say the Pixel’s camera isn’t good or even great – it is, I’m just not ready to anoint it the best. What I can say is that it’s better than anything I’ve seen in a Motorola phone, including the latest Moto Z devices. While I’ve really liked Moto phones, knowing that there were better cameras out there was always a stumbling point. A great camera is a must for me, which is why I like the Pixel so much – it’s got the guts of what made the Moto X devices great, but with better optics. Put the voice functions and the camera together along with a pure Google operating system – the Pixel devices also run the new Nougat update – and you’ve got the best, most useful Android device on the market in my books. The rest is gravy. And there’s quite a bit of gravy. There’s free unlimited online storage for photos and videos, which is good for staying under the device’s storage limits (ranging from 32 to 128 gigabytes, depending on model). Google appears determined to own entry-level virtual reality (for now) The screen resolution is a hefty 1440 by 2560 pixels, with a density of 534 ppi, which is sharper than the iPhone 7 but slightly short of the Galaxy S7. Either way, the display is sharp and brilliant. The Pixel XL packs a 3,450 milliamp battery, which is bigger than both the S7 and iPhone 7 Plus. I managed to make it through three days without charging, a pleasant surprise to be sure. Google is also touting turbo charging, where 15 minutes of plugging in delivers seven hours of battery life. I don’t know about the specific times, but I did take the Pixel up to 60 per cent from 15 per cent in 15 minutes, so it feels about right. There’s also live device support, in case you’re having problems with your Pixel, accessible directly from the settings app. Pixel owners will even be able to share their screens with support agents to get help with their problems. The function wasn’t live during my test period, so I wasn’t able to try it out. It’s a neat idea, though. One other function I wasn’t able to get a full feel for was the Pixel’s interoperability with the Daydream View, Google’s virtual reality headset. I had a few minutes with the two devices at a demo a few weeks ago and liked what I saw. As someone who’s getting into 360 photos and video in a big way, I feel like Google is onto something with how these two devices will work together. Things I don’t like, or that are missing: At the top of the list is the fingerprint scanner, which sits on the backside of the phone rather than at the bottom of the screen, as on most devices. As with LG, which tried this with its power button in some of its G phones, I hate it. It’s inconveniently located, especially if you put your phone in a mount in your car. You have to reach around to its back to unlock it rather than just thumbing it. Blech. Why today's tech giants are locked in a copycat arms race The Pixel devices also aren’t specifically waterproof or dust-proof and don’t have wireless charging or micro-SD card slots for expandable storage. These are important features for many consumers, although I can’t say I need any of them. Still, any of those items could be a deal breaker. Such is the world of high-end smartphones these days. You get some features with Brand X and a few others with Brand Y, but otherwise they do much of the same – and cost the same. The Pixel phones, available on Oct. 20 through most Canadian carriers, run about the same as comparable Apple and Samsung devices. The smaller phone starts at $899 and the Pixel XL at $1,029. It’s a hefty price to pay, but in terms of usefulness and covering the bases that I personally look for, the Pixel is there more so than any other Android phone I’ve used this year. It’s my new favourite phone as a result, and the new king of the Android pile as far as I’m concerned. Oh, and did I mention it has a proper headphone jack? Google supplied a trial unit for the purposes of this review. Hey Apple: dropping the iPhone 7's headphone jack is a terrible idea MORE REVIEWS: Playstation VR proves the appeal of virtual reality—with some growing pains Apple Watch 2 is a worthy evolution of the form iPhone 7 brings controversial changes—and welcome ones too Review: The Samsung Galaxy S7 evens the playing field with iPhone Review: BlackBerry’s Priv bucks convention, with mixed results Apple Watch reviews read like iPhone reviews from 2007 Apple Watch review: An elegant solution, if the battery lasts Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board Rules in Favor of Network-1 in Pending Covered Business Method Review of Cox Patent News provided by Network-1 Technologies, Inc. Oct 19, 2016, 08:45 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Oct. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Network-1 Technologies, Inc. (NYSE MKT: NTIP) today announced that the Patent Trial and Appeal Board ("PTAB") of the United States Patent and Trademark Office ("USPTO") issued its Final Written Decision in the pending Covered Business Method Patent Review proceeding ("CBM") relating to a challenge made by Google, Inc. ("Google") and YouTube, LLC ("YouTube") to the patentability of one of the patents of Network-1's Cox Patent Portfolio.  In the Final Written Decision, the PTAB ruled that Google had failed to show that any of the thirty-four (34) claims of U.S. Patent 8,904,464 were unpatentable. In April 2015, Google and YouTube petitioned the USPTO to cancel as unpatentable the claims of the patent which is one of 12 issued patents of Network-1's Cox Patent Portfolio.   In October 2015, the PTAB agreed to review all of the claims. A hearing on the merits of the CBM proceeding was held in May 2016.    "We are extremely pleased with today's PTAB decision," said Corey M. Horowitz, Chairman and CEO of Network-1.  "We have worked very hard with Professor Ingemar Cox to develop and protect the value of his inventions and we will continue to do so," he added. As previously announced, in June 2016, the PTAB issued its Final Written Decisions in four Inter Partes Review proceedings ("IPRs") relating to challenges made by Google, Inc. ("Google") and YouTube, LLC ("YouTube") to the patentability of four other patents from Network-1's Cox Patent Portfolio.  As a result of the PTAB's latest Final Written Decisions in the CBM proceeding and the four prior IPRs, one-hundred twenty (120) claims have been found to be "not unpatentable" (i.e. valid), and in total, one hundred and fifty-three (153) out of one hundred and sixty-three (163) claims or ninety-three percent (93%) of the challenged claims of the patents have survived Google's patent challenges in the IPRs and the CBM. None of Network-1's asserted claims from the patents in its pending litigations against Google and YouTube in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York were found invalid. In April 2014 and December 2014, Network-1 initiated litigation against Google and YouTube in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for infringement of several of its patents within the Cox Patent Portfolio acquired from Dr. Ingemar Cox which relate to the identification of media content on the Internet.  The lawsuits allege that Google and YouTube have infringed and continue to infringe certain of the Network-1's patents by making, using, selling and offering to sell unlicensed systems and related products and services, which include YouTube's Content ID system.  The above referenced litigations are currently subject to a stay which has been in effect since July 2015 as a result of the then pending IPRs and CBM proceedings at the PTAB. The Cox Patent Portfolio includes patents relating to enabling technology for identifying media content, such as music and videos, and taking further actions to be performed based on such identification.  Since the acquisition of the portfolio, Network-1 has filed twelve (12) additional patent applications (seven (7) of which have been issued) bringing the total portfolio of granted patents to twelve (12).  Five (5) applications relating to the original specification are still pending and Network-1 anticipates further issuances of additional claims for this portfolio. Dr. Ingemar Cox is currently a Professor at the University of Copenhagen and a Professor at the University College London where he is Head of its Media Futures Group.  Dr. Cox was formerly a member of the Technical Staff at AT&T Bell Labs and a Fellow at NEC Research Institute.  In connection with the acquisition of the Portfolio, Dr. Cox provides consulting services to Network-1 with respect to the acquired patents and the related pending and future patent applications and assists in Network-1's efforts to develop the portfolio.         ABOUT NETWORK-1 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Network-1 Technologies, Inc. is engaged in the development, licensing and protection of its intellectual property and proprietary technologies.  Network-1 works with inventors and patent owners to assist in the development and monetization of their patented technologies. Network-1 currently owns twenty-two (22) patents covering various telecommunications and data networking technologies as well as technologies relating to document stream operating systems and the identification of media content. Network-1's current strategy includes continuing to pursue licensing opportunities for its Remote Power Patent and its efforts to monetize two patent portfolios (the Cox and Mirror Worlds patent portfolios) acquired by Network-1 in 2013.  Network-1's acquisition strategy is to focus on acquiring high quality patents which management believes have the potential to generate significant licensing opportunities as Network-1 has achieved with respect to its Remote Power Patent.  Network-1's Remote Power Patent has generated licensing revenue in excess of $90 million from May 2007 through June 30, 2016. This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements address future events and conditions concerning Network-1's business plans. Such statements are subject to a number of risk factors and uncertainties as disclosed in the Network-1's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, among others, the continued validity of Network-1's Remote Power Patent, the ability of Network-1 to successfully execute its strategy to acquire high quality patents with significant licensing opportunities, Network-1's ability to achieve revenue and profits from the Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio and the Cox Patent Portfolio as well as intellectual property it may acquire in the future, the ability of Network-1 to enter into additional license agreements, the ability of Network-1 to continue to receive material royalties from its existing license agreements for its Remote Power Patent, the uncertainty of patent litigation and proceedings at the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the difficulty in Network-1 verifying royalty amounts owed to it by its licensees, Network-1's ability to enter into strategic relationships with third parties to license or otherwise monetize their intellectual property, the risk in the future of Network-1 being classified as a Personal Holding Company, the continued viability of the PoE market, future economic conditions and technology changes and legislative, regulatory and competitive developments. Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in periodic reports, Network-1 expressly disclaims any future obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein. Corey M. Horowitz, Chairman and CEO Network-1 Technologies, Inc. (212) 829-5770   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/us-patent-trial-and-appeal-board-rules-in-favor-of-network-1-in-pending-covered-business-method-review-of-cox-patent-300347482.html SOURCE Network-1 Technologies, Inc. Related Links http://www.network-1.com Nov 04, 2016, 08:45 ET Preview: Network-1 Receives Markman Ruling in Patent Litigation Against Major Data Networking Equipment Manufacturers Oct 04, 2016, 16:48 ET Preview: Network-1 Announces Settlement Of Patent Litigation With Polycom, Inc. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 11, 2016, 08:45 ETNetwork-1 Reports Record Breaking Third Quarter 2016 Results Nov 04, 2016, 08:45 ETNetwork-1 Receives Markman Ruling in Patent Litigation Against... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Patent Law You just read: U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board Rules in Favor of Network-1 in Pending Covered Business Method Review of Cox Patent News provided by Network-1 Technologies, Inc. Oct 19, 2016, 08:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Wednesday, October 19, 2016  |  Muharram 18, 1438 Opinion Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Comment Editorial Feedback Cartoon Google says it will fact-check news reports. Dado Ruvic / Reuters How to separate fact from fiction National Editorial October 19, 2016 Updated: October 19, 2016 04:51 PM Related Review: Google Keep app helps you stay on top of things Google unveils big new guns as it launches hardware attack on rivals Peter Nowak: Google could dominate hardware with its AI advantage Ask Google anything – except this The United States presidential election has been historic for many reasons. Never before have two profoundly unpopular candidates run for the highest American political office. Both candidates have regularly challenged the boundaries of truth and facts. As a result, media organisations have rushed to provide "fact checks" for the claims that both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have made on the campaign trail. Now Google is getting into the fact-checking business. Unlike media outlets that ostensibly operate in the public interest (despite most being for-profit business ventures), Google and social media companies such as Facebook are advertising companies that have found themselves with mighty news-spreading power. Last week, Google announced that it would add a "fact check" tag to stories on its news aggregator that it determines follow "commonly accepted criteria for fact checks". Google wants to separate highly opinionated and widely circulated content from stories that abide by accepted standards of fact checking. The move was partly spurred on by Mr Trump’s outlandish claims that Google was "suppressing" harmful information about Mrs Clinton. Google Search uses algorithms to justify the placement of stories in its results. But there are still decisions that Google makes that can be debated from an ethical perspective. This week, a group of Palestinians protested that Google (and Apple) don’t list several villages in the West Bank on their mapping platforms. By omitting the villages, the Palestinians said, Google had adopted an Israeli perspective on the conflict. This debate highlights the complexity of Google and other internet companies getting into the news business. Given that these companies have power over how people obtain information, they should be subject to ethical standards normally associated with the media. It is admirable that Google wants to help fact-check information, but the company is wading into the sometimes complex politics of the media. Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Review: Google Keep app helps you stay on top of things Google unveils big new guns as it launches hardware attack on rivals Peter Nowak: Google could dominate hardware with its AI advantage Ask Google anything – except this More Editorial Egypt’s strength is critical for all Cyber crime will only get worse in time This Moon will be truly super True cost of Arab Spring is still unclear MOST VIEWED Opinion | All American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate This Moon will be truly super Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Egypt’s strength is critical for all We must tackle hate crimes and raging intolerance Stand-alone VR headsets can outperform add-ons like Rift Cyber crime will only get worse in time A vision of Dubai’s Water Canal becomes a reality American election result adds to our understanding of US society Trump’s victory has grave consequences for Syria More Most Viewed UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi Girl, 16, trafficked to Dubai and forced into prostitution, court hears American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate Louvre Abu Dhabi announces first contemporary art installations Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class Having trouble saving money in the UAE? Try zero sum budgeting and ‘spend’ every dirham This Moon will be truly super Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Trump win means ‘more Israeli settlements, fewer rights for Palestinians’ More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi Having trouble saving money in the UAE? Try zero sum budgeting and ‘spend’ every dirham We must tackle hate crimes and raging intolerance Lewis Hamilton leads a Mercedes-GP one-two in Brazil to keep F1 season alive ahead of Abu Dhabi GP FOLLOW US Tweets by @NationalComment SPOTLIGHT Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Commuters can now book Ola and Uber cabs in India via Google Search app Saba Haider Oct 19, 2016, 05.03 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit GoogleImage Credit If you are afraid of being stuck in traffic jams while driving yourself this festive season, worry not as Google is there for your rescue. The search engine giant has announced that users can now find directions and choose from a menu of ride service options straight from its Google Search App or through the mobile search browser. With this integration, commuters across India can not only find out directions but also book ride services offered by Uber and Ola directly from Google Search. The tab assigned for booking ride will also display estimated fare as well as pick up time if a car is available near their location. Earlier, this feature was introduced on the latest version of Google Maps, which showcased a dedicated tab with information for cab services along with the existing driving, public transport, or walking options. “Choosing the best transit option can be a task at times, our aim is to help users simplify their everyday travel. With this, users will be able to order, explore and make quick comparisons about the best estimated taxi fare directly from Google Search results on their mobile,” said Sanket Gupta, Program Manager, Google. On request for specific information such as “Taxi to Bangalore airport” or more specifically “Uber to Bangalore airport” or “Ola to Bangalore airport”, the app / browser directs the user to select a service and automatically opens the app to book the ride, all in just one tap. In case, your smartphone doesn’t contain Uber or Ola app, Google Search will also show a link to install the app. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: GoogleUberOlaGoogle Search Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryAirtel targets data-savvy users, offers 10GB data for Just Rs 259 Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is worse than a Power Bank, hints Indigo Here’s how Coursera delivers impactful online learning to future technocrats Google Chrome now enjoys 2 billion active installs in desktops and mobiles Related stories 9 Secret Google Search Tricks 5 Crazy Things That Google Search Can Do You can now access song lyrics in Google search results Now order food, book a table with Google Search Feds Caught the Silk Road Mastermind With... A Google Search Slow Mobile Internet? Use A Lite Version Of Google Search Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now Acer Switch 12 review: A good and affordable surface clone Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it Samsung is venturing into the automotive space with $8 billion acquisition of Harman Heads up! Metallica's new album is landing this Friday Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked Google's doodle for Children's day today wants us to enjoy the moment Ahead of Children’s Day, YouTube Kids makes way to India Here’s how Coursera delivers impactful online learning to future technocrats This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is worse than a Power Bank, hints Indigo Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Xiaomi’s new affordable Redmi 4 and Redmi 4A launched Blackberry's last, most powerful Android phones launched in India AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Journey on Nov 16 Five Ways In Which Arnab Goswami Changed Indian Journalism The Little Known Side of Arnab Goswami #AdAgeUnicorns: KV Sridhar’s Most Celebrated Work Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
