To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Vine Report HOME U.S. SCIENCE/HEALTH WORLD ENTERTAINMENT TECH LIFE&STYLE Subscriptions Home TECH Google Nexus 2016 release date update: Latest leak claims Verizon tie-in, October launch Karissa Dumaraog Aug 10, 2016 8:08 AM Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji)A Google employee poses with Nexus 7 tablets at a promotional event in Seoul. Google and HTC continue to be very cagey with regard to their collaborative smartphone project, codenamed Nexus "Marlin" and "Sailfish." Despite this, a tip suggesting that the devices may come with a special offer from Verizon Wireless come October hint that an announcement from the companies may be imminent. Veteran information leaker Evan Blass broke the news last week via his official Twitter account. "Verizon is going to carry the two 'Nexus' handsets," he wrote on social media. Furthermore, Blass also hinted that there might be a possibility that Verizon will rename the phones, however, this may be a little too farfetched, according to other media outlets that are also carefully following this story. If the first part of Blass's prediction turns out to be true, this would entail a slight deviation on how Google usually rolls out their smartphones. In the past, the company leaned more towards directly selling their devices to consumers without any tie-ins with cell carriers. However, the prevailing issue of users being unable to set up the Nexus devices they directly purchased from Google could be what is driving the company to partner up with mobile carriers. As for the release date, the launch of the Verizon Nexus phone may come sometime in October with an undisclosed rollout date for other cell companies who are said to also be collaborating with Google. This definitely coincides with the supposed launch of the Android 7.0 Nougat operating system. Earlier this year Google's senior vice president for Android, Hiroshi Lockheimer, said that the forthcoming software will be available this summer, however, there is still little to almost no indication that Google is gearing up for its release. Regardless of when the Nexus phones will eventually see the light of day, the online world is lit up with numerous speculations of what consumers can expect with the handsets. Based on theories, the "Marlin" iteration will be a high-end of kind of smartphone, while the "Sailfish" would be more budget-friendly. Like Us on Facebook Hot News 'Destiny 2' may be set on Mars, featuring new subclasses of Guardians... Samsung Galaxy A8 spotted at benchmarking site; Spy shots suggest a curved edge display?... 'Attack on Titan' chapter 86: Dr. Yeager's books may contain vital information about world history, ... 'Gotham' season 3 spoilers: Fish Mooney returns with a vengeance and better powers; Jim Gordon at hi... Other News Xiaomi Mi Note 2 release date: next-gen device rumored to arrive on September 24 with three variants 'One Piece' chapter 840 spoilers, news: What is Yonji planning? Are the Vinsmokes cyborgs? 'Star Wars Episode 8' spoilers, news: Adam Driver notes similarities with 'The Empire Strikes Back' Microsoft Surface Phone release date specs: promo photo may have been leaked 'Sense8' season 2 spoilers, air date: Kala and Rajan to end up together? Sikander Kher's villainous role may go against Wolfgang 'GTA 6' release date, gameplay rumors: E3 2017 announcement possible, launch in 2018 or 2020? Microsoft Surface Book 2 release date, specs: Latest news solidify supposed October launch macOS Sierra release date update: Apple releases second GM less than a week before OS debuts 'Pokémon GO' Buddy System cheats, tips, tricks: Switch Buddy Pokémon without losing total distance traveled 'One Piece' chapter 840 spoilers, plot: Sanji forced to marry Pudding by his Vinsmoke family? VINEREPORT HOME U.S. WORLD ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE/HEALTH TECH LIFE Copyright © 2016 Vine Report. All Rights Reserved. About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Like us on facebook I already like you / Not now Your browser does not support JavaScript. Enable JavaScript or use a browser that supports it to use bublaa. ?>
M Wednesday, Nov 23 2016 | Updated at 12:34 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Aug 08, 2016 06:13 PM EDT By Anita Valencia, UniversityHerald Reporter HTC Nexus 2016 Release Date, Rumors: Leak Detailing Verizon as Google's Smartphone Partner Google (HTC) Nexus 2016 is more likely to receive Android 7.1 Nougat. (Photo : David Ramos/Getty Images) A rumor shows up detailing Verizon as the carrier for the upcoming Google smartphone, the HTC Nexus 2016. Verizon will be the carrier for HTC Nexus 2016, HTC Marlin and Sailfish Evan Blass, the leaker who has always been accurate so far, tweeted another detail on Nexus 2016 handsets. He stated that Verizon is going to carry the handsets. For the record, this means a come-back for Verizon as Google's phone carrier. The tech giant has been in relationships with various carriers and it's unknown whether Verizon will exclusively sell Nexus Phone or not, GSM Arena wrote. However, many Nexus fans are worried if Verizon would make the same 'mistake' just like in 2014 where the carrier placed too many not-so-useful software. They also hope to see HTC Nexus 2016 unlocked version, sold at Google's online store, like the Nexus 5X and 6P phones. Verizon is going to carry the two "Nexus" handsets (note the quotation marks). — Evan Blass (@evleaks) August 5, 2016 So far, there's a huge concern on the speculation whether Verizon becomes exclusive carrier like the previous Galaxy Nexus. Phandroid noted that users were annoyed since Verizon, not Google, controlled the updates. HTC Nexus 2016: Google smartphone specs rumor So far, the rumors on Nexus Phone 2016 revolve around its two variants, HTC Marlin and HTC Sailfish. Sailfish could be a 5-inch smartphone sporting full HD display of 1920 x 1080 pixel resolution. HTC Marlin has larger screen of 5.5 inch with Quad HD AMOLED display (2560 x 1440 pixels).  Under the hood, Nexus 2016 handsets will get quad-core Qualcomm processor with 12 MP for its rear camera and 8 MP for selfie camera. The devices are rumored to have 32 GB internal storage and 4GB space for RAM. Other speculations include the USB port C and fingerprint sensor. HTC Nexus 2016 release date The Nexus devices are expected to be released in early October. What do you think about Verizon as the carrier for HTC Nexus 2016?   Tags htc nexus 2016, nexus phone 2016, Google Nexus 2016, verizon carrier © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Nexus 2016 Release Date, Rumor: First Ever Smartphone in The Market Compa ... Android Nougat Update Release for These Nexus Series in Few Days; Not for Nexus ... Nexus Phone 2016 Release Date, Rumors: The Leaked Launcher and Fingerprint Gestu ... Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumors: 4K Device Released Together with The Foldable Phone Ga ... Galaxy S8 Release Date, Specs, News: Galaxy S8 Rolling Out On February 2017 With ... Join the Conversation Must Read Surprising Early Careers of 9 Famous People Nov 21, 2016 PM ESTNot all of the big names we've known have been popular or well known from the very start. Here are just some of those famous people who had weird and ... Tips To Help You Impress People at Work During Meetings Nov 21, 2016 PM ESTHere are some tips to help you impress your bosses and coworkers in every company meeting. ... Job Interview: Things You Should Never Ever Say Nov 21, 2016 PM ESTIt is during your job interviews that you convince your hiring manager why you should be hired above everyone else, and it's important for you to be ... Resume Review: 17 Things You Should Remove from Your Resume Immediately Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTSometimes, the real problem with a resume is that it says so much that it has little to offer. ... Most Popular ‘The Winds of Winter’ Release Date: Sixth Book Will Be Launched with ‘Game of Thrones’ Prequel in Spring 2017? [RUMORS] Nov 22, 2016 AM ESTA reported development of the status of “The Winds of Winter” has lead to a conclusion that the sixth book of “A Song of Ice and Fire” novel ... The Shocking Truth About Math: It Is Omnipresent Except In One Place Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTIt is true that math is in every fiber of the society. However, there is one important place where it is missing. Find out where it is. ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Thanksgiving Event: Niantic Hints on Legendary Pokemon Articuno Released? [VIDEO] Nov 22, 2016 AM ESTNiantic has prepared something special to all Pokemon GO players worldwide for the Thanksgiving Event celebration. Aside from the rewards and bonuses, ... Android 7.0 Nougat Rollout to Motorola Handsets – Check if Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus are Included [VIDEO] Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTFinally, the long wait is over for the Motorola handsets owners as the latest android beta program has rolled out to its selected devices. Read more ... AMD Radeon RX 490: Release Delayed, Eyes Possible Mid-2017 Release Instead [Video] Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTThe AMD Radeon RX 490 graphics card is a 4K gaming class GPU that boasts of a memory interface larger than 256bit, reportedly going to be delayed ... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 to be Google Pixel C Killer? Release Date to Coincide with Galaxy Note 8 [RUMOR] Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTA recent leak suggests that Galaxy Tab S3 performance could beat Google Pixel C ... 'Star Wars Battlefront' News & Update: 'Rogue One' DLC Revealed! Fans Awarded On Anniversary Celebration! [VIDEO] Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTEA DICE announces more details regarding the last DLC for its "Star Wars Battlefront" game. ... Canadian University Students Slammed For Throwing Party With Racism As Theme Nov 23, 2016 AM ESTCanadian students from Queen's University are facing backlash for throwing a party with racism as theme. ... Nintendo 'Cyber Deals' Black Friday Goes to Europe: Up to 40% Off for Your Most-Favorite Games and Consoles Nov 22, 2016 AM ESTNintendo 'Black Friday' event will go to Europe as eShop will be joining other US stores to offer discounts for products purchase. ... Apple Black Friday 2016 Deals: iPhone 7, iPad Pro, MacBook Air Best Price; Check Out Top Deals! Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTCheck out iPhone, iPad, MacBook Air and many other Apple products that will get the best deals on Black Friday! ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony LG Apple Motorola Microsoft HTC BlackBerry View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung LG Motorola HTC Sony Apple Microsoft BlackBerry more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › New Google Photos video shows how the app saves the day when you run out of storage space New Google Photos video shows how the app saves the day when you run out of storage space Posted: 08 Aug 2016, 08:47, by Florin T. Share Tweet Share Tags : iOS-iOS+ Android-Android+ Google-Google+ Nothing's worse* than trying to take a cool photo or video on your smartphone and finding out that you can't because you've run out of storage space. Google knows that this is an issue for many users out there, and that's why it's been offering (for quite some time now) free unlimited storage space via its Google Photos app. Besides providing unlimited storage space, the Google Photos app comes with a Free Up Space feature: photos and videos that are already backed up in the cloud can be removed from your device with a simple tap. Obviously, you'll still be able to access and download these at any time as long as your device is connected to the internet (either via Wi-Fi, or a cellular network). When Google Photos notices that there isn't much free space left on your phone or tablet, it can automatically ask you if you want to recover storage space, but you can also trigger the feature manually from the app's Settings menu. To showcase just how great Google Photos can be, Google recently released a quick video full of ruined photos (more exactly, they've been ruined by the lack of available space). If you use Google Photos, though, you never have to worry about that, as the video - embedded below - concludes. More than 200 million users already have Google Photos installed on their devices, so the app is one of the most popular of its kind out there, but there's definitely more room to grow. As you probably know, Google Photos isn't exclusive to Android: it's also available on iOS, offering iPhone and iPad users pretty much the same benefits that Android folks are getting. * - well, OK, there are plenty of worse things in this world. Featured stories   LG V20 camera tips and tricks   When will my phone get Android 7.0 Nougat?   Best high-end Samsung smartphones you can get right now (November 2016)   iPhone 7 Plus vs $1600 camera: which takes better portraits?   Nokia's return to smartphones confirmed for 2017   Bezelless Galaxy S8 and iPhone 8? Yes, they can! 4 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save posted on 08 Aug 2016, 13:07 0 Reply 1. lyndon420 (Posts: 4533; Member since: 11 Jul 2012) It's even better if you're a Nexus user ;) posted on 08 Aug 2016, 14:46 0 Reply 2. JoshN (Posts: 184; Member since: 01 Apr 2015) 16gb iPhone users like :-/ posted on 08 Aug 2016, 19:52 0 Reply 4. joevsyou (Posts: 849; Member since: 28 Feb 2015) haha right posted on 08 Aug 2016, 17:16 2 Reply 3. Hoggington (Posts: 315; Member since: 23 Feb 2016) Those look like iOS warnings, correct? Bummer no expandable memory. Looking forward to when Apple invents microSD cards ;) view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › New Google Photos video shows how the app saves the day when you run out of storage space New Google Photos video shows how the app saves the day when you run out of storage space Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Nokia's "return to smartphones" confirmed for 2017   LG offers Black Friday savings on the LG G5, LG V20, and LG G4   Motorola Black Friday 2016 deal: get any Moto Z-series phone with a Moto Mod at $250 off   Nokia smartphones to be unveiled at MWC 2017 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles Dangerous Apps: How they work and how to protect yourself 3D Touch on Android: here's how Quick Shortcuts work on Android 7.1 Nougat The iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 may come with 'edge-to-edge' screens, how is that possible? 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC 10 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ 7 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Apple with three new iPads in March, including a bezel-less 10.9-inch model How to shoot RAW photos with your iPhone Best Chinese Android smartphones How to get most Pixel-exclusive features on other Android phones Samsung stops all sales and production of Galaxy Note 7 Best smartphones you can buy right now: (October-November 2016) Apple iPhone 7 Review 22 tips and tricks for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: make the most of out of your device Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: Cell Phone Accessories, Cell phone accessories, PubGalaxy About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2016 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture New Google Photos ad plays right into 16GB iPhone users’ storage struggle by Natt Garun — in Google 672 shares If you’ve ever attended or watched any Google or Apple conference, you’ll come to notice that the two companies tend to take playful jabs at one another, mostly in good fun. This week, Google’s on the offense, with a new Google Photos ad that takes a dig at 16GB iPhones which appear to be perpetually out of space. TNW Answers Your questions answered by founders, experts and thought leaders in business, design and tech. Join a chat The struggle is real for 16GB iPhone users: Do you save the internal memory for pictures or leave room to download your favorite apps? Which photos are non-essential enough to transfer out of your device? Do you skip an app update because there’s simply no room for it? If you’re the kind to “free up space” on your phone by shipping pictures out to live on a faraway camp, then Google Photos wants to sweep you right up. The service’s feature is dedicated to doing just this: clearing space on your phone by automatically transferring images to the cloud and off your device. Unlike Apple’s iCloud service, which starts at $0.99 a month for 50GB, Google Photos has unlimited storage for free (for images up to 16 megapixels and 1080p videos.) It’s been Google’s competitive strategy since its launch last year, but now even more apparent as we head into September, where Apple is expected to announce a new iPhone and get rid of the 16GB model altogether. on The Verge Read next: Hulu goes subscription-only by moving its free stuff to Yahoo CreativeGoogleiPhone Share on Facebook (289) Share on Twitter (288) Natt Garun is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on natt@thenextweb.com or @nattgarun on Twitter. Natt Garun is the US Editor at The Next Web, managing the North American team on content, events, features and reviews coverage. She previously wrote for Digital Trends, Business Insider, and Gizmodo. Facebook | Twitter | Google+ Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 711 Posts / mo. 18.56   All posts by Natt > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal These omnidirectional conveyor belts are a total trip Juan Buis You can now learn the basics of coding with Disney's Moana Matthew Hughes I can't stop mashing up Twitter accounts with this hilarious website Juan Buis Comments Recommended A tale of tech giants: How Philips competes with the likes of Google to reinvent an entire industry Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 New Facebook feature lets you find nearby Wi-Fi Bryan Clark 2 Tesla powers an entire island with solar energy to flex its mighty panels Mix 3 Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 The death of net neutrality begins today Bryan Clark 5 Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Rejoice: Microsoft brings Solitaire to Android and iOS Napier Lopez This baby stealing its parents' phone is absolutely terrifying Juan Buis Nadella says next Microsoft phone will be the "ultimate mobile device" Napier Lopez The UK wants to give startups £400 million to prevent foreign buyouts Matthew Hughes Study: iPhone owners tend to be more superficial than Android users Mix Snag a pair of the world’s smallest charging cables for just $20 TNW Deals This iPhone still works after a year on the bottom of an icy lake Juan Buis Samsung is wrongly recalling older Galaxy smartphones as Note 7's Mix Google Pixel update brings nifty double-tap and raise-to-wake features Mix You can finally catch everyone's favorite in Pokémon Go Juan Buis Experts call on Clinton to challenge election results over hacking fears Abhimanyu Ghoshal Telegram launches Telegraph to let you publish articles anonymously Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook has reportedly built a tool to censor content in China Abhimanyu Ghoshal Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark @lisastone In between goals is a thing called life, that has to be lived and enjoyed. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
null
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Rio 2016 Rio 2016 men's basketball: USA 113-69 Venezuela – as it happened! Live Olympic results from day three | Full schedule for today’s events Sign up here for the daily Olympics briefing email Run through Rio with our virtual podcast Updated Kevin Durant works around Venezuela’s center Miguel Marriaga. Photograph: Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images Hunter Felt Monday 8 August 2016 20.04 EDT Last modified on Thursday 25 August 2016 14.32 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 7.58pm EDT 19:58 USA wins! 8.04pm EDT 20:04 Final thoughts 7.12pm EDT 19:12 2nd half begins! 6.57pm EDT 18:57 Halftime! 6.04pm EDT 18:04 Opening tip 5.16pm EDT 17:16 Preamble Live feed Show 8.04pm EDT 20:04 Final thoughts Well, Venezuela put up a good fight early on but ultimately they were no match against the US’s superior talent. And, hey, it wasn’t a 50 point loss. And wouldn’t you know it, it was in fact Paul George’s breakout game as he scored a team-high 20 points off this bench (plus he picked up four rebounds and an assist along the way). It was a good warm-um game for Coach K as he could see his team handle something approximating adversity without any serious threat of actually dropping the game. And that will wrap up today’s men’s basketball liveblogging. Thanks to everybody who followed along with us today, particularly those who contributed. Ciao! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.58pm EDT 19:58 USA wins! USA 113-69 Venezuela, FINAL David Cubillan ends the game by hitting two free throws to make the final deficit a tad more respectable for Venezuela and that will do it. The US have started off pool play by going 2-0. The USA team reacts after defeating Venezuela. Photograph: Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 9.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.55pm EDT 19:55 USA 113-67 Venezuela, :28, 4th quarter Anthony Perez makes a three-pointer. And hey look it’s Harrison Barnes, the Human Victory Cigar, who gets fouled and gets to the line where he hits two free throws. Good for him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.53pm EDT 19:53 USA 109-62 Venezuela, 1:16, 4th quarter They really should have just stopped this game after George’s dunk. That was basically the end of this. DeRozan would probably disagree because he increases his point total by going to the rim to increase the US lead. Then George gets fouled, giving him a chance to add to his points total. He makes both. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.51pm EDT 19:51 USA 105-62 Venezuela, 2:46, 4th quarter Echenique makes one of two free throws. Lowry hits a layup and… WOW Paul George puts an exclamation mark on the game with a mammoth dunk. Wowzers. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.49pm EDT 19:49 USA 101-61 Venezuela, 3:53, 4th quarter Vargas with a jumper, which Paul George promptly answers. Echenique gets on the line, makes one of two free throws. And Jimmy Butler with a layup and the US hit the 100 point mark and then break it, as the fouled Butler hits his “and one.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.47pm EDT 19:47 USA 96-58 Venezuela, 4:55, 4th quarter DeRozan hits a layup. David Cubillan with a three-pointer, at this point Venezuela is just looking to make sure that the US doesn’t hit that 50 point mark. If the US manages to pull it off it will be because of George’s late game burst here. He hits another three pointer here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.44pm EDT 19:44 USA 91-55 Venezuela, 5:53, 4th quarter Echenique with a dunk. Cousins gets to the line to make two free throws. Marv Albert and the announcers are officially in “only sorta paying attention” mode and I can’t blame them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.42pm EDT 19:42 USA 89-53 Venezuela, 6:28, 4th quarter Gregory Vargas hits a jumper to make sure that Venezuela isn’t completely shut out this quarter. Then, hey, it’s Paul George, who contributes two free throws and another three-pointer. Good night for him after all. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.40pm EDT 19:40 USA 84-51 Venezuela, 7:53, 4th quarter Butler gets fouled on a made jumper, which gives him a free throw that he hits to finish up an old-fashioned three point play. DeAndre Jordan knocks down a layup and, a short time later, a dunk and it’s all the US to start out the fourth quarter. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.37pm EDT 19:37 USA 77-51 Venezuela, 9:27, 4th quarter Jimmy Butler starts off the scoring in the fourth quarter with a layup. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.33pm EDT 19:33 USA 75-51 Venezuela, end of the 3rd quarter And that’s all of the scoring for the third. Onto the fourth! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.32pm EDT 19:32 USA 75-51 Venezuela, :33, 3rd quarter Vargas with a layup. DeRozan makes two fee throws. Hey now, Paul Georg with a three. Maybe a 20 point court quarter will help make my prediction look better? Hey this game’s almost out of hand, I’ve gotta come up with something to root for now that garbage time approaches. John Cox, who else, with a layup for Venezuela. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.30pm EDT 19:30 USA 70-47 Venezuela, 1:46, 3rd quarter Green makes a layup for the US. Cox with another jumper. He’s scored 17 for Venezeula, highly impressive. Hey there’s Paul George doing something good, he hits a layup. Not exactly his breakout game, but he’s not being shutout at least. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.28pm EDT 19:28 USA 68-47 Venezuela, 2:33, 3rd quarter And now Echenique gets on the line to hit two free throws. The action has slowed to a crawl somewhat here. Oh that will liven things up, Kevin Durant makes an impressive three. And then John Cox hits one from even deeper. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.25pm EDT 19:25 USA 63-40 Venezuela, 4:15, 3rd quarter Jordan is back on the line, where he makes one of two free throws (his best case scenario, really). Green fouls Echenique, nothing crotch-related this time around, who makes both of his free throws. And Gregry Vargas fouls Kyle Lowry while attempting to block him, he hits both of his shots. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.23pm EDT 19:23 USA 60-38 Venezuela, 5:14, 3rd quarter And Venezuela finally go on the closest thing they’ve had to a sustained run this half. Echenique makes a layup, Cox finds David Cubillan for a three pointer. The crowd gets a little more lively. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.21pm EDT 19:21 USA 60-33 Venezuela, 5:54, 3rd quarter John Cox knocks down free throws but there’s no hope in stopping the US’s groove right now. Anthony hits a jumper, Jordan makes a gasp-inducing dunk. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.19pm EDT 19:19 USA 56-31 Venezuela, 7:03, 3rd quarter Miguel Ruiz knocks down a layup, but Durant answers it on the other end of the court. The US can basically run out the clock at this point, even with 1 1/2 quarters still left in the game. Echenique dunks to at lead chip away at that US lead. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.16pm EDT 19:16 USA 54-27 Venezuela, 8:28, 3rd quarter Cousins fouls John Cox during a shot attempt, the ball goes in but it’s rule to have come after the foul. That’s the fourth on Cousins, by the way but it works our for the US as Cox only makes one of two free throws. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.14pm EDT 19:14 USA 54-26 Venezuela, 8:50, 3rd quarter Make that 12 points for ‘Melo as he makes an easy layup. And Cousins hits yet another one and it’s not looking like Venezuela is able to offer much resistance here. Deandre Jordan of the USA loses the ball. Photograph: Jim Young/Reuters Updated at 7.46pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.12pm EDT 19:12 2nd half begins! USA 50-26 Venezuela, 9:42, 3rd quarter DeMarcus Cousins makes a layup to start the scoring for the second half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.09pm EDT 19:09 Oh, hey, Carmelo Anthony, who has scored 10 points in the first half, has passed Michael Jordan on the all-time Olympic scoring list. That’s never a bad thing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.05pm EDT 19:05 The Mighty Mojo (@Bear_Necessity) @HunterFelt It must be great for Kyrie Irving to catch passes from Draymond Green instead of elbows.......... August 8, 2016 I wonder if Irving has to force himself not to instinctively guard his crotch every time he shares the court with Green. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.01pm EDT 19:01 Halftime thoughts Well, this was the halftime score we were all expecting, but I’m not sure we expected it to happen this way. Venezuela actually outplayed the US for much of the first half but, as was almost inevitable, the second the US players started to realize they had to step things up, Venezuela couldn’t keep up. I don’t expect things to change that much in the second half, but I didn’t expect Venezuela to play things that close to begin with, so what do I know? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.57pm EDT 18:57 Halftime! USA 48-26 Venezuela, end of the first half Kevin Durant goes for a somewhat unwise kill-shot, which is picked off by Gregory Vargas who finally puts an end to the US run by making a jumper. However, the US end the first half with a Kyrie Irving three pointer. There’s a bit of talk about whether or not there was a foul before the final buzzer, but the officials determine that there wasn’t and the first half is officially over. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.53pm EDT 18:53 USA 45-24 Venezuela, 1:06, 2nd quarter Jimmy Butler gets fouled, gets on the line and gets the US two more points. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.52pm EDT 18:52 USA 43-24 Venezuela, 2:01, 2nd quarter Carmelo Anthony adds a three-pointer. DeAndre Jordan with a rattling dunk and I think it’s fair to say that the US has now officially taken back control of this game after the early hiccups. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.50pm EDT 18:50 USA 38-24 Venezuela, 3:08, 2nd quarter Miguel Marriaga is called for a hard foul on Durant. Durant hits two free throws, DeAndre Jordan contributes a dunk and just like that the US has a 14 point lead. So that 15+ point lead prediction was *close* to correct, right? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.48pm EDT 18:48 USA 34-24 Venezuela, 3:32, 2nd quarter John Cox stops the US’s Anthony-driven run by rebounding and putting back in his own missed jumper. However, DeAndre Jordan gets to the line and makes one of two free throws (which is pretty good for him) to increase the US’s lead. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.46pm EDT 18:46 USA 33-22 Venezuela, 3:59, 2nd quarter After a brief montage of clips of teammates praising Anthony, the most accomplished Olympian amongst them, he gets fouled and goes to the line where he makes both free throws. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.44pm EDT 18:44 USA 31-22 Venezuela, 4:59, 2nd quarter Camelo Antony with a steal and a three-pointer and Venezuela takes a second timeout. The US are starting to play like, well, the US and Venezuela’s window for pulling off an upset might soon be shut. Updated at 6.44pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Rio 2016 Olympic Games USA basketball team Basketball US sports USA Olympic team Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Rio 2016 Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Eddy Cue: Apple's public iOS beta is thanks… Eddy Cue: Apple's public iOS beta is thanks to Maps' disastrous launch By Kyle Wiggers — August 8, 2016 2:36 PM Subscribe to this topic Kārlis Dambrāns/Flickr Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends It wasn’t that long ago that Apple Maps, not Pokémon Go, was dominating the global navigation conversation. Apple’s fateful decision to ditch Google Maps for its own in-house creation didn’t go exactly as planned, you might recall — Maps was generally derided for lacking features like public transit schedules and direction editing, for turn-by-turn bugs that led motorists into dangerous hinterlands, and for visual bugs and glitches out the wazoo. Sustained public pushback motivated Apple chief Tim Cook to take the extraordinary step of suggesting “alternative” apps until Apple engineers could stabilize things, and was apparently a motivating factor in iOS software chief Scott Forstall’s dismissal. But that wasn’t all the disastrous launch caused, apparently. In an interview with Fast Company, Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of software and services, revealed that Maps was the impetus for the public iOS beta Apple launch two years ago. “We made significant changes to all of our development processes because of [Maps],” Cue told Fast Company. “To all of us living in Cupertino, the maps for here were pretty darn good. Right? So [the problem] wasn’t obvious to us. We were never able to take it out to a large number of users to get that feedback. Now we do,” he said. Related: The biggest problem with Apple Maps? Our overreaction According to Cue, Maps tested well internally, but Apple’s engineers lacked a sample size large enough to anticipate its many misbehaviors. A paucity of mapping data contributed, too — as reported by The Verge and others, the Cupertino firm was forced to cobble together maps from several vendors (it used TomTom’s data in the U.S., but other services internationally). And development resources stretched thin further exacerbated the issues — there were only “dozens of people” working on Maps prior to its public debut as compared to Google’s “hundreds” of Google Maps engineers and “thousands” of location data specialists. The predictable result? Widespread inconsistency, inaccuracy, and general incompetence. Shortly after Maps’s launch in 2012 alongside iOS 6, Canadian developer Jason Matheson ran a well-publicized test which showed that of 2,028 place names, Apple’s navigation app listed 551 incorrectly and omitted 688 entirely. And then there’s the infamous case where Fairbanks, Alaska drivers were instructed by Maps’ turn-by-turn feature to cross the Fairbanks International Airport’s runway, and the 35-acre Airfield garden and farm in Ireland that was mislabeled with an airport icon. “We had completely underestimated the product, the complexity of it,” said Cue. “All the roads are known, come on! All the restaurants are known, there’s Yelp and OpenTable, they have all the addresses. The mail arrives. FedEx arrives. You know, how hard is this?” Related: 5 wrong turns in Apple’s iOS 6 Maps app Maps has come a long way since then. It has overcome the internal management issues that dogged its engineers in 2014. It gained public transit directions and “more accurate mapping data” last year. And in March, Apple announced the opening of a new development office in Hyderabad, India that will staff a team of 4,000. And Cue largely credits the launch of Apple’s first public iOS beta test in early 2014: iOS 8.3. Previously, iOS developer builds required a $99-per-year subscription, but Apple launched a free, public program with built-in mechanisms for providing feedback two years ago. Since then, it’s expanded the scope of its beta program to include MacOS, previously OS X. “The reason you as a customer are going to be able to test iOS is because of Maps,” said Cue. As for Apple’s future Maps and beta plans, Cue didn’t elaborate. But artificial intelligence might have something to do with it, he hinted. “You’re trying to determine what are the features, what are the ways it can work really well, what are customers looking for, and what are the things you can do that are going to improve their lives,” he said. Also watch: Apple iPhone 6S Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Please enable Javascript to watch this video
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Does your state have America's poorest drivers? Study reveals 25 areas with the worst motorists 'Speeding ticket' and 'traffic ticket' googled in Florida more than any state Mississippi and Oklahoma came in second and third  Nevada ranked 10th and is the 3rd worst for traffic and speeding tickets  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 18:32 EST, 8 August 2016 | Updated: 11:33 EST, 9 August 2016 e-mail 519 shares 167 View comments When drivers are too slow or honk obnoxiously as they pass by, it's custom to look at their license plate to see what state they are from. Now, financial tech firm SmartAsset has compiled driving data to determine which states in the US have the worst driving habits. The study reveals that you should steer clear of those bearing a pair of oranges on their license plate, because Floridians top the list. SmartAssest gathered data in four areas in order to compile their list: DUI per thousand drivers, deaths per thousand drivers, Google trends on driving tickets and percentage of drivers in the state with insurance.  SmartAsset determined the top 25 states in the US with the worst drivers - however the firm highlighted the top 10. Florida ranked number one due to the low number of insured drivers and high number of Google searches for 'speeding tickets' and 'traffic tickets' Study author Derek Miller said: ‘We then indexed each factor for every state giving equal weighting and then finding the average score per state to create the final index. 'Maybe it’s the heat causing road rage, but four out of the top ten states in our study are located in the southeast.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Ancient remains discovered at ‘America’s first city’ reveal... Amazon plans to turn Alexa into a ‘Star Trek’ AI assistant:... The origin of dirt: Plant fossils suggest soil began... Autopilot to the rescue! Tesla's self-driving feature may... Share this article Share 519 shares And the firm deemed Florida the worst out of all 50 states, which they say is ‘often plagued with a reputation for bad drivers’. The Sunshine State was found to not only have the second lowest number of insured drivers in the nation, but ‘speeding tickets’ and ‘traffic tickets’ were Googled more than another other state.  SmartAssest gathered data in four areas in order to compile their list: DUI per thousand drivers, Deaths per thousand drivers, Google trends on driving tickets and percentage of drivers in the state with insurance It seems that many of the bad drivers reside in southern states, as Mississippi (second), Alabama (sixth), Tennessee (eighth) and Texas (ninth) all made the top 10 list. Mississippi, which placed second, ranked fifth in the most deaths from automobile accidents and 12th for DUI arrests per thousand drivers. And third place went to Oklahoma, as only 74 percent of the drivers in the mid-west state are insured and they have one of the 15 worst scores for DUIs.  THE 10 STATES WITH THE WORST DRIVERS? 1. Florida: The Sunshine State was found to not only have the second lowest number of insured drivers in the nation, but ‘speeding tickets’ and ‘traffic tickets’ were Googled more than another other state. 2. Mississippi: This southern state had the 5th highest deaths resulting from vehicular incidents and 12th highest rate of DUI arrests per driver in the country.  They also ranked 3rd worst in that category with only 77% insured.  3. Oklahoma: Only 74% of drivers and they have one of the 15 worst scores in DUIs per thousand drivers (7.74), number of people killed per thousand drivers in vehicular incidents (.21) and rate of googling parking and traffic tickets (52.13). This study found that you should steer clear of those bearing to oranges on their license plate, as Floridians have been deemed the worst drivers in the US 4. New Jersey: The Garden State has the second most deaths per driver at .61, almost 90% of the drivers are insured. 5. Delaware: This state is unfortunately the only one with more deaths per driver than New Jersey.  It has the lowest DUI rate per driver, only 40% of deaths occurred when the driver was above the legal limit for drinking, which is the 4th highest rate in the country. 6. Alabama: This southern state also has bad scores, with 33 percent of deaths resulting from a driver over the legal alcohol limit.  7. Vermont: Vermont leads the nation in DUIs per driver with 50 per thousand drivers, but they have the lowest percentage of deaths resulting from drunk driving - 20%. 8. Tennessee: The Volunteer State is one of the least insured states with just 20 percent and it has the 18th highest number of deaths per thousand drivers. 9. Texas: Tragically for Texas it has the highest percentage of deaths coming from drunk drivers at 40% and yet it is in the better half of states for DUI arrests. 10. Nevada: This is the 3rd worst state for traffic and speeding tickets as well as being the 17th worst state for DUIs. Source: SmartAsset  ARE WOMEN WORSE DRIVERS THAN MEN?  Women are far more likely to fail their driving tests than men, new figures have revealed. According to 2014/15 government statistics, women are less likely to pass their test at the first attempt than their male counterparts whether they are aged 17 or 50. But bosses at the Automobile Association believe females have much better appreciation of road safety once they have passed compared to men. According to government statistics from 2014/15, a 17-year-old girl is seven percent less likely to pass her first test than a boy of the same age. This figure increases as the years go on to 15 per cent for a 20-year-old woman, 25 per cent for a 20-year-old, 41 per cent for a 35-year-old woman and 50 per cent for a woman aged 50. It comes as AA research found women are four times more likely to admit their partner is a better driver than them. Some 28 percent of female motorists accept that their other half is more proficient behind the wheel compared to just 7 percent of men. A total of 37 percent of women claim they are the one who is more careful, while 13 percent believe that applies to their partner. Only 16 per cent of men accept that their partner is safer than they are, however.   Some may be wondering where New Jersey ranks on the list, as it’s believed to have some of the worst drivers in the country. But according to SmartAsset’s study the Garden State comes in fourth with its poor rankings fueled mostly by number of deaths with 0.62, which is a distant third-place from Mississippi’s 0.29. Another state with a reputation for bad drivers, has found redemption with this new study. Massachusetts was listed as 48 on the list, because motorists there lead the nation in insured rates. Delaware (fifth) and Vermont (seventh) joined New Jersey from the east coast. And even though Delaware as the lowest DUI rates per driver than the Garden State, it has the most deaths - 40% of deaths occurred when the driver was above the legal limit for drinking. Whereas Vermont was found the leader in the nation for DUIs per driver with 50 per thousand drivers. Only 20 percent of the drivers in Tennessee are insured, making it one of the leased insured states in the US, however they are in the better half of the country for DUI per thousand drivers at 5.7. The Lone Star state makes the top 10 list as well, coming in at ninth place, with the highest percentage of deaths coming from drunk drivers at 40% and yet it is in the better half of states for DUI arrests.   And last on the list is Nevada, which was found to be the third worst state for traffic and speeding tickets and the 17th worst for DUIs – but 88 percent of Nevada drivers are insured.   Read more: States With the Worst Drivers | SmartAsset.com States With the Worst Drivers | SmartAsset.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 519 shares Most watched News videos Gruesome moment Korean chef dissects a LIVE octopus Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Teen films a burning 'meteorite' moving across sky in Japan Shocking moment man hits women in mass chicken shop fight Tidal surge filmed on Sunaoshi River in Tagajo, Japan The moment a 7.4 magnitude earthquake hit Fukushima Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Kim Kardashian attacked in Paris by notorious prankster Doorman knocks-out troublemaker during two-on-one confrontation 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Boyfriend plays awful snake prank on his sleeping girlfriend Mystery homeless woman in Rome avoids questions from reporter REVEALED: Number of Hamilton stars haven't voted in YEARS... Six rebel electors have signed an agreement to try to block... Grieving mother of three bus crash victims says she... 'F*** him!' Emotional TV anchors and execs hit 'bluffing... EXCLUSIVE: Frankenstein-like experiments, no anesthesia and... Was Hillary robbed of election by HACKERS? Experts urge... Politico editor resigns after calling for 'baseball bat'... Just in the nick of time! Obama gives out his last Medals of... In from the cold: Donald feels the warmth down in Mar-a-Lago... PIERS MORGAN: Once a fame-addict like Kanye started... Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing... Cops fear copycat attacks across the U.S. after a FIFTH... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Instructions on how to deal with a nuclear attack, and an abandoned box of toilet roll: Eerie photographs... Want to swim faster? Forget what your instructor told you and SPREAD your fingers Do 'life hacks' really work? Scientists unveil global experiments to test them - beginning with claims steel... What does YOUR phone reveal about you? Android users tend to be honest while Apple fans are more outgoing Rotten Confederate history: Time capsule buried in 1895 is unearthed, but its contents - including Jefferson... Will the iPhone 8 have GLASS casing? Rumours suggest Apple will ditch metal to support wireless charging The never-ending rainbow: Stunning circular phenomenon is spotted over Portsmouth harbour Lost shrine of Norway's 1,000-year-old Viking king uncovered: Archaeologists claim to have found the church... Government calls for phone makers to 'lock out' apps in a moving car amid 10% spike in traffic deaths Get ready for superfast internet: £1 billion investment could bring 'full-fibre' and 5G broadband to... The Bronze Age ancestor of Rodin’s ‘Thinker’:  Bizarre 3,800-year old pensive statuette is found in Israel So much for brain freeze! Eating ice cream for breakfast could make you SMARTER Would YOU try virtual reality in the bedroom? Nearly half of women admit it could make sex more enjoyable The stunning image that sent the internet into a spin: Can you work out what's REALLY pictured here? Twitter is left red-faced after suspending the account of its OWN chief executive in bizarre blunder  MORE HEADLINES Is there a PYRAMID in the Antarctic? Bizarre theory claims an alien base is hidden in a huge triangular structure Have alien hunters spotted 'hundreds' of UFOs leaving the moon (or could it just be an optical illusion...) Did Nasa's Spirit Mars rover spot signs of life on the red planet in 2007? Researchers say mysterious deposits 'closely resemble' those found at hot springs on Earth Ever wondered why World War I fighters didn't shoot their own propellers off? Stunning slo-mo video reveals the 'sync gear' in action Will the iPhone 8 be a FLIP PHONE? Apple is awarded a patent for new flexible handset design  Want to swim faster? Forget what your instructor told you and SPREAD your fingers Apple confirms its return to Black Friday with 'one-day shopping event' - but won't say what will be on offer The 'invisibility cloak' made of trees that could protect buildings from earthquakes Watch out! Viral 'prank video' will CRASH any iPhone or iPad almost instantly: Here's how to fix it Stunning medieval murals painted over by Shakespeare's father on the orders of Henry VIII are revealed for the first time in 450 years Your iPhone can be unlocked by a HEDGEHOG: Video reveals TouchID can store a tiny pawprint as experts question the security of fingerprints Is YOUR iPhone 6s affected by the 'unexpected shutdown' bug? Apple will now replace the battery for free Do 'life hacks' really work? Scientists unveil global experiments to test them - beginning with claims steel can remove the stench of garlic How to deal with political debate at the Thanksgiving table: Psychologists say we should channel Winston Churchill and 'never let a good crisis go to waste' Construction of the world's first full-scale Hyperloop prototype begins in Las Vegas: Futuristic pods that could travel at 760mph will be tested next year MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Turning up the heat! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72,  during vacation in Mexico  'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Addressed the breakup  'Little miss dynamite': Laurie Hernandez wins season 23 of DWTS with partner Valentin Chmerkovskiy Olympic gymnast raised the mirrorball trophy Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears Sizzling Former Real Housewives Of Miami star Joanna Krupa parades around in teeny bikini while soaking up the sun in Florida  Flawless body Become a deal diva: Savvy shoppers reveal how you can save HUNDREDS this holiday season  Sponsored Fashion photographer releases intimate unseen images of the world's most beautiful women - including Angelina Jolie and Cindy Crawford  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face 'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital...as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis There could be trouble From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around in the projects and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbors reveal after his arrest for possessing cannabis  'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  Filed a lawsuit against an attorney  Emmy Rossum reveals she was NAKED when Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail surprised her with a proposal of marriage Was a shock  Eminem's ex-wife Kim Mathers, 42, gets probation for DUI crash in which she tried to kill herself by driving into a pole near her home in Michigan  A fashion faux paw! Hilary Duff wears unusual outfit that includes a top covered in cat faces and bell-bottom jeans Eccentric ensemble  Nick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Was stopped outside a convenience store  Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron, 41, flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Slender limbs What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' to promote his new festive range of socks Another day, another island! As his Caribbean tour continues Harry arrives in St Kitts to meet local schoolchildren (but struggles with names) Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Her own way of coping Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam A very public proposal  Isla Fisher lets slip during a live interview that Vince Vaughn is working on a Wedding Crashers sequel Hinted that the follow-up is on the horizon   Cristiano puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Octomom says she stopped working in porn after seeing her daughter strut around in her stripper shoes and reveals she and her 14 kids are now vegan Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for? Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicola Peltz Out and about 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase  Embraces the label   Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst, and 'the minor is thinking about suing him' 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet photographers for exposing Chrissy Teigen's wardrobe malfunction Peek-a-boob! Actress Sophie Monk suffers a nip-slip in daring sheer bejewelled silver frock on ARIA Awards red carpet Sheerly a mistake? Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'I wish Blake Lively was my best friend': Selena Gomez admits she has a girl crush on the blonde actress in new interview Candid comments  He's certainly got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with  brunette who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger  Not 'your song': Elton John DENIES he'll play pre-inauguration concert for Trump after his tunes blared before campaign rallies without permission 'They told me my hips were too wide': Teenage model exposes the dark side of the fashion industry with brutally honest Instagram posts Spoke to her followers Judge cutie! Julianne Hough stuns in glamorous gown as she attends Dancing With The Stars season finale She certainly looked ready to rumba  Their breast display! The Veronicas reveal their ample busts as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to sparkle... The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident and 'will not pursue further' There's more good news for the actor The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television Your wallet will thank you! FEMAIL rounds up the best Black Friday deals and doorbuster sales to kick off your Thanksgiving holiday weekend  Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons She's one of the biggest rock stars on the planet Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'My days as a lingerie model'! Birthday girl Kelly Brook shows off her jaw-dropping figure in a throwback snap from 20 years ago as she turns 37 How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He won't have any problem paying Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at The Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good Sci-fi princess! Felicity Jones stuns in gossamer gown dotted with ancient symbols at Rogue One fan event in Mexico City Coffee-colored frock Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris Jenner rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Very affectionate Daring duo! The Veronicas sport matching sheer frocks at 2016 ARIA Awards... after giving a busty display performing In My Blood TOPLESS Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder are attached at the hip as they enjoy some holiday shopping in Beverly Hills Appeared very much in love Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing marijuana after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbors complained about him smoking drugs'  Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills Splashed some cash 'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital That's award-winning! Medal of Freedom recipients De Niro, Hanks and Diana Ross all strike a pose for the Mannequin Challenge at the White House   Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon says Planned Parenthood commits 'genocide' against black Americans Discussing life post-election Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Little left for imagination The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother who dissolved in tears as her son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Kardashian clan rush to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize screaming rapper' That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalized 'She's coming home!' Adele announces two huge gigs in London in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour after announcing plans to have another baby  American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' He apologized She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Stroll in NYC Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills The father and son duo went for a posh lunch What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Volunteering 'Thanks, America': Miley Cyrus loses teenager Darby Walker as two of her singers face elimination on The Voice Suffered two blows 'I've never tried cutting a bra before!' Prince Charles cracks a joke  at breast cancer charity event - before sharing a laugh with comedian Jennifer Saunders 'There wasn't a wardrobe malfunction': Young designer behind THAT Chrissy Teigen dress says the star wore it 'perfectly' Daring thigh high split Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) She comes from a family of talented musicians 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Always fashionable Intense new trailer for Martin Scorsese's Silence sees Andrew Garfield risk his life to rescue persecuted mentor Liam Neeson Quite the new look Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Longing for hot weather Off on a new adventure! Carefree Elsa Pataky shows off her natural beauty as she goes makeup free during a helicopter ride over the sea Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Looks every bit a model EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler announces she is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump Hot to trot! Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau Unusual attire 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex Newborn baby girl 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's upcoming sequel Cars 3 Red number 95 car voiced by Owen Wilson Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into London Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause Such a joker! 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Where are North and Saint? Kim and Kanye's kids 'are under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency Being taken care of Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who came to hospitalize the screaming rapper in cuffs' during episode  Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumors he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry Reports of a split The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Epitome of relaxation 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Adriana Lima insists she doesn't diet for the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show because she's 'always ready' for the catwalk, as she reveals her top routines 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during interview Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer The struggle! Morning show star Rachael Ray, 48, 'has gained weight, is having night sweats and migraines during rough time with menopause' Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony As Chrissy Teigen and Rachel Hilbert hit the town in sky-high slits, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest options to shop and reveals how to avoid wardrobe malfunctions Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' Celebrating the arrival of her little boy! Jenna Bush Hager and Savannah Guthrie flank Today's Dylan Dreyer during her baby shower Sweet celebration Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' Is she living with mom? Tommy Hilfiger insists 'any designer should be proud' to dress Melania Trump, after designer who dressed Michelle Obama claimed she would NEVER work with the future First Lady  So good she bought it twice! The Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in $1223 black cocktail dress she bought in red for Canada tour at charity ceremony Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Two contrasting worlds. Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash 'Baby and mom are doing great!': Bachelor stars Chris and Peyton Lambton welcome their first child together Chris shared the happy news on Instagram 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close-friend Kanye West hours after the rapper was taken for treatment  Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye is taken into a Los Angeles hospital  'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York PIERS MORGAN: Once a fame-addict like Kanye started mainlining with the Kardashians it was only a matter of time before he overdosed 'I wasn't surprised' 'I love when my kids need me': Kris Jenner talks about momager duty... as it's claimed daughter Kim Kardashian has moved back in with her Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere No pain, no gain: Reality star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Painful procedure  Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle in Los Angeles  Tommy Hilfiger, 65, and wife Dee Ocleppo, 46, dress to impress for the Angel Ball where Kris Jenner welled up in tears Hollywood's preppy pair A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of Ocean's Eight Wanted to be behind the action for a change  Ivanka Trump bundles up daughter Arabella and son Joseph as she takes them to school - but opts to brave the cold weather in just a chic skirt and blouse Ellen DeGeneres' entry to White House for Presidential Medal Of Freedom ceremony is delayed because she forgot to bring her ID Had to wait on a bench Boomer hits the red carpet! Michael Phelps's son joins his celebrity dad and mom Nicole at Golden Goggle Awards where the swimmer carried off the top prize  Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as kids beg them to be nice to during the holidays' 'I help make nice salads but I have no idea how to make a turkey!': Gisele Bundchen says she will ask for help when cooking Thanksgiving meal PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from her Game Of Thrones character as she joins A-list co-star Mel Gibson for filming in Dublin  'I'm very proud that I am all natural': Paris Hilton gets sexy for cover of Galore magazine as she insists she's never had plastic surgery 'It wasn't on my radar at all': Ben Stiller describes his shock at discovering 'aggressive' prostate cancer - and dealing with side effects after treatment 'We remain strong during this difficult time': RHONY star Jill Zarin reveals husband Bobby's cancer has returned Disease has spread  Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie The Birth Of A Nation because it's her 'reality'  Attacked 24 years ago Kim Kardashian 'likes' friend's Instagram post about being 'alive for a reason' and 'not giving up'... as husband Kanye is hospitalized after a 'psychotic breakdown' What emergency? Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian bring the glam to Angel Ball in two very racy dresses... as it emerges Kanye West has been hospitalised 'Mental illness isn't anything to mess with': Kanye West fans react to his shocking hospitalization as #PrayForKanye trends on Twitter 'It was one of the happiest time of my life!': Lauren Graham talks about the 'magical' Netflix revival, Gilmore Girls: A Year In the Life experience Tim Allen bashes 'hypocritical' Hollywood stars who criticized Donald Trump for being a bully - before doing the same thing to his supporters HBO releases 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls The whole cast will be back for the swan song,  'I apologize to anyone that I offended': Gigi Hadid speaks out about controversial Melania Trump impersonation during AMA hosting gig Used a fake accent That's one way to avoid being worst dressed! Bella Thorne and sister Dani strip down to their underwear after disastrous AMA outfits Bethenny Frankel's boyfriend Dennis Shields 'threatens her ex husband Jason Hoppy with harassment lawsuit after he sent couple 49 hostile emails' 'Hopefully you'll put them on and take them off shortly thereafter!' 50 Cent launches new men's underwear line  - including boxer-briefs for $150 Carrie Bradshaw would be impressed! Sarah Jessica Parker steps out in a fashion savvy outfit as she strolls around the West Village  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat The (fashion) force is with her! Felicity Jones, 33,cuts a ladylike figure as she attends Rogue One: A Star Wars Story photo call in Mexico Turned heads Can these lipsticks last through YOUR Thanksgiving? FEMAIL puts new 'long-wearing' formulas starting at just $6 to the test with impressive results 'He's on a mission to win her back': Scott Disick has 'cleaned up his act' in hopes to reunite with Kourtney 'for good' amid rumors duo are living together  After a job on SNL? Gigi Hadid showcases her karaoke prowess with a rendition of Popular from Wicked... after Melania Trump impersonation Charlize Theron shows fuller figure in loose maxi dress after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully She skipped the cosmetics 'I am truly honored to host the most prestigious award show in music': James Corden announced as presenter of the 2017 Grammys The Late Late Show star Taking the plunge! Kristin Chenoweth puts her cleavage on display in a green jumpsuit on The Tonight Show ahead of appearance in Hairspray Live Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during Caribbean tour  He is island-hopping in the Caribbean  Inside the wedding that changed the British monarchy forever: Rarely seen intimate photographs of Edward VIII's marriage to Wallis Simpson go on sale  Feeling nippy? Alessandra Ambrosio goes TOPLESS to promote swimwear line in sexy Instagram promo Jaw-dropping snap It's Keira Sprightly: Make-up free actress smiles on the arm of husband James Righton for stroll in London... after her stalker appears in court Chrissy Teigen apologizes for showing her 'hooha' on AMAs red carpet as she thanks laser hair removal specialist following wardrobe malfunction How to do the splits (and how NOT)! After Chrissy Teigan apologizes for flashing her 'hooha', here's our guide to wearing a dress with a slit  Kate Hudson looks downcast as she dines out in plunging sweater and thigh-high boots... after helping mother Goldie Hawn celebrate her 71st birthday Like A Virgin! James Corden seduces Anna Kendrick in hilarious bedroom skit before she recreates Lion King moment and 'gives birth' Their own take on film  Want to indulge in a Thanksgiving Day feast AND stay trim? FEMAIL details every exercise you need to do to burn off an average 5,000-calorie Turkey Day meal  'I went from 25 to 1.4 million followers - pretty cool!' Millie Bobby Brown, 12, dishes on her sudden rise to fame in Netflix's Stranger Things She plays Jane 'Eleven'  Emma Stone looks pretty as a picture in an elegant printed dress as she attends screening of romantic musical La La Land with Bradley Cooper  Dominic Cooper goes casual with girlfriend Ruth Negga as they sport his and hers padded jackets for low-key London stroll Winter attire  'I'm a 26-year-old woman!' Zoella defends her racy new image as she lounges on a bed in her underwear for photo shoot for Blogosphere magazine  Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown as she leads stars at the Animal Ball 2016 in London 'Everything is ruined because of Kanye': Kris Jenner stuns in sheer gown at Angel Ball... but 'spends most of night dealing with West's situation' Kris Jenner wells up with tears during tribute to late ex-husband Robert Kardashian at Angel Ball in NYC Broke down over late ex-husband 'It rivals that first year': Mother-of-eight Kate Gosselin, 41,  says having a house full of teenagers is as challenging as when the sextuplets were babies Kate Moss, 42,  flashes a coy smile as she steps out in London wearing a leopard print fur coat and skinny jeans for casual shopping spree Retail therapy  Ready for Christmas! Coco Austin has her daughter Chanel poses in a diamond necklace and red Santa dress for glamor shoot Looking ahead  Moonlight and American Honey lead the Independent Spirit Awards nominations... with Jackie and its star Natalie Portman also getting nods Pregnant! Bad Girls Club star Natalie Nunn is expecting her first child with husband Jacob Payne... one year after heartbreaking miscarriage A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list Both their films bombed 'Did Jennifer Aniston just mention "sex toys" in front of disabled children?': Actress stuns viewers as she suffers early evening gaffe on live British TV Having a ball! Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson cuddles up to girlfriend Claudia Traisac on a date night full of laughter at the LA Clippers game Forget about it! Niall Horan enjoys low-key evening out in LA with a mystery blonde... after THAT handshake with former 1D bandmate Zayn Malik Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her figure in a tiny two-piece on the beach in Dubai ahead of British reality TV debut  'I'm not dumb. I'm not a drug addict': Chloe Lattanzi hits out at haters in online rant... days after she moved away from mum Olivia Newton-John Peace y'all! Reese Witherspoon models a fun top as it's announced she's launched a media company to deliver female-driven content Victoria Beckham shares video of son Cruz singing Bieber ballad in the studio... as Justin praises his 'buddy' for 'great job' covering his track 'It looked like they're dating': Mariah Carey spotted 'hand in hand' with Bryan Tanaka... after 'spoon feeding' dancer in Los Angeles restaurant Awkward night for Harry as Antigua PM invites him and Meghan Markle for honeymoon, then hostess tries to drag red-faced Royal out for a dance Princess-in-waiting? Family of Meghan Markle share family album pictures of Prince Harry's girlfriend as a 14-year-old girl Never-before-seen pics Fourth time's a charm! Sarah Ferguson recycles her favourite orange gown as she joins daughter Princess Beatrice at star-studded charity ball in New York  Polished in plum! Queen Letizia of Spain wears purple accents as she joins husband King Felipe VI for a religious ceremony in Madrid 'I'm going to have another baby!' Adele reveals plans to expand her family with Simon Konecki as she closes her US tour with sold-out show in Phoenix 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot Stack it like Beckham! Brooklyn takes a terrific tumble as he shows off his skateboarding skills in central London  Didn't show much prowess on four wheels 'Didn't Madonna do this 20 years ago?' Swedish singer Tove Lo reveals she was 'shocked' when her sexually-charged short film was briefly banned by YouTube 'Big brother time right around the corner': Teresa Palmer shares sweet snap of her kissing her son Bodhi as she is due to give birth in a matter of weeks Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Taking a walk on the wild side! Queen Maxima looks lovely in leopard-print as she attends a royal engagement in the Netherlands  Is that a Christmas jumper, Queen Mathilde? Belgian royal looks festive as she reads to schoolchildren to celebrate the country's book week 'He wasn't young when I watched it': Peter Capaldi defends his more mature incarnation of Doctor Who  Some were critical  Leggy look! Toni Garrn shimmers in backless mini dress with cape sleeves at 2016 Angel Ball in NYC She wore her blonde hair in a ponytail Lily Donaldson shows off her endless legs in stunning scarlet gown with a thigh-high split as she struts down the red carpet at the Angel Ball in NYC Christina Milian oozes old Hollywood glamor in plunging gown with white fur shawl at star-studded NYC benefit Put on a busty display What a work-out! Former Miss International Sweden  Katarina Konow , 24, does SQUATS while lifting a man who weighs 13-stone Christmas come early? Lily-Rose Depp shops at Yves Saint-Laurent on Rodeo Drive with 'boyfriend' Ash Stymest Spotted sauntering down Rodeo Drive The perfect match! Ryan Lochte and former Playboy model fiancée Kayla Rae Reid sport matching sweaters as they step out for dinner Anna Faris 'fined $5000' after her rescue Chihuahua was found homeless and in bad shape She adopted the dog four years ago Elegant Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her svelte physique in a skintight navy dress as she attends Underworld photocall in Berlin Wowed in blue  George Harrison's only child Dhani to divorce former model  Solveig 'Sola' Karadottir after four years of marriage Filed for divorce in Los Angeles We can't stand losing it, but we're downsizing say couple who have put Sting's teenage home in North East England on the market for $323,000  Parents bought it in 1966 Commanding attention! Lily Collins works the red carpet in sexy thigh-high split shimmering gown for Rules Don't Apply premiere in LA 'Mummy, you did it!': Adele shares sweet snap of her welcome home from son Angelo... as she prepares to take '10 year break from touring' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Before the great clean-up began! Vintage pictures of New York in the 1970s show the raw life of the city in stark contrast to its modern glitz  355 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Vending machines across Canada now accept Apple Pay Android 7.0 Home button could provide a direct route to Google Assistant Google trolls 16GB iPhone users with new Photos ad Patrick O'Rourke August 8, 2016 6:00pm While it’s possible Apple could finally kill its 16GB iPhone storage tier with the launch of the iPhone 7 this September, current storage strapped iPhone users likely repeatedly run into the error featured in this clever Google ad. Google has released an amusing new commercial that showcases Google Photos’ “free up space” funcionality. The ad features multiple missed photo opportunities, including graduations, birthdays, selfies and even Bigfoot sightings, all because the iPhone in question runs out of storage each time. The issue is also displayed in Apple’s well-known iPhone notification style. It is weird, however, that when the camera pulls back, it’s actually a Nexus 6P featured in the ad, despite the obvious dig at Apple. With Google Photos new free up space feature, once a photo has been uploaded to the cloud, users are given the option to delete the local copy of the video or photo, freeing up local storage on their smartphone for other purposes. This feature becomes even more useful when paired with Photos’ lower-quality free unlimited storage option. It’s important to keep in mind that this free tier does downgrade the quality of your photos. To be fair, the iPhone is also capable of backing up photos via Apple’s iCloud service in order to clear up built-in storage, though most users will likely need to pay for more storage if they at least use their camera somewhat regularly. SourceYouTube jpd514 “most users will likely need to pay for more storage if they at least use their camera somewhat regularly.” In french they call that “une arnaque” in english I think they call that “a cheat” and Mobilesyrup call this “to be fair” What a strange world Vito R. He was simply comparing backup options. It never ceases to amaze me how followers of a particular mobile brand or political affiliation or comic books take personal offence when someone critiques something the wrong way (in their eyes). What I find strange is that YouTube is the source when the wording is strikingly similar to an earlier post I read about this on a different site. jpd514 Sorry, if you take my comment as personal offense. Vito R. No need to be sorry, I wasn’t offended, I was amused. jpd514 Like me I suppose, you where amused when you read this : “most users will likely need to pay for more storage if they at least use their camera somewhat regularly.” ???? Vito R. I pay for storage with Google, don’t you? jpd514 With the Galaxy Note 5 Samsung offered me 100 Gb of free storage on Microsoft One Drive. You have to pay for your Apple addiction. You should quit Vito R. I get OneDrive free, they pretty much give it away. OneDrive is the least useful of the bunch in terms of a photo cataloging solution. Like I said, I pay for Google Storage for Android but you feel free to ignore that. Me Ted I think most of us use Google Drive for the unlimited photo storage option. Humbre I recall this promo is only for 1 year jpd514 No need for Cloud Storage anymore. I pre-order the Galaxy 64GB Note7 and I choose to receive, free from Samsung, a 256 GB MicroSD Card. FREEDOM RoboBonobo You should still back up to the cloud. MicroSD cards aren’t exactly the most reliable. I had one that corrupted everything a few years ago. jpd514 Will back it up to the PC using Samsung Smart Switch and always backing up at least 15GB on Samsung free Cloud. RoboBonobo Yes the important thing is to have multiple back ups on different media and multiple different physical locations. I back up to thumb drives, my PC’s mass storage hard disk, iCloud and Google Drive. Patrick O’Rourke I definitely do. Drive/Google Photos is a great back-up combo. Smanny Google photos is unlimited. Icloud is not. Not to mention an iPhone with a 4k camera with only 16gb of storage was stupid in the first place. It never ceases to amaze me that people that are loyal to a particular brand will defend stupid things. Vito R. It would be pretty stupid to buy a 16GB phone if you’re taking 4K videos. Now, is it stupid for Apple to sell it? Probably not as they know people will buy it and their data tells them that 16GB is probably somewhat OK for many iPhone users. Of course they want most users to spend the extra $100 on the 64GB version. Nadefrenzy It really isn’t. Most casual users struggle with 16GB. Only those who rarely use their phones say elderly people are ok with 16GB. Apple should make 32GB standard. Vito R. If I have a family of 5, should I buy a minivan or a 2-seater to transport us around? Does that mean they shouldn’t sell two seaters or does that mean I shouldn’t buy a two seater for my needs? If you can live within the confines of a 16GB iPhone or Nexus 5x vs spending the extra cash for more memory – go ahead. Personally, I’d go with more memory – but I’d also pay $2mo for storage so I can save full res backups while some wouldn’t. To each his own. josh6025 Considering flash storage is extremely cheap, I recently bought a 32 GB MicroSD for $10, the 64 GB was $25, so the decision to continue to make mid to high end devices, regardless of the brand, with 16 GB of storage is incompetent. Vito R. Well, the type of flash used in MicroSD cards isn’t the same as what they use in phones – but it is still relatively cheap. I would say it’s not incompetent but a good business strategy. Vendors can lower the initial cost for users that don’t need more memory and yet still have options for those that do. I’m not sure what the problem is? Patrick O’Rourke I’m comparing services and being critical of iCloud’s hefty subscription fees, which, I think are more than Google Photos, though I could be wrong. Unfortunately, I don’t think I’m fit to lead this Apple cult you speak of 🙂 demigod79 Come on guys, be fair. Apple is just trying to squeeze out as much money out of their users as possible. I mean, what do you want them to do? Offer unlimited photo and movie storage like Google? 😉 Vito R. Exactly. Apple wants your money for their hardware, Google wants more of your personal information to sell to advertisers. Different sales strategies, both multi-billion dollar corporations. demigod79 Except iCloud is not hardware, it’s a service. Basically, you have the choice between paying for photo storage (iCloud) or not paying (Google Photos). The choice is clear. Barry Harden Add to that a third option with Android phones: built-in microSD storage. Put in a 128GB card and you’re done. Vito R. I prefer phones that get updates, so Nexus is the only ones I keep around and they haven’t had an SD card for a long time. With cloud storage options I’ve never personally needed more than 32GB but I’d buy a phone with 64GB if available. Barry Harden Updates aren’t really an issue if you go third party ROM. Chao Yang Always amaze me that Android fans take third party ROM as option for software update. Not everyone know how to unlock bootloader, flash new ROM and possibly flash raido. I will always prefer iPhone than Android. iOS is much more secure, updated more frequently. There is virtually no lag with iPhone. Barry Harden Actually Android is more secure in that several hundreds of people contribute to a collaborative effort in making fixes and improvements to the Android ecosystem. True not even is technically sound but if that’s the case you can always get a Nexus phone and be done with it. Vito R. It’s actually not more secure in that most OEM rarely update their phones. Barry Harden Never heard of Blackberry’s android handsets? What about Samsung Knox for Android? Both are examples of companies providing the extra effort to ensure their phones are secured to meet the needs of a corporate environment. Vito R. As I’ve said, Blackberry does an excellent job keeping their handsets up to date with security updates. Samsung makes GREAT devices, they just can’t be bothered to update them with the monthly security patches (even though they said they would) leaving them vulnerable to exploits. Omar In 2016, there are tons of programs that are only a Google search away in which doing all of the above takes only a few button presses and a couple minutes of your time. I really couldn’t get any easier. Vito R. Haha, you’re joking right? I spend $800 on a phone and then I need to void my warranty and install crappy software made by a 16yo in his mom’s basement because the OEM i purchased from doesn’t update their products? I’ll pass thanks. Barry Harden You actually have choices in 3rd party ROMs. Last I checked CyanogenMOD is one of the best if not professional modding company run by adults. 3rd party ROMs can do wonders for a phone. Yes you can pass but you’ll always be stuck in Apple hell. Vito R. I buy Nexus phones because I want proper support from the manufacturer and gimmick free software. Cyanogen is a joke of a company. Their business model was a bust and now they’re restructuring. You’re advocating spending good money on a phone and then turning to third parties to support it because the manufacturer has abandoned you. Haha, and people call Apple users sheep. Tell me you don’t see the irony? As opposed to the Apple way which is supporting their customers with OS updates on day one of availability. Don’t you think having Android OEM support their products with timely updates is more desirable than voiding your warranty and flashing 3rd party software that doesn’t work as well as the manufacturer’s software? If that’s what you call “Apple hell” then sign me up. Barry Harden Nexus does add timely support for up 3 years for each device release. That’s more than enough and if you still haven’t changed your phone by then at least you can rely on 3rd party support. Apple sheep don’t realize how closed their ecosystem is. There are many apps that just aren’t available to Apple devices due to their function yet there are no restrictions if you load them to your Android. At the end of the day it’s about choice. You don’t get that with Apple. Vito R. I know, that’s why I buy Nexus phones, but it’s pretty ignorant to say that Android is about choice when manufacturers take forever to upgrade their phones and you try to twist that into a positive haha. Yes, iOS is more restrictive in terms of what apps are allowed to do – but it’s also more secure, has way better OS support from Apple, battery lasts longer, the apps are better and it actually has a working backup system – something Android STILL doesn’t have. Yes, you can change your lock screen and keyboard and launcher Android – but the only time I do that is when I buy a Samsung so I can go back to the Google versions. If you like to tinker with your phone and try out new ROMs then knock yourself out. Moody people just want a phone that works and will *never* actively seek to upgrade it – they’re the ones that get screwed when they buy a non-Nexus device as their phones are open to exploits that have long been patched by Google. Omar OnePlus releases their flagship phones with a custom ROM (CyanogenOS for the OPO, OxygenOS for the rest). Custom ROMS are built directly on AOSP, so it’s like stock Android with custom features added to it. Just because they are made by third party companies or people, doesn’t mean they aren’t high-quality software. This is 2016, and Google encourages custom ROM support by leaving Android open source. So yes, it’s a viable option, even for $800 flagships (there are ROMs available for Nexus devices, btw). I went from a Nexus 5 with stock Android to a OnePlus One with CyanogenOS… in terms of stability and quickness, I didn’t notice any differences. The look and feel was stock, but the amount of customization with the first iteration of CyanogenOS (running on KitKat) was great and maybe even a little overwhelming at first. Vito R. That’s an OEM ROM, not a “custom” ROM. I was referring to ROMs built by people not associated with the OEM. There’s nothing wrong with those ROMs as they’re commissioned by the OEM and have access to ask the non-open source drivers. A custom ROM would be one built by a third party (not released by OnePlus) when you want to get Android N a week or two after it’s released. Omar CyanogenOS is like a custom ROM of CyanogenMOD, which is a custom ROM itself lol… It’s a separate company. The reason OxygenOS exists is because the two companies had some issues with one another. Anyway, custom ROMs run just as smoothly (if not smoother) than many stock/OEM ROMs. Downplaying them without even trying one seems unfair to the hard work those people put into them….. Vito R. I’ve tried plenty of ROMs. You don’t seem to understand my distinction between ROMs floating around on the XDA Developers forums and a ROM commissioned by the device manufacturer. Install a 3rd party Android N ROM on your One Plus and tell me how great it works. It doesn’t matter how hard a “dev” works – custom ROMs do not run better or more smoothly because they don’t have access to the closed source drivers needed to get the devices to run their best. A Galaxy S7 is going to run better on an official Samsung ROM every time – no matter what the ROM builder claims. And a real ROM isn’t repackaging the official one minus the crapware. Omar I have a custom ROM on my One, and vanilla stock on my Nexus 5. Both running Android N. There isn’t any noticeable difference between them. Ofc OEM ROMs are optimized specifically for the respective device, but I would assume the people on XDA forums who have been making them for years have a profound understanding of how to do it. Sounds like you were using CM nightlies, which aren’t stable releases to begin with. But I suppose everybody’s experience will differ, so maybe we should just agree to disagree. Brian Stock Blackberry is actually doing a great job of supporting Android updates so far. Vito R. They are. I’d happily buy a Blackberry once they make a phone I’d want to use. If they made a phone like the One Plus 3 I’d buy it – I’d even be willing to pay a little more for it – but a rebranded Acatel Idol 4 doesn’t do it for me. Brian Stock The DTEK50 doesn’t do it for me, but neither do any other slab-phones with touch keyboards. I use a Galaxy S7 for work and it’s somewhat capable, but I’m still annoyed daily at having to peck out complicated series of characters on a slab of glass vs. a nice tactile keyboard. I’ll buy a Priv or the upcoming Rome/Mercury in the next year, unless manufacturers like HTC and Motorola come to their senses and offer hardware keyboards once again. Vito R. Well, the Galaxy S7 is probably the best all around phone currently on the market. If you don’t like on screen keyboards then BlackBerry is really your only option. HTC and Motorola HAVE come to their senses – that’s why they made the decision to not sell phones with physical keyboards – there’s just not a big enough market for them. I understand it sucks for users like yourself that prefer physical keys to glass, but the vast majority of people prefer a full sized screen in a compact package vs a slider or a phone that’s half keyboard. RoboBonobo You should still back it up in multiple locations. MicroSD cards can corrupt files irretrievably. Vito R. Yes, it is a service, but it’s a supplementary service to Apple’s hardware business – just like Google’s hardware efforts (Nexus, Chromecast) are supplementary to their software business. Apple’s main product is hardware sales does sell your information or serve you ads like Google does – nothing is free my friend 😉 If you’re comparing free vs. paid and your main concern is price – then yes, Google Photos is an excellent option. I use Google Photo’s but I pay for it because I want my full resolution photos. In addition, when you pay for Google Storage (or iCloud) you can store pretty much anything in there – not just photos – for me it’s worth the $2mo imo. FlamesFan89 honest question, and yes, I’m too lazy to look it up myself, but does Apple make more money from iTunes and the App Store or from hardware sales? Vito R. Hardware, by far. FlamesFan89 What are the relative numbers like? I would have thought that with the costs involved in hardware development, compared to software/service development, that the margins would be bigger on the services side, and would close the gap. Vito R. Apple has made something like $15B from the App Store (gross revenue) over the last 7-8 years. They had $42B total revenue and $7B in PROFIT (which was considered bad for them) last quarter. Net profit is high on pure software, it would be less on services like the App Store and iCloud where there is hardward and bandwidth costs involved. FlamesFan89 That all makes sense. Don’t take this as a knock to Apple, as it is not meant that way, as clearly the numbers you provide are staggering, but I’m actually surprised that they haven’t generated more revenue from iTunes. I would have thought that music (and movies and other media) sales would have been a huge portion of their total revenue. Vito R. Haha, I don’t care if you’re knocking Apple, but I have no idea how much they make from iTunes but I would think it is a big number relative to other digital media businesses – it’s just that everything they do is small potatoes when compared to iPhone sales. FlamesFan89 Fair enough. I guess my thought was, if you combined all the things like iCloud, the App Store, iTunes, etc. even if it is small compared to hardware sales, it is still a very big number, and those products and services all benefit from the collection of data, just as Google’s services benefit from the collection of data. So while their core business is certainly iPhone sales, I don’t think it is fair to imply that Apple doesn’t want your data. Perhaps Google wants it more, but it is very naive to think that Apple doesn’t want it, or isn’t using it, at least internally, to drive more sales of apps, music, services, etc. Vito R. Oh I’m sure they use as much data points as they can to learn about their clients and figure out what to sell them next as all companies do – but the difference between Apple (and Microsoft) and Google is that Apple wants to sell you iPhones and Google want to sell *you*. There’s nothing wrong with either model, but there is a difference. FlamesFan89 I disagree. Apple wants to sell iPhones, and Google wants to sell advertising space. At no point, has Google ever sold specific, personally identifiable information to an advertiser. It’s more along the lines of “we know from our data that people that like cars a lot, also look to buy tires, so, Goodyear, we can sell you advertising space in Gmail that targets people talking about cars”. That’s a far cry from “John Smith likes cars, and his phone number is 555-4455, and he lives at 21 Something Street, in Rondomville, and he last searched for a chocolate chip cookie recipe, and also plays Candy Crush, and frequents the local Wal-mart.” Vito R. You can disagree. While they’re not identifying you by social insurance number *you* are what they are selling. The more they know about you they more they make off you. FlamesFan89 Nope, they aren’t selling me. They are selling bundled, generalized, non-specific information about the habits/searches/locations/etc of multiple users. I’m pretty sure that at no point in time have *I* ever been sold seeing as how I have at no point in time ever had an owner. Then again, maybe you aren’t an actual person on the other end of the keyboard, and you are simply a data bundle consisting of non-identifiable information about large groups of users, in which case, *you* likely are being sold as we speak. Vito R. They don’t have to sell a bundle of anonymous users – they can target just you if the criteria matches. They’ve seemingly got pretty decent tools to export and delete your data, but tracking you is how they make money. That’s why they always default to leaving “do not track” off and why Chrome was the last browser to support it. FlamesFan89 Even still, they still aren’t selling *me*. They are selling non-identifiable information about “A typical user”. And in fact, they still aren’t even selling that! They are selling advertising space. If a billboard company is selling space on an empty billboard along Hwy #Whatever, and they tell a potential client that the roadway sees X traffic loads during rush hour, and Y loads during weekends, does that mean they are selling you and your driving habits? Even if they said, there is this one guy, that we know loves your products, and he drives by here every day, are they selling you? or are they selling the advertising space, and telling the client some information about a completely unknown person to them? Omar Google explicitly states they don’t sell your information (same with Microsoft). Rather they both spy on you (mostly with your consent) to provide you with information they deem is relevant to you. I’ve never been personally called up by a company rep and given personal offers for products, ever. These companies have no idea who I am. Vito R. I never said they sell your information to third parties, they keep it for themselves and then target you on behalf of others. Omar You’ve literally said they are selling us, repeatedly, in this thread lol… Vito R. They are selling us by giving advertisers access to us. I’ve explained exactly how they do it and I literally never said what you suggested. thereasoner Apples “service” profits are second only to iPhone profits having eclipsed those of both Mac and iPad. In other words, quite huge indeed. Smanny Google Photos supports images up to 16mp images for free. Anything greater than that, and you will have to pay. Since most phones don’t use higher than 16mp, then there is no issue with images formats and sizes. Vito R. It still compresses the photos – doesn’t keep the original pic. I’m cool with paying $2mo to keep my originals and to have more Google Drive space. Not a fan of this: “If the camera takes photos with 16 megapixels (MP) resolution or lower, *most* stored photos will *essentially* look the same using either storage option.” (Emphasis mine) Video is downsized to 1080p, probably 30fps. Mo Dabbas videos are dropped in quality. That I can notice easily. Not my thing Nadefrenzy It’s $2/mo for only 50GB. demigod79 I’m well aware of their business model and have no problems with it. In fact, I like the way Google uses my personal data to show me customized info and ads (at worst, I get an irrelevant ad that I can just ignore, at best I get a useful product and a more personalized computing experience). It’s the reason why I use gmail for everything, since I want Google to categorize and keep track of things (e.g., package delivery, vacation schedule, etc.). I consider it a value-added service as opposed to a cost. Ans yes, if you need to store the original photos then the free option is not for you. This was one of my initial concerns but I decided the reduced quality was good enough for casual photos and videos. Sally Mae How are those gaping security holes workin’ out for ya? FTR_Part_deux You get 5gb for FREE and the first tier for paid iCloud is CDN$1 for 50gb. Cheaper than Google. demigod79 You get unlimited for FREE with Google Photos. Case closed. RoboBonobo The unlimited option doesn’t save the full resolution photos. This isn’t good if you’re planning to edit the photos on a PC/Mac later on down the line. FTR_Part_deux iCloud is more similar to Google Drive than Google Photos. Google Photos: edit/share photos & vids; organize albums; search by date, place, or people; backup photos & vids. Counts against quote if stored in “original quality”, no quota if in “high” quality” Google Drive: organize photos/vids into folders; keep all files in one place; share/insert photos into docs/sheets/slides; upload/sync files to view from anywhere. Free 15gb or $2.79 (US or CDN?)/mth for 100gb. Sally Mae Right…but no one else is…oh, wait. *derp* willy That’s classic….. beyond funny, but It got boring after the first two or three failed photos, then it was like ‘is this over yet?’ Brad Fortin So, back in the days of film cameras, did people regularly get mad at camera manufacturers when they had used up the whole roll of film, or did they just understand that you could only capture a limited number of photos before having to unload the current ones to make room for the next set of photos? Stephen B Morris Common sense isn’t always common. That being said, it’s a sales ad. It served its purpose. Karl Schneider Exactly. And if you tried to market one of those cameras today…… tech has advanced yet Apple……… Luckily they have their fan base that will defend then regardless. Say again why Apple doesn’t offer expandable memory? Heck the new BB midline phone offers a 2TB microSD card support. TrickyDickie “Say again why Apple doesn’t offer expandable memory?” So that the iTards can rejoice at the greatness that is Timmy when they finally do lol Chao Yang Looks like fandroid like unstable slow as claw SD card. Fandroid also like loss all their pictures. Jay Android users will take the risk of lost photos over the inability to capture the photo in the first place. Common sense. Vito R. Why don’t Google’s own phones offer expandable memory? Stephen B Morris Because like Apple, Google doesn’t feel that it is necessary. Although Google has pretty much addressed the security issues with micro SD, the speed issues is enough for them to stay away for now. OEMs that tend to include a slot for micro SD in their phones usually tend to manufacture and sell the cards as well. The major OEMs anyway. Brad Fortin “Say again why Apple doesn’t offer expandable memory?” Because they’re a pain to manage (“is [app] on my phone, my older 8 GB card, or my newer 64 GB card?” “which card has my Led Zeppelin albums on it?” “here, let me show you my vacation phot- oh, they’re on the card that’s at home, never mind”), most removable memory cards are painfully slow compared to the internal storage (the people too cheap to buy an iPhone with large internal storage aren’t going to suddenly dish out for an ultra-fast U3 or V90 card, they’re more likely to get the slower and cheaper Class 10 with a read/write speed around 10 MB/s, compared to the internal storage at 400 MB/s read and 165 MB/s write), and there’s no room on the logic board for it (have you ever compared an iPhone teardown to another device teardown? The iPhone’s logic board is *very* densely packed, every square millimetre is used, which is in stark contrast to other devices that have large gaps and empty spaces on their logic boards). Maybe one day they’ll offer something like Android’s Adoptable Storage, mixed with their Fusion Drive software. Maybe they’re removing the headphone jack to make room for a microSD card slot (probably not). Marc Palumbo No they won’t unless Apple releases their own proprietary memory cards, which I still doubt they would. I think with 32GB, it’s enough memory for now. FlamesFan89 I don’t disagree with the speed difference, as that is plain and simple fact, but there are plenty of people, myself included, that are appreciative of the option to have an SD card slot on the phone, with absolutely zero intention of constantly swapping them the way that you characterize it. I’m not sure I have ever met, or heard of anyone, who has multiple cards that they are regularly swapping in and out. Me personally, I like that I can put a big card in my phone that has all my music on it. Speed doesn’t matter. I’ve never had an issue accessing my music, and it not being fast enough. It works at a speed that I can’t notice any difference accessing a music file on the device vs. on the card. And the great thing is, when I get a new phone, I move my card into the new phone, and I’m done. No need to transfer my 60+ GB of music to a new device via cable or anything. It’s a 5 second process of moving the card from one device to the next. So, while the speed argument is valid, and I don’t have anything against any company who doesn’t include an SD slot, it can be a nice feature to have, and it is certainly something I give weight to when picking a device. There is no need for the hyperbole. Brad Fortin You forgot to address the physical space requirements for a microSD card slot. There’s literally no room for it inside the device. FlamesFan89 two things: One, I’m not saying the iPhone should have one. I don’t care if it does or not. Two, they could literally design a new device and include it, and stop striving for paper thin. You are correct that they couldn’t put it in their current model, but there is nothing stopping them from including it in future models, they just have to alter their design. The design has changed in the past, no reason it can’t change in the future. My original point was simply that you were rather hyperbolic with your depiction of people having numerous cards, and swapping them constantly, and forgetting the ones they need, yadda yadda yadda. I think the reality is more that people throw a big card in once, when they first get the device, and then go on living their lives, without thinking twice about it. There is no doubt about it that internal storage has huge benefits over expandable storage, but that doesn’t mean that expandable storage doesn’t also have benefits. Marc Palumbo This is a great analogy actually. My only issue with this is that we only look at photos, but phone memory is taken up by other things as well such as music, videos, apps, etc. As evolution occurs with file size, we have understood that we require large hard drives to accommodate the growth of file sizes. I do think that the iPhone 7 will come in base 32GB. I think we’ve reached a point where it’s become ridiculous. Brad Fortin “I think we’ve reached a point where it’s become ridiculous.” Ridiculous for who, though? A few years ago Apple noticed that power users (32 GB and 64 GB) were regularly filling up their storage, but average users (16 GB) weren’t, so they doubled the higher storage tiers (to 64 GB and 128 GB) while keeping the base storage tier the same. They’ll no doubt increase the base storage (from 16 GB to 32 GB) one day, but only once they notice the average user is also regularly filling up their storage (like they did when they went from 4 GB to 8 GB, and again when they went from 8 GB to 16 GB). Marc Palumbo Ya I agree completely, but you just told me “A few years ago Apple…”. I think we can assume that that data is out of date possibly. I know a lot of people who get the 16GB iPhone because it’s expensive already but have to suffer with the 16GB space. Apple can simply start at 32GB and sell it at the same price and just omit the 16GB model all together. Brad Fortin As far as I understand it they’re trying to find a balance between offering enough storage in the base tier that the average user doesn’t regularly run out and not offering so much that a significant amount of the storage shipped is wasted. Apple’s been the world’s largest flash memory buyer for a few years now, and if they upgrade the base storage when most users wouldn’t need it they would be wasting both money and the resources required to make the memory (especially when a lot of those resources are conflict materials). With Apple’s ethos being that they want to leave the planet better than they found it, not wanting to waste flash storage by leaving a large amount of it unused makes sense. FlamesFan89 bwah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ok, the only part of that comment that is grounded in reality is the part about not wanting to waste money. Possibly they don’t want to waste resources, but only because it would result in wasted money. Any garbage about wanting to leave the planet better than they found it is pure kool-aid drinking nonsense. If that were truly the goal, they wouldn’t be in the electronics business. Brad Fortin “Ok, the only part of that comment that is grounded in reality is the part about not wanting to waste money. Possibly they don’t want to waste resources, but only because it would result in wasted money.” And what about the part where they want to reduce the use of conflict material? or do the lives of others not matter to you? “If that were truly the goal, they wouldn’t be in the electronics business.” It’s possible to be in the electronics business and still do well when it comes to environmental policies, and were they not in the electronics business other companies would fill their place without putting the same kind of effort into their environmental policies. Like how they’ve shifted almost all of their operations to renewable energy while their competitors largely use non-renewable energy, or like how they ensure their devices and chargers use less energy when idle than competitors’ products, or like how they prefer to use highly recyclable glass and aluminum instead of cheap and less recyclable plastics, or like how they’re willing to pay more for conflict-free materials rather than going for cheaper conflict materials, or like how they use packaging made from paper sourced from sustainable forests, or like how they use more expensive materials that are free of toxic substances rather than going for cheaper materials that contain things like mercury, lead, PVC, and BFRs. To think that they can’t make a difference in the industry is just plain ignorant. All aboard the Apple Hate Train, choo choo! FlamesFan89 “And what about the part where they want to reduce the use of conflict material? or do the lives of others not matter to you?” Um, I’m not the company making electronics. I’m not sure why you are questioning my use of conflict material. It’s great that they are doing all the things you list. Those are all excellent things to do, but they are an unbelievably far cry from “leave the planet better than they found it” What I’m saying is that you have nicely proven that advertising works. All aboard the Apple Love Train, Choo Choo! Brad Fortin “Um, I’m not the company making electronics. I’m not sure why you are questioning my use of conflict material.” If you purchase devices that use conflict material then you’re responsible for increasing the demand for those materials. Not being the manufacturer doesn’t absolve you of responsibility. “It’s great that they are doing all the things you list. Those are all excellent things to do, but they are an unbelievably far cry from “leave the planet better than they found it”” I’d like to hear your ideas for how we can leave the planet better than we found it. Does it involve everyone becoming luddites? FlamesFan89 Your jumps in logic are hilarious. I don’t buy Apple products, therefore I am in support of the use of conflict materials. That’s rich. Do you do standup on a regular basis? I also love the jump from me saying that there is a difference in operating in an relatively environmentally responsible manner, and actually improving the earth, to somehow that meaning I want the world to live as luddites. You’re a hoot. You should entertain children’s parties. Brad Fortin “Your jumps in logic are hilarious. I don’t buy Apple products, therefore I am in support of the use of conflict materials. That’s rich. Do you do standup on a regular basis?” All I said was “if you purchase devices that use conflict material then you’re responsible for increasing the demand for those materials”, whether they’re Apple products or not. You made that jump in logic all on your own. “I also love the jump from me saying that there is a difference in operating in an relatively environmentally responsible manner, and actually improving the earth, to somehow that meaning I want the world to live as luddites.” Your statement earlier of “if [leaving the planet better than we found it] were truly the goal, they wouldn’t be in the electronics business” implies that it’s not possible for an electronics company to meet that goal, which also implies that we can’t reach that goal so long as there are electronics companies. If you meant something different you should have worded your statements differently. FlamesFan89 No, the logic jump fails are all yours. You said yourself that Apple is trying to REDUCE their use of conflict materials, meaning that they do still use them, even if it is at a reduced rate. So by your logic, we should all become luddites and avoid electronics, because by purchasing them at all, we are increasing the demand for them, and therefore, are fully supportive of conflict materials. In fact, it means we practically commit the human rights violations personally. Furthermore, you have an issue with reading comprehension. I stated that if *Apple’s* goal, note the emphasis, is to leave the earth *Better* than they found it, again, note the emphasis, then they should not be in the electronics business. You had it right when you said “it’s not possible for an electronics company to meet that goal” but then made the jump to “which also implies that we can’t reach that goal so long as there are electronics companies” which is where you failed. It is possible for humans to leave the earth better than found, and perhaps it would mean not having electronics companies, and everyone being luddites, but I’m not suggesting we do that (hence your logic fail). *APPLE* is suggesting *THEY* can do it, but I stand behind my statement that they cannot, and that if that truly is *THEIR* goal, then they are not in the right business. You have tried to turn that into me suggesting that the world shouldn’t have electronics companies, and that I think we should all be luddites. That is absolutely not the case. Brad Fortin No, you. FlamesFan89 I believe you just laid down your King. Brad Fortin Again with the leaps in logic. I don’t think you even notice when you do it. FlamesFan89 I’m pretty sure you don’t know what logic actually is. After all, I’m not the one who thinks that buying electronics means that you are in favour of what happens in the Congo. That’s you. FlamesFan89 Also, for the record, Google is also working to reduce their sourcing of conflict minerals for their data centre hardware, they just aren’t marketing it like Apple is, so again, I say in regards to you: Hook, line, and sinker. You are the stuff that Apple’s marketing department’s dreams are made of. Marc Palumbo So I figured this should be updated. Apple did decide to offer 32GB as the base now. It was just a slow evolution for Apple because now the standard has changed. File sizes are still growing each day and this change was important for Apple. Now that has quieted quite a few complainers from the Apple front. Brad Fortin It hasn’t really quieted anyone, they’ve just moved on to complaining about the headphone jack. Although it’s nice to see that they also went back and increased the iPhone 6S to 32 GB and 128 GB. Marc Palumbo There will always be complainers. But for me, the airpods aren’t good… yet. Just the battery life alone is seriously dissapointing. For 159$, you can get nice BT speakers that last longer.. probably have better quality sound too. Right now, I don’t see the benefits outweighing the problems, even with the features of the W1 chip. Brad Fortin The battery life is pretty good for the size, better than anything else their size, and with the case you can recharge them in about 15 minutes. Pairing is also dead-simple, and the pairing propagates to any other Apple devices signed into the same Apple ID. The W1 chip seems pretty amazing, too: Class 1 Bluetooth, so a range of ~300 feet, and about 1/3 the power of previous chipsets: The Beats Solo 2 lasted ~12 hours, the new Beats Solo 3 with the W1 chip last ~40 hours. Marc Palumbo 5 hours of total music playback isn’t good at all. It would suck to have to wait 15 minutes to get a 60% charge. The only ones who would find pairing an issue are the ones who aren’t really tech savvy and haven’t paired BT ever. I find the battery life extremely disappointing. If you wanted BT headphones, the AirPods would not be a choice. Brad Fortin 5 hours is plenty for most people. It’s not often people listen to music for more than 5 hours, non-stop. Charge them while you go to the bathroom, or eat, or something. Pairing is still an issue for 90% of people. Especially if you want to switch inputs from a phone to a tablet (or whatever other device), don’t know the default pairing code, etc. Eliminating that hassle is great for the majority of people who aren’t tech savvy. Marc Palumbo 5 hours is plenty? i don’t know about that. Charging things constantly is a major hassle. I would rather have convenience than hassles. if the battery would have been 10 hours, I wouldn’t have said a thing. You’re kind of forcing people to walk around with they airpod chargers now of which people already carry around powerbanks. Men will start wearing fanny packs again. Jay This isn’t 1980. We don’t expect 1980 options. Why not go back 300 years when we had to draw pictures in the sand with a stick… Did people get mad at the sand company because they had to keep wiping their pictures to make new ones? Brad Fortin You might have to add a couple more 0’s to get to the point where drawing pictures in the sand was the best way to communicate. Point is, there’s always going to be a storage limit, even on a service that purports to offer “unlimited” storage. s0pcannon Nope they had a counter so you knew roughly when you would run out. Brad Fortin Just like iOS has a warning when you’re running low on storage but haven’t filled it up yet. But, of course, people regularly ignore warnings of any kind. Stephen B Morris “It is weird, however, that when the camera pulls back, it’s actually a Nexus 6P featured in the ad, despite the obvious dig at Apple.” It’s not weird. You don’t show your competitor’s product in your ad. Those who are fed up with having the same problem may see your product as the solution and switch phones. The subconscious thought process for the ad is to first see that the solution isn’t your current phone (Hey that doesn’t look like an iPhone) then cause you to consider it as a viable option (Hey if that phone can do that, what else can it do? Maybe I should get that one). The Nexus 6P product placement wasn’t a case of not having access to an iPhone. Nothing in marketing is done by accident. Nothing. Vito R. Most people don’t know what a Nexus 6P is, they’d look at the phone and assume it was just a generic black slab. Also, you absolutely want to show your competitors product if you’re slamming it. That said, not really sure they’re competitors here – Google doesn’t care if you use an iPhone as long as you use their services. Stephen B Morris They are competitors in a sense. Google is trying to get you to use Google Photos vs Apple’s iCloud services. You are right in stating that Google doesn’t care necessarily about you using an iPhone. That doesn’t mean that they can’t plant “seeds” in the ad to make you consider switching platforms. Yes not too many people are aware that the Nexus exists and if this was a Nexus ad, then the ad would have failed at delivering the message with very little screen time. However just showing a phone that clearly does not look like an iPhone should be enough for those bothered by what they feel is their iPhone’s shortcomings to consider other options. People get hit with what, 10000 ads a day. Some blatant, other are more subtle. Sometimes just planting a seed is good enough for now. Sally Mae Yo, y’all! Where’s the story about the millions of Android devices with gaping security holes…?!? MoYeung Not t-r-o-l-l, just a tease Moose Google can’t laugh at iphones with only 16GB of storage and no SD card. The Nexus 5 was the same and it was the only one available at Canadian carriers. blzd As is the 5x released last October. I wonder if this means the upcoming Nexus devices will get rid of the 16GB option finally. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (0) Post your comment Google now lets you order out or book a table from Search in India 08 August, 2016 Google has partnered with service providers in India to let you order your food or a book a table at a restaurant from within the Google Search app on Android and iOS. Now, when you search for a restaurant, you will see the option to book a table there or order food online. For the restaurant booking, Google has partnered with Dineout and Bytplus, and for ordering food, Google has partnered with Zomato and Swiggy. For now, this service only works with select restaurants in select locations. It will be rolled out in other regions and for other establishments in future. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Login All Reviews Editorials News Samsung's New Smartphone Innovation: Jet Black When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Watch Users get 5K Challenge for Thanksgiving Tips iOS and watchOS: Seeing Historical Heart Rate Data Wi-Fi Mesh Systems Compared: eero, Orbi, AmpliFi Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-22: Listener Comments on Apple's WiFi Plans TMO Background Mode: Interview with the Founder of olloclip Patrick O'Neil View All Results → Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks View All Reviews → Jony Ive Designs Christmas Tree with No Decorations When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Has the Experience to Make an AR Bombshell Come True Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass View All Editorials → Google Photos Commercial Aims at iPhone Owners Who Need Storage Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Aug 8th, 2016 4:52 PM EST | Cool Stuff Found Google has a new spot poking at an issue affecting million of iPhone owners—not enough storage for photos and videos. Related: new 16GB iPhones shouldn’t be a thing in 2016. Oh, and I specify iPhone owners because the popup window at the heart of the ad’s gag is iOS. Besides, Google knows the best customers use iPhones. Anyhoo, Google has a solution for this problem, the Google Photos app. With this app, your photos and videos are uploaded to Google’s cloud storage (where Google then pilfers them for information it can sell to advertisers). The company left that parenthetical bit out of the ad, but the ad is really good. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit One Comment Add a comment jhorvatic August 9, 2016 Free until they change there plan on you. Why would I want to when there is plenty of room in the iCloud and my information is not pilfered and plastered all over the web. Also if Google is advertising this as free just wait 6 months to a year and they will be asking for a lot of money for you to keep those photos up there. Every free storage cloud that I ever tried would do this so I gave up on all of them and will not take that free bait anymore. So everyone don’t fall for it or you will be sorry. August 9, 2016 at 1:34 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple's Intent Isn't the Same as Committing to Mac Automation Jeff Gamet | November 23, 2016 Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For John Kheit | November 22, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $110.88 -0.92 (-0.82%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Samsung's New Smartphone Innovation: Jet Black When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Watch Users get 5K Challenge for Thanksgiving Apple Quietly Kills AirPort Extreme by Breaking Up Wireless Router Team Apple Launches Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Recent Tips See All » iOS and watchOS: Seeing Historical Heart Rate Data Wi-Fi Mesh Systems Compared: eero, Orbi, AmpliFi iOS 10: Deleting Previous Handwritten Messages iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages Recent Editorials See All » Jony Ive Designs Christmas Tree with No Decorations When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Has the Experience to Make an AR Bombshell Come True Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass 2160 Bryan Chaffin cool-stuff-found 1 1470675151 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
null
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 Morning News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 58° 58° Low 51° High 70° Thu 49° 77° Fri 48° 73° Sat 46° 61° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Google Employee, 27, Found Dead After Going for Jog Near Mother’s Massachusetts Home Posted 2:15 PM, August 8, 2016, by CNN Wire, Updated at 03:44pm, August 8, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video A young Google account manager was killed on Sunday. Vanessa Marcotte, 27, was found dead near her mother's home in Princeton, Massachusetts, a small town of fewer than 3,500 people. Marcotte, who lives in New York City, was visiting her mother for the weekend. She'd gone out for a walk or a run in the afternoon. Her family reported her missing around 3 p.m. when she didn't return home as expected, according to Maureen Lynch, administrative assistant at the Princeton Police Department. Her body was found just after 8 p.m. by canine units in a wooded area on Brooks Station Road, the same street where her mother lives. According to WCVB in Boston, a police source close to the investigation said Marcotte was found naked and had burns on her head, feet, and hands. The death is being investigated as a homicide. An autopsy is underway. In a press conference on Monday, Massachusetts District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. stressed that it was still early in the investigation and that they're unsure if the act was random. According to her LinkedIn profile, Marcotte had been at Google since January 2015 and was working as part of the company's health care division. "Vanessa Marcotte was a much loved member of the Google team, working in our New York office for the last year and a half, and known for her ubiquitous smile, passion for volunteer work, and love of Boston sports," a Google spokesperson said. "We are deeply shocked and saddened, and our thoughts are with her family and friends." Marcotte graduated with honors in 2011 from Boston University, where she earned her bachelor's degree in communications. Upon graduating, she worked at an online marketing software startup in Boston called WordStream. Larry Kim, founder of WordStream, said he's in disbelief over the news. "I never envisioned this outcome [for her]," Kim told CNNMoney. He said that Marcotte joined the team when it had less than 15 people and stayed there in various customer service roles for just under two years. "She was just a delightful person," he said, characterizing her as "bright," "ambitious" and "caring." Boston University's executive director of media relations, Colin Riley, sent an email statement to CNNMoney expressing condolences for her loved ones. "We're so terribly sad for her family and friends. They're in our thoughts and prayers." #BREAKING - Source close to invest tells me Vanessa Marcotte found w/o clothes; Burns to head, feet, hands #WCVB pic.twitter.com/5cOHuFburi — Juli McDonald (@julimcdonald) August 8, 2016 42.448702 -71.877296 Filed in: Nation/World Topics: massachusetts, Vanessa Marcotte Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Facebook Popular Pregnant Woman Fatally Stabbed During Fight in Venice; 3 Attackers Sought Parent Says Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready to Die’: Report Heartbreaking Video Shows Teacher Snatching Mic Away From West Virginia Boy With Autism at School Play New Federal Overtime Law Takes Effect Dec. 1, Will Impact Millions of U.S. Workers Latest News Kansas City Water Park to Demolish World’s Tallest Water Slide After 10-Year-Old Boy’s Death Nostalgic and New Toys With Millennial Mom Expert Jenna Barnett Vasquez Canyon Road in Santa Clarita Set to Reopen Following Landslide Damage LAX Prepares for Record Number of Thanksgiving Travelers Nation/World Boyfriend of Missing Texas Teen Girl Arrested After Her Mother, Sister Found Dead Nation/World Indiana Mother Told Police She Used Her Hands to ‘Smother’ Two Young Children to Death: Court Documents Local News 2 Fatally Shot at Home in Winnetka; Shooter at Large: LAPD Local News 52-Year-Old Woman Suspected in Two Glendale Kidnapping Attempts Arrested: Police Local News Mother, 4-Year-Old Daughter Fatally Shot as They Returned to Long Beach Home: Police Local News Son Killed Mother Before Fatally Shooting Himself at Irvine Home: Police Local News Long Beach Officials Issue Plea, Offer $40,000 Reward in Fatal Shooting of Mom, 4-Year-Old Daughter Nation/World 5-Year-Old Girl Abandoned at NYC Bus Terminal Leads Police to Mother’s Body; Father Sought Local News Nation/World 4-Year-Old Girl Whose Remains Were Found in Plastic Tote in Washington Had Been Dead for Years: Authorities Nation/World UFO ‘Expert’ Found Dead After ‘Vomiting Black Liquid’ Texted Mother Warning Days Before His Death Local News Oklahoma Man Charged With Murder in Killing of Long Beach Mother, 4-Year-Old Daughter: DA’s Office Local News 17-Year-Old Boy Charged in Fatal Stabbing of Ex-Girlfriend in Pico Rivera Morning News 2-Year-Old Girl Found Dead in Fontana Home; Mom and Step-Grandfather Arrested on Child Abuse Charges: Police Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2016, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← The iOS-only apps we wish would come to Android OnePlus 3 review: Third time’s the charm → PSA: Google Drive is down for many today, Google is working on it Aug 9 Posted by ishubhamsingh How’s your morning been? If you rely on Google Drive, maybe not so good. Google Drive is experiencing a widespread outage today, preventing access to files and documents. Google is working on the issue and expects to have more news later this afternoon. You’ll know if you’re affected just by opening Drive. The page is simply failing to load for some people, displaying the message “The server encountered an error. Please try again later.” It’s been fine for me today, but several members of the AP team have been unable to load Drive at all. Hangouts might also be having problems, but we haven’t seen any issues on our end. Read More PSA: Google Drive is down for many today, Google is working on it was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2aMuYc2 via Blogger http://ift.tt/2aVdjOF Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on August 9, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← The iOS-only apps we wish would come to Android OnePlus 3 review: Third time’s the charm → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (880) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (188) IFTTT (195) TalkAndroid (759) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,197) Android Authority (3,271) Games (3,657) Phones (3,657) apps (3,658) tablets (3,660) android (9,654) Recent Posts Snapdragon 835 tipped for the Galaxy S8, but what about Exynos? November 23, 2016 Android 7.1 gets a second developer preview build for Nexus devices November 23, 2016 OnePlus gear now available to purchase in India November 23, 2016 Google phasing out ‘Google Cast’ name for connected TVs, speakers November 23, 2016 Google phasing out ‘Google Cast’ name for connected TVs, speakers November 23, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 75,185 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Jobs Bestride Real Estate Classifieds E-Edition Subscriber Services Account Register Login Subscribe About Access E-Edition DMG Rewards Manage Subscription Customer Service Live chat Newsletters Manage Account Log Out Columbus, Ohio • Nov 23, 2016 • 40° Overcast The Columbus Dispatch News RSS Feeds Podcasts News Topics Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Legal Notices Local Lottery Medicine & Health Obituaries Offbeat Religion Science Special Reports US & World Weather Corrections   News Blogs -Browse by Topic- Business Columbus Education From the editor Local history Politics Public records Religion Science and environment News Blog Directory Commentary Alan D. Miller Theodore Decker John Switzer Sports RSS Feeds Podcasts College Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges High School High School Sports Other Sports Outdoors Pro Sports NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Auto Racing Sports Blogs -Browse by Sport- Blue Jackets Buckeye football Buckeye men's basketball Buckeye women's basketball Clippers Crew Golf High school sports Sports Blog Directory Commentary Michael Arace Bob Hunter Rob Oller Opinion RSS Feeds Podcasts Editorials Today's staff editorials 7-day archive Editorial Cartoons Recent Nate Beeler Cartoons Searchable Archive   Letters to the Editor Today's letters and web-only letters 30-day archive Submit your letter Op-Ed Columns Today's columns 30-day archive Life & Entertainment RSS Feeds Podcasts Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Horoscopes Pets DispatchClassifieds.com Puzzles Travel Weekly Ads Entertainment Books Celebrities Dining Events Movies Music Television Theater Life Blogs -Browse by Topic- Cycling Food For kids Joe Blundo Pop culture Old houses Pets Real estate Theater Life & Entertainment Blog Directory Commentary Joe Blundo Advice Columns Reader Columns Services Customer Service Manage Subscription Live chat Call Service: 1-877-734-7728 Call Billing: 1-866-790-7748 Subscription Home delivery E-Edition Submissions Obituaries In Memoriams Celebration Announcements (ceremonies, engagements, etc.) Letters to the Editor Entertainment Events at ColumbusAlive.com DMG Rewards Current Rewards Advertising Place an Ad Media Kit Other Services Weekly Ads Coupons Columbus Savvy Shopper Dispatch Events Newspapers in Education Contact Need help? Visit our FAQ page or use our Contact Form. Customer Service Need help? Try our live chat or online customer service. For service, call 1-877-734-7728. For billing, call 1-866-790-7748. For other inquiries, use our Contact Form or Staff Directory. Subscriptions Subscribe to The Dispatch online or call 1-877-734-7728. Advertising To place help wanted ads, call 614-888-8888 or visit ColumbusJobs.com For private seller and classified advertising, call 614-888-8888 or visit DispatchClassifieds.com. For retail advertising, call 614-461-5500 or email us. For national advertising, call 614-461-5199. For online advertising, call 614-461-5143 or email us. Newsroom To send news tips, use our News Tip Form or call 614-461-5200. Visit our Staff Directory. Use our Contact Form, or call 614-461-5200. Dispatch Careers Visit dispatch.com/careers or call 614-461-5033. Fax 614-461-5565. Interested in delivering The Dispatch or The Bag? Check out dispatch.com/delivery or dispatch.com/bagdelivery. Subscribe Total Access Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today! Select Digital D Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad. Select Home Delivery Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you! Select E-Edition Weekly Ads Video Photos Data Obituaries Hot Links: no title Best cookie recipes Thanksgiving travel Thanksgiving tips Food for The Game It's Michigan week Community dinner Holiday closings Home News Business Troy Wolverton commentary: Don’t delete your Flash player just yet Troy Wolverton’s Technology column appears on Mondays. Connect With Us Facebook Twitter E-Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Text Alerts My Yahoo! The Bottom Line Personal incomes rose 3.7 percent in 2015 in central Ohio Other Business Features Columbus airports are keeping busy Toyota recalling 834,000 Sienna minivans in North America Local Stories from ThisWeek Spurlock: Holy Chicken not a hoax Development could bring 20 acres into city Dublin school district faces suit over previous eminent-domain intent Leaders hope to support, not just fill spaces Teacher's presidential bid amazes Neighbors anxious about potential boost in traffic City looking at plan for a cohesive future development Columbus could enact kibosh on 'hotels' in some areas University, seminary start work of reuniting More Articles The Dispatch E-Edition The E-Edition includes all of the news, comics, classifieds and advertisements of the newspaper. And it's available to subscribers before 6 a.m. every day. Subscribe All current subscribers have full access to Digital D, which includes the E-Edition and unlimited premium content on Dispatch.com, BuckeyeXtra.com, BlueJacketsXtra.com and DispatchPolitics.com. Subscribe today! By Troy Wolverton San Jose (Calif.) Mercury News  •  Monday August 8, 2016 4:35 AM For a technology that was supposed to die years ago, Adobe’s Flash has shown remarkable resiliency. So while you might think recent moves by Google and Mozilla to reduce support for the technology mean you can finally stop worrying about updating your Flash player, don’t be surprised if you keep running into sites that require it for years to come. “This is the story of technology transitions,” said Al Hilwa, an analyst who covers application development. “It just takes time.” A program that plugs into a web browser, Flash is commonly used to deliver ads, stream video and provide games to PCs users. For years, it was a crucial technology for the web, in part because HTML — the web’s native language — lacked comparable capabilities. But Flash has been on the deathwatch for years. It’s been criticized for being a memory and energy hog, for causing browser crashes and for opening gaping security holes. Thanks to such complaints, most famously voiced by former Apple CEO Steve Jobs, Adobe could never establish it on smartphones or tablets, which have replaced PCs as the center of computing. Meanwhile, web standards bodies have moved to replace it on PCs with HTML5, which promises to give web browsers the ability to do much of what Flash did without the plug-in. Given that history, Mozilla and Google’s announcements — which are only the latest blows for the technology — would, at first glance, seem like the final nails in its coffin. But even their announcements acknowledge that the technology will linger on. When Mozilla said last month that it was backing away from Flash, it made clear it wasn’t going to drop the technology right away. Instead, it plans to move gradually. Starting this month, Mozilla’s Firefox browser will start blocking some Flash files that are invisible to users, ones that are used by websites to do things like track usage. Later this year, Firefox will block other Flash files that are used to determine whether consumers view particular advertisements. Some time next year — Mozilla hasn’t said when — Firefox will block all Flash content by default. But even then, consumers will still be able to run Flash in Firefox and they’ll be able to access Flash files by simply clicking on them. Google is likewise taking a gradual approach. It announced in May that its Chrome browser would start blocking Flash files by default for most sites starting in the fourth quarter of this year. But it would allow Flash to run unimpeded on the top 10 sites. And as with Firefox, Chrome will continue to support Flash and will allow users to view Flash files by simply clicking on them. Oh, and neither Mozilla nor Google has said if or when it plans to completely dump Flash. “We’ll still continue to ship Flash Player with Chrome for the foreseeable future (and) we intend for it to be simple to enable on a per site basis,” Anthony Laforge, who helps oversee Chrome development at Google, said in an online forum targeted at web developers. That’s likely because as bad a reputation as Flash has developed, it’s still widely used to deliver videos, ads and, especially, games on the web. It’s going to take time to move away from it. One of the obstacles is the daunting task of converting the millions of Flash videos or other files to HTML5, a move that will take significant time and investment. “It’s not just a flip of a switch,” said Nick Barber, an analyst who covers video technology at Forrester Research, a consulting firm. Another obstacle is getting Flash developers up to speed on HTML5 and related technologies. HTML5 isn’t difficult to learn, but it can be intimidating to those who haven’t worked with it before, said Cory Hudson, the creative director of Jellyfish, a digital ad agency. His agency moved development from Flash to HTML5 over the past year or so as Google first moved to block the autoloading of Flash ads in Chrome and then announced that it would bar Flash-based ads from its advertising networks. HTML5 “definitely could be perceived to be challenging for some, especially if they don’t know where to start,” said Hudson, who also serves as the chairman of the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s working group on HTML5. One other factor that’s inhibiting the move away from Flash is that while native web technologies have improved, they still come up short in some ways compared with Flash. While Flash offered a common format for web videos across browsers, browser vendors are pushing competing and incompatible technologies for encoding and distributing web videos. And game developers say that web technologies aren’t yet ready to replace Flash. “When technologies fall out of favor it’s usually because other better technologies were created, and the market reacted,” one game developer said on the Google Chrome forum. “That’s not what is going on with Flash. We don’t have a better technology for games.” And there’s also just plain old inertia. It can be hard to get people and companies to change what they’re doing, whether they’re individual web developers or midsize gaming companies or large enterprises that have vaults full of Flash videos. Given just how popular and established Flash was, it’s going to be even more difficult to displace than the average technology. So don’t uninstall your Flash Player just yet. For better or worse, you’re likely to need it for some time to come. Troy Wolverton is a technology columnist for the San Jose (Calif.) Mercury News. Reach him at twolverton@mercurynews.com or follow him on Twitter @troywolv. Favorite Print Story Advertisement • Place an ad News Video More Videos Advertisement • Place an ad Explore Columbus Search Businesses Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Add Your Business COLUMBUS ATTRACTIONS Columbus Bars Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Columbus Doctors Medical Specialists Contractors Construction Education in Columbus Lawn Services Lawyers in Columbus Shopping in Columbus Travel to Columbus Tanning in Columbus Used Cars in Columbus Wedding Services News Blogs The Bottom Line Personal incomes rose 3.7 percent in 2015 in central Ohio Average income rose to $46,570 per person last year The Bottom Line Chipotle offers Buckeyes a discount Buy a burrito, get a burrito for wearing scarlet and grey The Bottom Line Columbus Brewing Co. heads south Central Ohio's largest craft beer maker to expand distribution The Bottom Line The five most popular items on Thanksgiving Day Meijer reveals the items shoppers load up on at the last minute More News Blogs Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad Site Map About the Dispatch About Our Ads Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contacts Store Work with Us News Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Local Medicine & Health Obituaries Religion Science US & World Weather Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Sports Commentary High School Sports Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Nate Beeler Cartoons Op-Ed Columnists Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Travel Advice Columns Joe Blundo Columns Entertainment Topics Books Dining Events Movies Music Theater Classifieds Columbus Jobs Columbus Real Estate Bestride Dispatch Classifieds Services Customer Service Reader Rewards Place an Ad Submissions Reader Options Home Delivery Archive Mobile E-Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Podcasts Dispatch Media Group Dispatch Media Group Browse Affiliate Sites Dispatch Media Group The Columbus Dispatch BlueJacketsXtra BuckeyeXtra Columbus Alive Columbus Parent Columbus Monthly Columbus Weddings Columbus CEO ThisWeek Community News Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad © Copyright 2016 GateHouse Media, Inc. and Propel/DMG, reproduction prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Apps/Gallery/Video Apps Google Photos video takes jab at 16GB iPhone By Brandon Russell | August 8, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo At first, 16GB of storage sounds like more than enough. But take a few pictures and download a few apps, and suddenly you’re out of space. This new ad from Google highlights the issue plaguing smartphones everywhere, in particular showing how tough it is to own an iPhone with just 16GB of storage. Google Photos is already an invaluable service because it offers free unlimited photo and video storage. But there’s also a neat feature that will automatically free up space on your device by deleting photos and videos that have already been backed up by the service. The feature can be found in settings of Google Photos, and will instantly delete pictures and videos on your device that are hogging valuable space. I deleted over 500 items on my iPhone, freeing up space for more photos and videos that I’ll eventually have to delete. It’s a little scary getting rid of so much media in bulk but your device’s storage will thank you. Just make sure if you’re doing it on iOS you remember to clear your recently deleted folder, otherwise, your storage won’t actually be freed up. Oddly, the ad above is clearly showing an iPhone in use, only to pull back and reveal the Nexus 6P. It’s the subtle jabs that sometimes hurt the most. Apple is rumored to be ditching the 16GB iPhone in favor of 32GB as the base model when the iPhone 7 is released, something that’s been widely adopted by some of Apple’s biggest competitors. Source Google Topics #Google #Google+ Photos Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Nexus rumor roundup: The “Nexus Launcher” and other exclusive features And get ready for something newer than "Android 7.0"—Some Google apps target "API 25." by Ron Amadeo - Aug 8, 2016 8:31 pm UTC Login to bookmark Android Police's mockup of the new Pixel Phones, based on inside information. Android Police With Android 7.0 Nougat and the new Nexus devices fast approaching, Google is no doubt hard at work developing and testing the latest wave of features coming to the Android ecosystem. The Android N Developer Preview has given us a look at the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) side of things, and it looks like the coming Nexus devices will be the launch point for the proprietary "Google" side of Android. These could trickle down to other devices someday, but for now it seems like Google is developing a suite of Nexus-exclusive features to further differentiate the Nexus line from regular phones. There has been a never-ending string of rumors and reports about the new Nexus devices and their accompanying software, so here's a roundup of the latest rumors we're monitoring from reliable sources. The Nexus Launcher and Google Wallpapers Ron Amadeo The current Google Now Launcher versus the leaked Nexus Launcher. Things are different. Ron Amadeo The current Google Now Launcher versus the leaked Nexus Launcher. Things are different. Ron Amadeo Swipe up to open the app drawer, which is only slightly tweaked. Android Police When installed as a system app, the "G" button turns into a pull tab for the Google Now screen. Ron Amadeo Left: You can see the name "Nexus Launcher" in the home selector. Center: The barren Nexus Launcher settings. Right: Stats for the "Google Wallpaper" app. Ron Amadeo The Google Wallpaper interface. Google's current home screen is the "Google Now Launcher," which started as an exclusive Nexus feature and eventually made its way to the Play Store. For 2016, there is apparently a new Google home screen called the "Nexus Launcher," which re-imagines what an Android home screen should look like. We've actually heard about this app from two different sources: the app's existence was first revealed by Android Police and then a full APK was later leaked by Nate Benis. The Nexus Launcher brings two obvious layout changes to the home screen. First is the complete lack of an app drawer button. The app drawer still exists—it's now opened with a swipe up gesture, as the small "up" arrow in the bottom third of the screen is supposed to indicate. The bottom row of icons is still a sticky "dock" that exists on every home screen, and the dock is differentiated with a frosted background. With the app drawer icon out of the way, the dock can now fit five app icons instead of four. The other major change is the removal of the Google Search bar. There's now a "G" tab on the left side of the main home screen, which is meant to indicate that you can swipe over to the left screen to access Google Now. Tapping on the "G" tab opens Google Search, just like the old search bar. The "G" tab doesn't persist across home screens the way the Google Search bar did—it only lives on the main home screen. With no full-width search bar, the right side of the screen is now free to show a date widget. The Nexus Launcher brings major under-the-hood changes, too. Today on Nexus devices, the Google Search app handles home screen duties, and while there is a "Google Now Launcher" app in the Play Store, it only unlocks the functionality present in the Google Search app. The Nexus Launcher is a standalone APK, which would pull the home screen out of the Google Search app. It's probably no coincidence that Google has been quietly developing a Google Search API that allows Search to communicate with launchers, and here we see a separation of Google Search and the launcher. How the "G" tab works depends on how your phone is set up. As a user-installed app, it's a circle widget that only opens a Google search. In order to get the tab that swipes over to the Google Now page, it needs to be installed as a system app. As Android Police rightly cautions, the way the G tab works now might not be what Google intends, since no one has a "2016 Nexus" Google Search app. The different package name of the Nexus Launcher ("com.google.android.apps.nexuslauncher," if you're wondering) means it will not be an upgrade of the Google Now Launcher. We're looking at a totally new app, and judging by the name, it's exclusive to Nexus devices. As it stands right now, the launcher seems very unfinished. There's a whopping three settings, and the Google button and month widget are permanent. It might look significantly different when it comes out, or it might not come out at all. It's definitely from Google, though. As part of Nate Benis' leak, there was a second APK of note that we're going to call "Google Wallpapers" (the package name is "com.google.android.apps.wallpaper," but it's generically called "wallpapers" in the app list). The Nexus Launcher will actually crash if you try to change the wallpaper without this app installed, so the two are closely linked. Google Wallpapers provides a new large thumbnail interface for picking wallpapers, and it features a load of images from the 500px photo community. There's an option to subscribe to a category and automatically switch wallpapers every day. Inside the app there are also references to live wallpapers called "Live Earth" and "Live Data," but no one has seen them in action. Google apps target API 25: Android 7.0 is already old news Android's public version numbers (Android 6.0, Android 7.0, etc.) are probably determined by a marketing department inside Google that looks at the value of an update and adds an appropriate amount to the version number (usually +1.0, +0.1, or +0.0.1). Developers have their own versioning system, though, called "API Levels." API Levels have much simpler parameters: every release is a new whole number. Android 6.0 is "API level 23;" Android 5.1 was "API level 22," and so on. Apps "target" these API levels, which lets the OS know how up to date and feature-aware an app is so the OS can treat it appropriately. Android 7.0 Nougat is API level 24. Since 7.0 is not even final yet, it's definitely the latest version of Android, right? It would seem not. The Nexus launcher leak, Google Wallpaper leak, Google Photos, and the Play Store all target a currently unheard-of API Level: "API Level 25." So Android 7.0 is not even out and already may be old news. The only explanation is that Google had some last-minute things that didn't make it to API Level 24, and now it's revving up a new API level with the additions. Based on recent history, this could be called Android 7.1 or even 8.0 depending on the magnitude of the changes. This won't hurt developers that have updated their apps for Nougat and are targeting API 24, since APIs are always backward compatible. It sounds like there are some new goodies floating around, though. We wonder what the new additions will be. Expand full story Page: 1 2 Next → Reader comments You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Ron Amadeo / Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Was Android Device Manager accidentally enabled in Android-supporting Chromebooks? Kevin Parrish Digital TrendsAugust 8, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Newly discovered information seems to indicate Google's Chromebook could be getting Kaby Lake and Apollo Lake CPUs in the near future, potentially in a new Chromebook Pixel or convertible 2-in-1 machine.More Just two weeks ago, Google introduced a geolocation feature to Chrome OS 52 so that IT administrators can keep track of company-owned Chromebook devices, locating them no matter where they are across the globe. It’s similar to Android Device Manager, and right now there’s no real feature in Chrome OS that allows consumers to track down their Chromebooks, too … or is there? First, back in May, Google announced that its Android-based Google Play store was coming to Chrome OS, meaning Chromebook owners would be able to download and install Android apps on their device. Right now, there are only four Chromebooks that support Google Play: the Asus Chromebook Flip, the Acer Chromebook R11, the Acer Chromebook C738T, and the Google Chromebook Pixel (2015). A huge list of additional devices that will support Android in late 2016 and into 2017 can be found here. Related: Two more Chromebooks have Google Play support thanks to an update in the developer channel That said, the Asus Chromebook Flip, Acer Chromebook R11, and Google Pixel (2015) running the version of Chrome OS in the beta channel reportedly have access to Android Device Manager. The latest beta version is 53.0.2785.47 as of August 4, which according to Google, includes feature enhancements, security updates, and bug fixes. If you’re not familiar with Android Device Manager, it’s a free service offered by Google to track down and manage Android devices. Granted the device must be powered on to actually find its location, users can force it to make a sound in case it was misplaced nearby. Otherwise, users can lock down the device and reset the password, and erase all data if needed. Naturally, it works best with 3G/4G devices, but Android gadgets connected via Wi-Fi can be spotted, too. To make sure Android Device Manager is activated, device owners can simply go into the “Settings” app, tap on “Google,” and then tap on “Security.” The virtual switch next to “Remotely locate this device” option in the Android Device Manager section should be switched on (green). The “Allow remote lock and erase” option should be switched on as well if you want to lock it and erase it from your PC. However, with the Android-supported Chromebooks listed above, they appear on the Android Device Manager map just like any other Android gadget although they’re reportedly displayed by their code names instead of their actual names. That leads to speculation that support for the device location service may be accidental, and not an intentional feature. Still, we’d question why Google would pull Android Device Manager support unless it intends to bring its Chrome OS geolocation feature — which is currently offered to the enterprise sector — to the general Chromebook population. Related: Hands-on: Android apps for Chromebook Right now, these Chromebooks support the ring and wipe options served up in the service, although the ring aspect doesn’t make a noise. Instead, the Chromebook screen will grow dark and a notification will flash stating that the device was located. So far, the wipe feature remains untested (for obvious reasons). Hopefully, we’ll see the entire Android Device Manager service as a whole on Chromebooks soon. That, or the enterprise-based geolocation service opened up to a wider, general audience. Regardless, Chromebooks need some type of geolocation capability for the general consumer so that stolen devices can be locked down and wiped before thieves get their hands on sensitive data. Hands on: Android apps for Chromebook Google brings Android apps to Chrome OS, starting with the Asus Flip Chromebook Google confirms: Chrome OS is getting Android apps and the Play Store Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google Glass Just Won't Die Men's Journal TechAugust 8, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share 1 / 2 Google Glass Just Won't Die Google Glass is up for sale — or resale, really — on multiple online marketplaces, from eBay to Amazon. Google Glass should be dead and buried. More than 18 months after the much-hyped and oft-ridiculed device was discontinued, it's probably still too ripe to be exhumed for study as a cautionary tale of brazenly awkward industrial design and an even more brazen ignorance of — or possibly indifference to — the public's fears of pervasive surveillance. More than just a computer worn on your head, Glass featured a camera that might or might not have been filming everything the user looked at, without even a red recording light to alert subjects. It made pariahs out of its users, inspiring at least a handful of reported physical assaults. Becoming a magnet for scorn didn't come cheap, either. It cost $1,500. However innovative or ambitious it was as a piece of technology, as a product, Google Glass deserved to disappear. But some gadgets keep shambling through the marketplace, long after their intended lifespan. As of right now, Google Glass is up for sale — or resale, really — on multiple online marketplaces, including eBay and Amazon. Prices vary widely, ranging from $80 to $395 for the frames alone, to as much as $1,998 for the most recent version of Glass bundled with titanium frames, a 3D-printed charging dock, and other accessories. RELATED: 5 Awesome Things You Can Do With Google Cardboard Of course, the Internet can act as a kind of garage sale stuck in amber, with listings collecting dust for months or even years as people hope in vain to unload their excess or unused possessions on anonymous passersby. After all, you can still pick up the Dreamcast, Sega's failed, but beloved 1999 game console for $300. But unlike with some of these online offers, there's activity on Google Glass listings, particularly on eBay, where prices for the device tend to land well below offers on Amazon. Bids are being made, and auctions are closing. There are real people out there buying Google Glass in 2016, and real people shipping out their defunct gadgets in exchange for hundreds of real dollars. Don is one of those real people. The 47-year-old from New Jersey bought his Google Glass Explorer Edition XE-C in 2014 for roughly $1,500. “I was an early adopter back then,” says Don, who declined to share his last name, or other identifying information about himself. “This technology seemed really promising. I wanted to be part of it from the beginning.” The apps he tried seemed interesting, but it was clear to Don that the developers would have to unlock the device's real potential. Six weeks later, Don realized the magnitude of his mistake. “I hadn't put it on for a few weeks, at least. There was no reason to,” he says. “And then there was the whole Glasshole thing.” By the time Don picked up his Google Glass, the backlash against the device was already in full swing. Wearers had been booted from movie theaters, restaurants, and other businesses, out of fear that they might be surreptitiously recording. The gadget's most unique features came from its integrated camera, which would allow for such sci-fi tricks as searching the Internet for something the wearer was looking at or overlaying your point-of-view with data and graphics. Capturing stills and video may have been the least innovative functions of Google Glass, but it was the function that seemed to trigger the most violent reactions. RELATED: Kodak Raises the Super 8 From the Dead The most infamous Glass-related clash came in February 2014, when social media consultant Sarah Slocum alleged she was assaulted in a San Francisco bar. Slocum's own video shows two patrons reaching for the device, and one saying, “You're killing the city.” The dispute seemed to center on the idea of being filmed without permission, with Edward Snowden's NSA leaks still part of the national discussion. No one believed Google was piping footage to the government, but the notion of ubiquitous, even aggressive surveillance was a thorny one. But the reaction to Slocum's Google Glass was also an outgrowth of rising tensions within the Bay Area, as some residents blamed the booming tech industry for rising real estate prices and increased income inequality. Rather than generating sympathy for Glass owners, Slocum's attack seemed to make the device a greater target, leading more businesses to ban it from their premises. Read More “I've always really valued privacy,” Don says. It's one of the reasons he stopped using his newly purchased Google Glass so quickly. “I understood the Glasshole thing. I didn't want to be a part of that.” Resale prices in early 2014 were around $1,000, so Don held onto the device, hoping to get a better return on his investment as the product matured. But development stalled throughout the year, and in January 2015 Google officially pulled the plug. A year and a half later, Don realized used Google Glass units were selling for around $500 on eBay, and he put it up for auction without a minimum bid. And as further proof that the Google Glass secondary market is alive and well, the price climbed from an initial offer of just $50 to a final bid of $560. For his part, Don doesn't believe Google Glass buyers are hapless suckers or nostalgic collectors. $560 is too much to spend on a whim, and there's no reason to think its resale value will increase with time. They're tech-savvy tinkerers, he thinks, who want to see what's possible with a full-fledged wearable computer, even without official support from Google. Maybe there's a vibrant community of Glass-modders out there, who've somehow escaped the Internet's all-seeing eye. Or maybe some unsung genius is using a resold Glass to cook up the biggest thing in augmented reality since Pokemon Go. Whatever the case, Don is just happy to be rid of his. He's recovered about a third of his investment, and learned an important lesson. “I'm not an early adopter anymore. If technology is revolutionary, there's no rush,” he says. “The next big thing can go from the coolest thing in the world for a few weeks to something you forget about in a drawer forever.” Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google fixes critical security flaw affecting over 900 million Android devices Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsSeptember 7, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A new Android vulnerability dubbed "Quadrooter" is perhaps the broadest ever. It affects more than 900 million devices containing widely distributed hardware by chipmaker Qualcomm.More At the Defcon security conference in Las Vegas last week, Israeli cybersecurity firm Check Point detailed a new bug, dubbed “Quadrooter,” that resides within the firmware of a Qualcomm chip contained in more than 900 million devices. Now it looks as though Google has addressed the last two flaws that relate to this set of vulnerabilities. Check Point previously said that the vulnerability could, in skilled hands, cede “complete control” of a smartphone or tablet to nefarious programmers. Specifically, it could allow a malicious app to bypass Android’s built-in security measures and grant itself administrative privileges, a level of access that entails the ability to collect “sensitive personal and enterprise data.” Related: New Stagefright exploit could scare millions of Android users The flaw required a would-be victim to install a malicious app — infected code posing as a legitimate update, for instance, or a pirated version of a paid application. Crucially, that precluded apps distributed through Google’s Play Store, which Google regularly scans for malware. Apps infected with Quadrooter’s delivery mechanism would have to be installed manually by toggling the “Unknown Applications” setting in Android’s settings menu. It also likely required that users disable Android’s “Verify Apps” feature, a malware filter that scans for known vulnerabilities in apps — including those installed manually, outside of the Play Store’s walled garden — at installation time. When the flaw was first unveiled, a Google spokesperson confirmed as much in a statement to Android Central: “We appreciate Check Point’s research as it helps improve the safety of the broader mobile ecosystem. … Exploitation of these issues depends on users also downloading and installing a malicious application. Our Verify Apps and SafetyNet protections help identify, block, and remove applications that exploit vulnerabilities like these.” Android Central notes that the protection has been enabled by default in all Android versions since 4.2 Jelly Bean in 2012, and that it’s frequently updated with new virus definitions via Google Play Services, the Android framework responsible for delivering Google app updates. Google also conducts security scans of Android phones about “once per week” by default and can, in some cases, uninstall infected applications from handsets remotely. Check Point discovered four specific vulnerability’s in Qualcomm’s firmware, said Adam Donefeld, the firm’s lead mobile security researcher. The firm hasn’t observed any exploits “in the wild,” as of yet, but expects to “in the next three to four months.” Check Point published a preliminary list of affected devices: BlackBerry Priv Blackphone 1 and Blackphone 2 Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, and Nexus 6P HTC One, HTC M9, and HTC 10 LG G4, LG G5, and LG V10 New Moto X by Motorola OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, and OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung S7 Edge Sony Xperia Z Ultra Related: A two-year-old security flaw could give hijackers root access to your Android phone A Qualcomm spokesperson told ZDNet that it issued patches to “customers, partners, and the open source community” between April and the end of July. Google, for its part, said that “most” of the fixes had been rolled into Android’s monthly security update — the collection of firmware fixes that the company makes available to its Android partners. Google’s latest fix, issued Tuesday, came after a number of phone makers issued patches of their own. Sony, for example, says worked its patch into “normal and regular software maintenance, both directly to open-market devices and via our carrier partners, so timings can vary by region and or operator.” Meaning the company isn’t rushing the fix out immediately, according to the Xperia Blog, and knowing how long it takes carriers to update devices, it’s likely that we won’t see this fix in Sony devices for a few months. Some, though, like BlackBerry, have taken a more proactive approach. The company announced a couple weeks ago that it had issued a patch for the Priv and DTEK50 addressing “three of the four vulnerabilities” uncovered by Check Point. The fourth issue, it said, is “naturally mitigated” by both devices’ secure boot chain. “We don’t think any of our customers are currently at risk from this issue,” Alexa Manea, director of BlackBerry Security, wrote in a blog post. “This is a great example of how our Android platform hardening proactively protects against issues that haven’t even been discovered yet.” Read More Related: Top 5 Android security apps: Do they protect you? Check Point said the nature of the exploit highlights the difficulty in ensuring that Android devices, oversight of which typically involves at least a handful of parties, remain inoculated against new threats. “This situation highlights the inherent risks in the Android security model,” the firm stated in its report. “Critical security updates must pass through the entire supply chain before they can be made available to end users. Once available, the end user must then be sure to install these updates to protect their devices and data.” It’s a problem exacerbated when some partners refuse to play ball. Lenovo caused a stir when it implied in a recent statement that the Moto Z, its new flagship phone in the U.S., wouldn’t be receiving monthly security patches. The company has since clarified its stance, but the issue of infrequent, incomplete, or otherwise haphazard security updates has prompted activity at the federal level. The Federal Trade Commission and the Federal Communications Commission are compiling a report, due out later this year, about the decision process involved in “[patching] a vulnerability on a particular mobile device.” The Quadrooter report follows the discovery of two major Android vulnerabilities in the past year, Stagefright and Fake ID. The former, a fix for which is scheduled for September, tapped into bugged code within Android’s multimedia playback and allowed apps to gain administrative access. The latter, meanwhile, let malicious apps assume the identity of legitimate software. A patch was issued in late July. This article was originally published on 08-08-2016. Updated on 08-16-2016 by Kyle Wiggers: Added news about BlackBerry’s patch for the exploit. Updated on 09-07-2016 by Kyle Wiggers: Added news about Google’s final fixes to the exploit. Update your iOS device to 9.3.5 as it fixes serious security vulnerabilities Update your Apple devices now – new Stagefright-style hack discovered “HummingBad,” a new Android malware, has infected more than 10 million devices Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
null
On The Cover Sign In Subscribe Men's Journal Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Nat'l Day of Adventure Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book Editor's Picks Give Him What He Really Wants: 17 Watches Under $2,000 Jim Koch’s Fight for Freshness Might Be His Most Important Innovation of All Save Your Sperm: 8 Tips to Keep Your Swimmers Strong Why A Close Hand Grip Can Boost Fitness Gains 17 Gift Ideas for Golfers 'Rocky' at 40: The Movie that Put Boxing In Hollywood's Ring It's Not Too Late to Ditch Thanksgiving The Best Gifts for the Active Woman in Your Life Gear Google Glass Just Won't Die By  Erik Sofge Credit: Joel Saget / AFP / Getty Images Google Glass should be dead and buried. More than 18 months after the much-hyped and oft-ridiculed device was discontinued, it's probably still too ripe to be exhumed for study as a cautionary tale of brazenly awkward industrial design and an even more brazen ignorance of — or possibly indifference to — the public's fears of pervasive surveillance. More than just a computer worn on your head, Glass featured a camera that might or might not have been filming everything the user looked at, without even a red recording light to alert subjects. It made pariahs out of its users, inspiring at least a handful of reported physical assaults. Becoming a magnet for scorn didn't come cheap, either. It cost $1,500. However innovative or ambitious it was as a piece of technology, as a product, Google Glass deserved to disappear. But some gadgets keep shambling through the marketplace, long after their intended lifespan. As of right now, Google Glass is up for sale — or resale, really — on multiple online marketplaces, including eBay and Amazon. Prices vary widely, ranging from $80 to $395 for the frames alone, to as much as $1,998 for the most recent version of Glass bundled with titanium frames, a 3D-printed charging dock, and other accessories. RELATED: 5 Awesome Things You Can Do With Google Cardboard Of course, the Internet can act as a kind of garage sale stuck in amber, with listings collecting dust for months or even years as people hope in vain to unload their excess or unused possessions on anonymous passersby. After all, you can still pick up the Dreamcast, Sega's failed, but beloved 1999 game console for $300. But unlike with some of these online offers, there's activity on Google Glass listings, particularly on eBay, where prices for the device tend to land well below offers on Amazon. Bids are being made, and auctions are closing. There are real people out there buying Google Glass in 2016, and real people shipping out their defunct gadgets in exchange for hundreds of real dollars. Don is one of those real people. The 47-year-old from New Jersey bought his Google Glass Explorer Edition XE-C in 2014 for roughly $1,500. “I was an early adopter back then,” says Don, who declined to share his last name, or other identifying information about himself. “This technology seemed really promising. I wanted to be part of it from the beginning.” The apps he tried seemed interesting, but it was clear to Don that the developers would have to unlock the device's real potential. Six weeks later, Don realized the magnitude of his mistake. “I hadn't put it on for a few weeks, at least. There was no reason to,” he says. “And then there was the whole Glasshole thing.” By the time Don picked up his Google Glass, the backlash against the device was already in full swing. Wearers had been booted from movie theaters, restaurants, and other businesses, out of fear that they might be surreptitiously recording. The gadget's most unique features came from its integrated camera, which would allow for such sci-fi tricks as searching the Internet for something the wearer was looking at or overlaying your point-of-view with data and graphics. Capturing stills and video may have been the least innovative functions of Google Glass, but it was the function that seemed to trigger the most violent reactions. RELATED: Kodak Raises the Super 8 From the Dead The most infamous Glass-related clash came in February 2014, when social media consultant Sarah Slocum alleged she was assaulted in a San Francisco bar. Slocum's own video shows two patrons reaching for the device, and one saying, “You're killing the city.” The dispute seemed to center on the idea of being filmed without permission, with Edward Snowden's NSA leaks still part of the national discussion. No one believed Google was piping footage to the government, but the notion of ubiquitous, even aggressive surveillance was a thorny one. But the reaction to Slocum's Google Glass was also an outgrowth of rising tensions within the Bay Area, as some residents blamed the booming tech industry for rising real estate prices and increased income inequality. Rather than generating sympathy for Glass owners, Slocum's attack seemed to make the device a greater target, leading more businesses to ban it from their premises. “I've always really valued privacy,” Don says. It's one of the reasons he stopped using his newly purchased Google Glass so quickly. “I understood the Glasshole thing. I didn't want to be a part of that.” Resale prices in early 2014 were around $1,000, so Don held onto the device, hoping to get a better return on his investment as the product matured. But development stalled throughout the year, and in January 2015 Google officially pulled the plug. A year and a half later, Don realized used Google Glass units were selling for around $500 on eBay, and he put it up for auction without a minimum bid. And as further proof that the Google Glass secondary market is alive and well, the price climbed from an initial offer of just $50 to a final bid of $560. For his part, Don doesn't believe Google Glass buyers are hapless suckers or nostalgic collectors. $560 is too much to spend on a whim, and there's no reason to think its resale value will increase with time. They're tech-savvy tinkerers, he thinks, who want to see what's possible with a full-fledged wearable computer, even without official support from Google. Maybe there's a vibrant community of Glass-modders out there, who've somehow escaped the Internet's all-seeing eye. Or maybe some unsung genius is using a resold Glass to cook up the biggest thing in augmented reality since Pokemon Go. Whatever the case, Don is just happy to be rid of his. He's recovered about a third of his investment, and learned an important lesson. “I'm not an early adopter anymore. If technology is revolutionary, there's no rush,” he says. “The next big thing can go from the coolest thing in the world for a few weeks to something you forget about in a drawer forever.” Add a Comment Sign Up for the Men's Journal Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. Men's Journal delivers it all so you can savor the journey— as much as the destination Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Men's Journal 2016 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap Don't have an Men's Journal account? Sign up here. Sign In Register here for Men's Journal. Already a member? Click here. Login With Facebook! Login With Google+! - or - Create An Account Here! Register
null
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Rio 2016 Japan win men's gymnastics team final: Rio Olympics 2016 – as it happened Kohei Uchimura led Japan to the gold medal, as Russia held off China for silver, with Great Britain forced to settle for an agonising fourth place 2016 Olympics medal table Rio Olympics liveblog: follow all the action from day three! Sign up for our daily email briefing – and read today’s here Updated Kohei Uchimura competes on the floor to help Japan take gold in the men’s team gymnastics final. Photograph: Mike Blake/Reuters Michael Butler @michaelbutler18 Monday 8 August 2016 18.06 EDT Last modified on Thursday 25 August 2016 14.32 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 6.04pm EDT 18:04 Summary 5.53pm EDT 17:53 Final standings 5.48pm EDT 17:48 JAPAN WIN GOLD, RUSSIA TAKE SILVER, CHINA HAVE TO SETTLE FOR BRONZE! 2.27pm EDT 14:27 Preamble Live feed Show 6.04pm EDT 18:04 Summary You have to doff your cap to the Japanese. They started very slowly, and it was only in their third rotation on the vaults – where all three Japanese scored 15+ – that they began to make their move towards the top three. Russia had some excellent individual performances, but dropped off noticeably towards the end, and were delighted to just pip China to third. Having been in third for a long time, Great Britain blew it, and the game was up way before Louis Smith made a mess of his pommel horse routine. Awful afternoon for USA, too. This is only the beginning on the finals, though, and they’ll be plenty more medals up for grabs in the gymnasium in the coming days. Women’s team final tomorrow! Louis Smith pommel fall leaves Team GB gymnasts out of medals in all-around Read more Japan celebrate. The sake will be flowing tonight! Photograph: Dylan Martinez/Reuters Thanks for reading, and for your emails and tweets. See you next time – bye! Updated at 8.41pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.53pm EDT 17:53 Final standings 0.331 dividing second and third. Japan worthy winners: Kohei Uchimura has got his gold! Final standings Photograph: BBC Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.48pm EDT 17:48 JAPAN WIN GOLD, RUSSIA TAKE SILVER, CHINA HAVE TO SETTLE FOR BRONZE! Great Britain two points off a bronze, in the end. China’s team look absolutely devastated. They may have won a medal, but this isn’t the colour that they wanted. Many of them have their head in hands. Updated at 5.49pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.47pm EDT 17:47 Japan are home and dry, they won’t be caught now for gold! But can Russia hold off China for silver? They send out David Belyavskiy out onto the floor and a couple of loose steps mean that he is only awarded 14.666. China’s Lin Chaopan, meanwhile, records 15.566 on the horizontal bar. It’s going to come down to the wire! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.43pm EDT 17:43 Louis Smith, who has been waiting all this time to perform his one routine, ascends onto the pommel horse. He knows he’s got to pull something special out the bag … no … he loses grip on the middle of the horse, and falls off! Dejection, utter dejection is written all over Louis’s face. He gets back on the horse, literally, and completes his routine. 14.766 is still a good score, all things considered, but it’s not going to be enough. Fourth place it is. Louis Smith on the pommel horse. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian The Great Britain team looks dejected after coming fourth. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 1.28am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.39pm EDT 17:39 Britain’s Bevan Brinn, who suffered a double leg break while vaulting in November of LAST YEAR … News has travelled pretty fast around the world anyway, so I thought I would inform you all correctly. At the weekend, the 21/11/15 to be specific. I had a freak accident on vault. I went wonky on a yuchenko and landed with one leg on the landing matts (right leg) the other on the concrete (left leg) which left me with a broken leg both tibia & Fibia. I had to have surgery shortly after. The pain as excruciating as it was I could handle, but the disappointment & heart break from going from such a high at the world championships to the lowest low after a little mishap was very hard for me. all my emotions just erupted and I've found myself constantly In tears. This may be a big stepping stone to overcome but most if not all successful athletes have had to overcome adversity to reach their goals. That moment at the world championships I will never forget & it's something I want to feel again. So after my recovery stage I will be grinding to get myself back better than I have ever been. I would like to thank a lot of people for your support, my family & team mates which are basically the same thing @jaythompson_96 @maxwhitlock @reissbeckford @haydenskinner43 & the biggest thank you to my coach and father figure @scotthann who never left my side once and I know your behind me every step of the way. My motto I live by; Tough Times Don't Last Tough People Do A photo posted by Brinn Bevan (@brinnbevan) on Nov 23, 2015 at 8:04am PST … is first out on the pommel horse. It’s a solid performance, scoring 14.866, but not the one that is going to make up two points. China’s Lin Chaopan is first out on the horizontal bar: a flat 15. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.34pm EDT 17:34 Great Britain are a two full points behind China in third, and they’ve got to take care of business on the pommel bar – traditionally their strongest event – and hope that there are a few huge mistakes from the Asian nation on the horizontal bar. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.32pm EDT 17:32 Disaster for USA’s Leyva! After nailing the harder parts of his horizontal bar routine, a lapse in concentration sees him fall from the bar, just before the dismount. Head bowed, he stays crouched on the matt. It’s unclear whether he is injured or just crestfallen at his mistake but eventually a coach helps him to his feet and he successfully completes his routine. Just 14.333, is that the end of USA’s resurgence. They were closing on Great Britain in fourth. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.28pm EDT 17:28 Reigning floor champion Kenzo Shirai puts in a reigning champion performance on the floor, finishing with a quad twist! OMG … 16.133! The Japanese gymnasts are generally of a slightly lighter build than the rest of the field, and that really helps them here, very graceful. Ryohei Kato follows with a 15.466 and Kohei Uchimura finishes Japan’s involvement in this team final with a 15.600. Can Russia beat that, they need an average of 15.8 in their own floor routines to beat Japan and take the gold! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.21pm EDT 17:21 Japan take the lead, following their showing on the horizontal bars! Russia slip to second, and China jump from fifth to third. Great Britain tumble outside the medals with one event to go! Japan lead! Photograph: BBC Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.19pm EDT 17:19 Max Whitlock is the pick of Britain’s bunch on the floor – his 15.400 very clean, with several landings requiring no correction. Kristian Thomas (15.033) and Nile Wilson (14.666) aren’t quite so clean. I wonder if Great Britain will be able to hold off the emerging challenge from China. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.14pm EDT 17:14 If you were wondering, USA are still marching around the perimeter of the apparatus roaring “Let’s go” and “C’mon” incessantly. There’s a lot of backslapping, despite the fact that they are still sixth in the standings. It’s all a bit Globo-Gym. Danell Leyva is the only you’d probably go for a drink with. And he puts in a beautiful parallel bars routine. Really languid style. Nice. 15.533. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.07pm EDT 17:07 Japan are chalking up the horizontal bar. But it’s not just chalk, there are no rules that dictate what gymnasts can and can’t use, so teams get creative. Most create a gross concoction of honey, spit and chalk slurry or by mixing honey and chalk with a spritz of saltwater. Former US gymnast Trent Wells used gummy bears and beer has also been used. Whatever Japan’s Ryohei Kato is using on the horizontal bars, it’s working. 15.066. Japan in second remember. Updated at 5.07pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.00pm EDT 17:00 We have our first 16+ score! The parrallel bars are traditionally China’s strongest event, and all three of their gymnasts score at least 15.800, with You Hao clocking a mesmeric 16.166, which included a double backflip between the bars. They were fifth going into this fifth rotation, about 0.7 points behind Great Britain in third. It’s going to be close! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.56pm EDT 16:56 Ukraine are down and out at the bottom of the rankings, and only playing for pride, but Oleg Verniaiev doing himself proud on the pommel horse, recording a flawless 15.633, including the wonderfully named move, a Russian Wendy. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.53pm EDT 16:53 Japan have begun to close the gap on Russia at the top, but Ivan Stretovich continues to hold his nerve on the horizontal bar. He was just a reserve before the Olympics but is proving to be one of the strongest performers here. Ivan Stretovich of Russia competes on the parallel bars. Photograph: Dylan Martinez/Reuters Updated at 5.07pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50pm EDT 16:50 The scores after four events. Two to go! Russia lead the way. Photograph: BBC Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.48pm EDT 16:48 Great Britain have a mixed time on the horizontal bar: Max Whitlock has a rather disappointing 14.500 – remember he fell in qualification – Kristian Thomas clocks a solid 14.833 but Nile Wilson is the pick of the bunch … British Gymnastics (@BritGymnastics) WOW! Unbelievable routine for @NileMW on high bar! A huge 15.666 for GB! #Gymnastics #Rio2016 August 8, 2016 It’s all getting too much for some … Lauren Curr (@laurbethany) Nile Wilson genuinely had me in tears, that was so beautiful 😍 #Rio2016 August 8, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.43pm EDT 16:43 China’s Lin Chaopan tries and triple-twist dismount on the vault, but he under-rotates and stumbles. These are routines that the Chinese were doing in their sleep in qualification but it seems as though the pressure is getting to them. In contrast, Russia are two points clear at the top of the standings. It’s a crucial lead, not least because in the remaining three events they can afford to bring the difficulty down, and make sure that they nail the execution. Ivan Stretovich, a 19-year-old making his Olympic debut, shows no signs of nerves on the parallel bars: 15.100. Nikolai Kuksenkov follows with a 15.133 and European Games silver medallist David Belyavskiy is the best of the lot with 15.800! 15.800! It’s almost as though they are thriving on the cold reception that the crowd are giving them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EDT 16:33 Brazil and Great Britain go onto the horizontal bar. Sergio Sasaki, the Brazilian, completes his routine for 14.566, but the home crowd feel hugely aggrieved, and vent their ire at the judges from on high – boos raining down from the stands. Updated at 4.33pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EDT 16:30 USA next up in the vaults, and my word, they are pumped up like Temur Ketsbaia. Jake Dalton and Alexander Naddour are particularly excited: both continuing their clench fists and shouting ‘C’mon’ well past the point than is probably appropriate. But then, this is the culmination of four years hard work and an Olympic final. Scores of 14.833 and 14.966, respectively. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.23pm EDT 16:23 Half-way through, and here are the scores! The half-way point. Photograph: BBC USA still struggling in seventh, which would be a terrible result for them. Updated at 4.24pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EDT 16:20 Germany are not going anywhere! They are in second at the moment and have Fabian Hambüchen going in the horizontal bar – he won silver four years ago in London. This is probably the best individual performance we’ve seen all day, and he gets a 15.666. Germany continue to be 2016’s surprise package! Germany’s Lukas Dauser on the parallel bars. Photograph: Matthias Hangst/Getty Images Updated at 5.10pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.15pm EDT 16:15 But here come Japan in the vault. Uchimura peers down the 25m track, dissecting it with one eye closed as though he’s at an archery range, and sets off at pace, nailing a 15.566 score, pumping the air. But his team-mate Kenzo Shirai goes even better! His triple twist is landed absolutely perfectly, with no step, and a wide smile to match. 15.633! Kenzo Shirai performs brilliantly in the vault. Photograph: Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.38pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.08pm EDT 16:08 No! Next on the rings for China, You Hao, completely messes up his dismount, taking a full three steps forward and nearly falling flat on his face. He only receives a 14.800 score. It’s not terminal, but China will not shoot up the rankings with that! Maksym Semiankiv failed to even start his high bar routine, and Ukraine have nobody else to put forward for this event, so they will automatically lose 13-15 points! That’s effectively put them dead last. Maybe there’s been an injury to Semiankiv, but that’s hugely disappointing. Updated at 4.19pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.03pm EDT 16:03 But here Liu Yang comes to China’s rescue, absolutely nailing a flawless rings. A quite amazing 15.833 score. Is this the comeback? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.58pm EDT 15:58 Scores: China in sixth and USA in seventh. Wow. And just look at Germany in second. They were expected to just make up the numbers. 1 Russian Federation 106.131 2 Germany 89.931 3GreatBritain 89.465 4Brazil 89.364 5 Japan 88.532 6 China 88.057 7 United States 87.456 8 Ukraine 74.381 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EDT 15:56 Great Britain’s baby-faced assassin, Brinn Bevan and the team captain, Kristian Thomas go in the vault, both taking on high difficulties and both taking just a single step back. Thomas backflips onto the table, double pike. 9.4 execution and 15.4 score. Brinn Bevan competes on the vault. Photograph: Dylan Martinez/Reuters Updated at 4.14pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.51pm EDT 15:51 The Russian Denis Ablyazin, all 5ft2in of him, is in complete control of the rings, sticking a perfect landing, and recording the best score so far: 15.700, better even than Brazil’s Arthur Zanetti, who won gold in London 2012 in this discipline. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 The pommel horse is China’s weakest event, and so it proves: You Hao is hesitant on one handle and makes a sketchy dismount, not the best from him, 14.400. Triple twist for Max Whitlock on the vault. He looks as though he doesn’t quite complete his last rotation, and lands outside the line, but because of his difficulty he still brings in 14.966. Japan’s Koji Yamamuro falls from the pommel horse. Photograph: Ben Stansall/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.52pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.41pm EDT 15:41 Germany’s Marcel Nguyen starts chalking up his parallel bars and gets to work. It’s a high difficulty but a couple of missed handstands mean that he clocks in at 15.466, when normally Nguyen would expect to get 15.7ish. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.39pm EDT 15:39 We’re into our second rotation. But it’s still not going to plan for the USA gymnasts. Danell Leyva slips on his dismount from the pommel horse, manages to style it out and land cleanly on his feet, but shuffles off stage a little bit embarrassed, hoping the judges they didn’t notice. They did: 14.333. I think the USA will be staying bottom place for now. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.33pm EDT 15:33 Charlotte Houldcroft (@DrCJ_Houldcroft) @michaelbutler18 Love Louis, hate his mun! Can't wait to see him & Max burn that pommel horse down. August 8, 2016 Remember Louis Smith is only competing on one event, the pommel horse. But that brings an awful lot of pressure for 30 seconds of work. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EDT 15:31 Max Whitlock finishes with a clean double twisting, double back. Nicely done. He’s not the strongest athlete, but is very light and nimble in the air. 14.5 score. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.29pm EDT 15:29 Ooooooooooo that’s a couple of big mistakes from Sam Mikulak. He’s widely regarded as the best all-around American, and had the best individual floor score going into this final, but starts his floor routine with two massive mistakes, twice landing outside of the borders. He finished with a nice triple twist, and bounds off towards his team with a smile on his face, but he’ll be devastated with those errors. 14.866 is his score. Could have been a lot worse. Samuel Mikulak struggles on the floor. Photograph: Matthias Hangst/Getty Images Updated at 3.54pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.24pm EDT 15:24 Scores on the doors. But remember, some countries have completed more events than others, so don’t get too carried away with these. 1 Russia 45.299 2 Great Britain 44.066 3 Ukraine 44.015 4 China 43.799 5 Germany 29.449 6 Japan 15.100 7 Brazil 14.400 8 United States13.566 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.21pm EDT 15:21 Uchimura looks pumped and gets a noisy cheer from the crowd as he starts on the pommel horse. It’s quite amazing how stationary his head stays as his legs helicopter around. 6.2 difficulty, 8.9 execution. That’s a score of 15.1 – he would’ve been hoping for more there. Japan’s Kohei Uchimura competes on the pommel horse. Photograph: Ben Stansall/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.31pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.19pm EDT 15:19 Nile Wilson, the 20-year-old from Leeds, takes to the rings, which is traditionally Great Britain’s worst event. But he looks steady and calm and happy enough with his clean dismount. Not the same fist-pump as in qualifying, but that’ll do pig, that’ll do. Nile Wilson on the rings. Photograph: Owen Humphreys/PA Updated at 3.35pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.15pm EDT 15:15 Liu Yang gets things started for China on the floor, clocking in with a 14.833. That’s a good start, finishing with two somersaults, two twists. Ukraine’s Ihor Radivilov, absolutely sticks his vault, landing perfectly in the centre, earning a 9.333 out of 10 for execution. That a 15.333 score. Wow. He was bronze medallist in London 2012 in this event, remember. Updated at 3.16pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.09pm EDT 15:09 Brazil got a deafening reception. I wonder if Great Britain will benefit from doing their rotation with the hosts. A few smattering of boos for the Russian team. After a quick warm-up, we’re off! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.08pm EDT 15:08 The gymnasts are out! USA come out each bearing ice-white smiles. Britain’s team is more a mixed bag. Max Whitlock and Kristian Thomas look down to the ground, a picture of concentration, whilst Louis Smith looks straight down the barrel of the camera and raises his eyebrows. The big flirt. Thoughts on his top knot? Predictions? Email michael.butler@theguardian.com or tweet me @michaelbutler18. Top knot. Photograph: Dylan Martinez/Reuters Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.03pm EDT 15:03 Japan’s Kohei Uchimura has had a mixed Olympics so far. The record six-time world champion unsuspectedly racked up a £3,700 Pokemon Go bill walking around the Olympic park, then slipped on the pommel horse and fell off the horizontal bar in qualifying. He is however, probably the greatest living all-round male gymnast. Very excited to see him, he says he holds this team event as close to his heart as the individual events. Quite right, too. Japan’s Olympic hope Kohei Uchimura racks up £3,700 Pokemon Go bill Read more Kohei Uchimura competes on the parallel bars in qualification. Photograph: Alex Livesey/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.53pm EDT 14:53 Not anything to do with tonight’s goings on, but this is great from last night: Sarah Schneider (@sarahschni) .@Aly_Raisman's parents watching her uneven bars routine is my favorite Olympic sport. pic.twitter.com/XxEpzakzTF August 8, 2016 Aly Raisman was part of the US women’s team that qualified for the team final in first and alongside Simone Biles, she will also compete in the floor final and the all-around final. Here’s Bryan Armen Graham’s take on last night: Simone Biles shows her class to stay on course for fistful of Olympic medals Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.46pm EDT 14:46 The teams will be starting in about 15 minutes or so, and will pair up as they rotate around the six disciplines. First up … Floor: USA and China Pommel Horse: Russia and Japan Rings: Great Britain and Brazil Vault: Ukraine and Germany Scores are given by nine judges, who assess three different aspects: the level of difficulty the technical quality of the movements performed the perfect execution of the exercises in each event. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.27pm EDT 14:27 Preamble The chances are, in reading this, you are either a gymnastics nut – the kind of person who can’t walk down the street without balancing expertly on the edge of a kerb before bunnyhopping the nearest bin – or one of a slightly more fair-weather variety, only bothering to poke your nose into all things acrobatic once every four years. The beautiful thing about gymnastics is that it doesn’t matter: marvelling at athletes simply overcoming the dangers of flipping and twisting several metres off the ground, pushing the limit of human strength, balance, flexibility and grace is more enough. But if you are from one of China, USA, Russia, Japan, Great Britain, Brazil, Ukraine or Germany, you’ve got a little extra to get excited about. From the Ryder Cup in golf to the Davis Cup in tennis, team competitions seem to light a fire in fans like nothing else. Today’s men’s team final is made up of the eight countries, each with five gymnasts in their ranks, who will take it in turns to each perform one of six different disciplines: vault, floor, pommel horse, rings, parallel bars and horizontal bars. Each individual score will then be added to the team’s total. Every routine counts: less than 2.5 points divided the top six qualifiers for this final, so every athlete is just one disaster from potentially costing their county a medal. The field is tight this year. China, winners in 2012, are widely tipped as the favourites. In Kohei Uchimura, Japan have arguably the best all-round athlete and won team gold the world championships in Glasgow last year. The USA team finished top of the medal table overall in Glasgow, but have a team comprised of specialists. Team GB may have been chuffed with bronze at London 2012, but have gone from strength to strength since, and will hope to improve: they won silver in Glasgow. And could Brazil, in front of a home crowd, be capable of delivering an upset? Start: 4pm in Rio, 8pm in London. Updated at 4.09pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Rio 2016 Gymnastics Olympic Games US sports Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Rio 2016 Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Twenty-five years and counting: How the web changed everything And how it's far from done transforming our world. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Networking | August 8, 2016 -- 19:13 GMT (12:13 PDT) | Topic: Networking Twenty-five years ago everything changed. The Cold War ended; the United States put its first boots on Middle East ground in the Gulf War; and Tim Berners-Lee created the web. Of these, and many other events in 1991, I'd argue the birth of the web was easily the most important of that year. Mosaic was the first popular graphical wen browser. Why? Because governments rise and fall, war will always be with us, but thanks to the web, the entire world became a single neighborhood. In 1991, I, and perhaps a million other people, were already internet users. Our Internet was accessed almost entirely by ASCII-based applications. For communications all we had was e-mail with programs like pine and elm. For downloading and finding files we had hard-to-use shell programs such as ftp and Archie. For finding information instead of Google, the best we had was Gopher, a Yahoo-like guide to internet resources. Then, Tim Berners-Lee invented the web and everything changed. No one realized a revolution was happening. Only serious researchers and internet engineers had even heard about it. It wasn't until early 1993 that the public learned about the web and I wrote one of the first popular stories about it. In my first web article, I focused on WAIS. WAIS was Google's first ancestor. There had been many other search engines before it -- such as NASA RECON, Dialog, and OCLC -- but they were for private users, not the public. WAIS was the first to try to make the internet searchable for all. What I had ended up doing was foreseeing Google, rather than the web itself, as being the most important development. I may have been on to something there! Here's what I had to say about the web. World-Wide Web (WEB) is still a development project, but it is publicly accessible and it provides Internet information hunters with greater power. WEB brings hypertext to the Internet. What is hypertext, you ask? It's a way to look at documents that, while not unique to computers, makes full use of a computer's ability to interconnect data. In a hypertext document, certain words are links to other documents or files. For instance, in a biography of Grace Hooper, you could jump from a description of her inventing COBOL to a manual on the language, and from a reference in it to Unix to an article by yours truly on our favorite operating system. WEB takes the hypertext idea and applies it to information available on the Internet. The result is potentially the most powerful automated information-gathering tool in existence. Alas, for now, WEB remains mostly potential. The WEB server is only available by telneting to info.cern.ch or nxo01.cern.ch. Its full hypertext informational resources are limited at this time, but they are growing. WEB is the informational wave of the future. Like Gopher and WAIS, WEB boasts several easy-to-use interfaces. Of course, the read-only version of WEB really only has two commands, so it's not hard to make it easy to use. These are: Start a search and follow a link. That's it. WEB takes care of the rest. This leads to a quite different way of looking at information. For example, you can use WEB to wander about WAIS libraries and leap from term to term, regardless of a document's format or location. Unfortunately, since much of the data that WEB deals with isn't in hypertext format, WEB usually comes across as a slower version of WAIS with a more consistent interface. This is true now, but as more true hypertext documents become available, WEB's uniquely strong searching capacities will stand out more and more. I was certainly right about its potential. Those hypertext documents are, of course, web pages. What I didn't see was how the web would change the entire economy. Amazon and its imitators have replaced brick-and-mortar retail. Say hello to the early days of web browsers... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 7 NEXT PREV It's not just retail. I'm hard pressed to think of any business -- music, TV, movies, real estate, journalism, etc. etc. -- that hasn't been transformed by the web. Of course, business is only part of it. I can now video-conference with friends in the UK more easily than I could call a co-worker in New York -- if it would even occur to me today to call when I can instant-message them instead. In addition, when a terrorist attack happens in Nice, France or the UK votes for Brexit, it feels like local news. As sad as those stories are, it gives me hope. I hope that some day the web will help bind the world together instead of just making remote horrors seem as if they're happening next door. By itself though the Web wasn't enough to kick-start this revolution. No the other part, which also happened in August of 1991, was the establishment of the Commercial Internet Exchange (CIX). CIX made it possible for commercial, e.g. business traffic to travel over what had been the military/research/academic internet. Yes, that's right. There was a time when you couldn't even offer your used IBM PC XT for sale, never mind a million chips. CIX also introduced the concept of network neutrality. This matters because while the web made it easy for people to create and connect documents together, CIX made it possible for ordinary people and businesses to get on the internet. In 1991, CIX and the web raised the curtains on the modern internet. Today, the show is still going on and still transforming the world. Today's biggest "hotel" chain? AirBnB. The world's most important taxi service? Uber. Easiest way to find a house to buy? Zillow. None of them would exist without Berners-Lee's web. Where will we go next? I don't know. I'm not that good of a prophet. The one thing I do know is that the internet and web aren't done changing our world in radical new ways. Let's find out together, shall we? Related Stories: 25 Years: How the Web began Happy birthday, Mosaic: 20 years of the graphical web browser What's really the most popular Web browser? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Networking New software could get Facebook back into China: Report Networking Apple disbands AirPort wireless router team, reassigns engineers: Report Networking Macom buys Applied Micro for $770 million, plans to sell ARM server chip unit Networking Microsoft partners with D-Link to deliver speedier Wi-Fi in rural regions × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Uber poaches Urban Ladder CTO to head India engineering centre The move comes as Uber backed out of China, preferring to merge with rival Didi Chuxing for a minority stake, after admitting to losing money Uber founder Travis Kalanick is betting on former Google engineer Apurva Dalal, who he poached from Urban Ladder, an online furniture startup, to build local innovations that can give it an edge over local rival Ola. Dalal, who built the cloud R&D centre for Google in Hyderabad, is mandated to put together a local team to work on solutions for India's unique challenges such as unstable mobile networks and demand for cheaper rides from consumers. Uber so far has copied rival Ola's cash payment option to consumers which it has taken to Vietnam and Indonesia. It also has masked driver phone numbers to improve safety of commuters. "Apurva Dalal who recently joined us as the head of engineering at Uber India along with his team of engineers is focussed on building technology to better serve our rider and driver partners in India. The India team will specifically focus on areas of geolocation, big data /real time stream processing, Telematics, mobile apps and infrastructure technologies," said an Uber spokesperson. The move comes as Uber backed out of China, preferring to merge with rival Didi Chuxing for a minority stake, after admitting to losing money. It instead is increasing focus on India, the last large open market where it is spending a substantial part of the $3.5 billion it raised from Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund. In the last few months, Uber has stepped up the discounts it offers to customers and incentives to drivers to grab market share. Uber has around 25 per cent share in India's app-based taxi hailing market compared to rival Ola's two thirds share. While Ola has a lead, it also has lesser cash to burn. Uber on the other hand, which is valued at $68 billion, gets a leeway to burn larger amounts of money for longer periods of time, now that China is off its radar. "For us to dream of providing transportation which is as reliable as running water for everyone in India, we have reached a point where we have to setup an engineering centre here," Thuan Pham, chief technology officer at Uber, had said during the inauguration of Uber's engineering centre in Bengaluru in May. "If we all sit in the ivory tower in San Francisco, we cannot imagine how challenging the local conditions are," he added. Uber had pledged to invest Rs 99 crore to setup its Bengaluru centre which would employ around 200 people. Since then the company has said that it has doubled its headcount at the centre, hiring top class talent from elite tech companies and top tier engineering colleges including IITs and BITs. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Sterlite Power picks stake in Finnish drone maker Vedanta revives second stream operations at Lanjigarh refinery Business Standard Uber poaches Urban Ladder CTO to head India engineering centre The move comes as Uber backed out of China, preferring to merge with rival Didi Chuxing for a minority stake, after admitting to losing money Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Bengaluru  August 8, 2016 Last Updated at 18:04 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGp6vJ Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Prathan Chorruangsak / Shutterstock.com ALSO READ Ola looks to add 25,000 drivers to its platform in Bengaluru Uber blinks, to comply with Karnataka rules for app-based taxi aggregators Uber says it's a tech platform, doesn't come under Motor Vehicles Act Karnataka accuses Uber and Ola of violating norms; seizes vehicles Ola, Ridingo suspend bike taxi service, Uber still in violation: Karnataka govt Uber founder Travis Kalanick is betting on former Google engineer Apurva Dalal, who he poached from Urban Ladder, an online furniture startup, to build local innovations that can give it an edge over local rival Ola. Dalal, who built the cloud R&D centre for Google in Hyderabad, is mandated to put together a local team to work on solutions for India's unique challenges such as unstable mobile networks and demand for cheaper rides from consumers. Uber so far has copied rival Ola's cash payment option to consumers which it has taken to Vietnam and Indonesia. It also has masked driver phone numbers to improve safety of commuters. "Apurva Dalal who recently joined us as the head of engineering at Uber India along with his team of engineers is focussed on building technology to better serve our rider and driver partners in India. The India team will specifically focus on areas of geolocation, big data /real time stream processing, Telematics, mobile apps and infrastructure technologies," said an Uber spokesperson. The move comes as Uber backed out of China, preferring to merge with rival Didi Chuxing for a minority stake, after admitting to losing money. It instead is increasing focus on India, the last large open market where it is spending a substantial part of the $3.5 billion it raised from Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund. In the last few months, Uber has stepped up the discounts it offers to customers and incentives to drivers to grab market share. Uber has around 25 per cent share in India's app-based taxi hailing market compared to rival Ola's two thirds share. While Ola has a lead, it also has lesser cash to burn. Uber on the other hand, which is valued at $68 billion, gets a leeway to burn larger amounts of money for longer periods of time, now that China is off its radar. "For us to dream of providing transportation which is as reliable as running water for everyone in India, we have reached a point where we have to setup an engineering centre here," Thuan Pham, chief technology officer at Uber, had said during the inauguration of Uber's engineering centre in Bengaluru in May. "If we all sit in the ivory tower in San Francisco, we cannot imagine how challenging the local conditions are," he added. Uber had pledged to invest Rs 99 crore to setup its Bengaluru centre which would employ around 200 people. Since then the company has said that it has doubled its headcount at the centre, hiring top class talent from elite tech companies and top tier engineering colleges including IITs and BITs. Read More On Uber | Apurva Dalal | Bengaluru Development Centre | Urban Ladder | Ola | Taxi Aggregator | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Should You Rely Only on Your Corporate Health Insurance? MIT Sloan Executive Program in General Management New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Serve the next wave-bring mobile broad band to everyone Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee MIT Sloan EPGM: Get Alumni benefits, Apply Now Uber poaches Urban Ladder CTO to head India engineering centre The move comes as Uber backed out of China, preferring to merge with rival Didi Chuxing for a minority stake, after admitting to losing money The move comes as Uber backed out of China, preferring to merge with rival Didi Chuxing for a minority stake, after admitting to losing money Uber founder Travis Kalanick is betting on former Google engineer Apurva Dalal, who he poached from Urban Ladder, an online furniture startup, to build local innovations that can give it an edge over local rival Ola. Dalal, who built the cloud R&D centre for Google in Hyderabad, is mandated to put together a local team to work on solutions for India's unique challenges such as unstable mobile networks and demand for cheaper rides from consumers. Uber so far has copied rival Ola's cash payment option to consumers which it has taken to Vietnam and Indonesia. It also has masked driver phone numbers to improve safety of commuters. "Apurva Dalal who recently joined us as the head of engineering at Uber India along with his team of engineers is focussed on building technology to better serve our rider and driver partners in India. The India team will specifically focus on areas of geolocation, big data /real time stream processing, Telematics, mobile apps and infrastructure technologies," said an Uber spokesperson. The move comes as Uber backed out of China, preferring to merge with rival Didi Chuxing for a minority stake, after admitting to losing money. It instead is increasing focus on India, the last large open market where it is spending a substantial part of the $3.5 billion it raised from Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund. In the last few months, Uber has stepped up the discounts it offers to customers and incentives to drivers to grab market share. Uber has around 25 per cent share in India's app-based taxi hailing market compared to rival Ola's two thirds share. While Ola has a lead, it also has lesser cash to burn. Uber on the other hand, which is valued at $68 billion, gets a leeway to burn larger amounts of money for longer periods of time, now that China is off its radar. "For us to dream of providing transportation which is as reliable as running water for everyone in India, we have reached a point where we have to setup an engineering centre here," Thuan Pham, chief technology officer at Uber, had said during the inauguration of Uber's engineering centre in Bengaluru in May. "If we all sit in the ivory tower in San Francisco, we cannot imagine how challenging the local conditions are," he added. Uber had pledged to invest Rs 99 crore to setup its Bengaluru centre which would employ around 200 people. Since then the company has said that it has doubled its headcount at the centre, hiring top class talent from elite tech companies and top tier engineering colleges including IITs and BITs. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Widgets Magazine MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Adware turns a tidy profit for those who sneak it into downloads Adware turns a tidy profit for those who sneak it into downloads Perpetrators are deliberately evading protections, say researchers from Google and NYU Katherine Noyes (IDG News Service) 09 August, 2016 05:12 - - - - print email Comments If you've ever downloaded software, chances are you've experienced an all-too-common surprise: ads or other unwanted programs that tagged along for the ride, only to pop up on your PC uninvited. Turns out there's a highly lucrative global industry making it happen, with "layers of deniability" to protect those involved. That's according to researchers from Google and New York University's Tandon School of Engineering, who will present this week what they say is the first analysis of the link between so-called "pay-per-install" (PPI) practices and the distribution of unwanted software. Commercial PPI is a monetization scheme whereby third-party applications are surreptitiously bundled with legitimate ones. When users install the package they requested, they also get a stream of unwanted programs riding stowaway. They may find a barrage of ads overrunning the screen, for example, or a flashing pop-up warning of malware and peddling fake antivirus software. Alternatively, the system's default browser may be hijacked so as to redirect to ad-laden pages. Making all this happen are networks of affiliates -- brokers who forge the deals that bundle the extra software with popular applications and place download offers on well-trafficked websites. They get paid by PPI businesses directly, sometimes as much as $2 per install, the researchers found. Legitimate developers often don't even know their products are being bundled with extra stuff. As part of their study, the researchers focused on four PPI affiliates, routinely downloading their software packages and analyzing the components. Most striking, they said, was the degree to which downloads are personalized to maximize the chances that their payload will be delivered. When an installer runs, the user's computer is first "fingerprinted" to determine which adware is compatible. The downloader also searches for antivirus protection and factors those results into its approach. "They do their best to bypass antivirus, so the program will intentionally inject those elements -- whether it's adware or scareware -- that are likeliest to evade whichever antivirus program is running," said Damon McCoy, an assistant professor of computer science and engineering at NYU Tandon. Google has long tracked web pages known to harbor unwanted software offers and updates the Safe Browsing protection in its Chrome browser to warn users when they visit such pages. But PPI affiliates are constantly adjusting their tactics to avoid user protections while intentionally delivering unwanted software, the researchers said. Part of the problem is what the researchers call the "thin veil of consent" that users grant inadvertently when they download the software they want. "If you've ever downloaded a screen saver or other similar feature for your laptop, you've seen a 'terms and conditions' page pop up where you consent to the installation," said McCoy. "Buried in the text that nobody reads is information about the bundle of unwanted software programs in the package you're about to download." The presence of a consent form allows these "stowaway software" businesses to operate legally, but what they thrust on users treads a fine line between unwanted software and malware, McCoy said. "We're hoping to expose these business practices so people are less likely to get duped into flooding their computers with programs they never wanted." The researchers' paper, titled "Investigating Commercial Pay-Per-Install and the Distribution of Unwanted Software," will be presented at the USENIX Security Symposium in Austin, Texas, later this week. Brand Post Predicts 2016 - Algorithms Take Digital Business to the Next Level More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about GoogleYork University Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed Mimecast Business Email Threat Report - Email Security Uncovered Checklist: How to Keep Cyberattacks in Check Latest Jobs ITIL Productivity Support Officer - contract Initially - Sydney NSW Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Iteration Manager NSW Network Engineer SA SharePoint Specialist QLD Change Manager/ Project Manager ACT Senior Android Developer NSW Project Delivery Manager - Technology Portfolio VIC Front End Developer NSW GIS Project Officer QLD Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next IBM is on a push to offer IoT from development to production Conrad MacKenzie on leading transformational change at UNSW ​One bank's answer to card skimmers? ATM withdrawals using a smartphone CSO Online In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation There’s a war on for cybersecurity talent CSO Voting security experts call on Clinton to demand recount Make companies pay full cost of breaches to restore trust in the internet, says ISOC 12 tips for safer Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping How to dodge Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping hackers ​DoD opens Hack the Army and reveals how not to be sued for research Computerworld Scalpers try to cash in on MacBook Pro shortage U.S. says cybersecurity skills shortage is a myth Government expands mandate of eSafety Commissioner Government reveals offensive cyber operations against IS More than half the world's people still off the Internet ARN Key resellers signed on as Mellanox pushes into enterprise Freshtel to take Field Solutions Group in multimillion-dollar merger Delta Electronics makes Aussie IT channel move with Synnex deal NetComm Wireless eyes revenue surge after NBN deal Can FireEye up the cyber security ante through Microsoft partnership? Techworld Voting security experts call on Clinton to demand recount Scalpers try to cash in on MacBook Pro shortage Make companies pay full cost of breaches to restore trust in the internet, says ISOC NativeScript deepens ties to Angular 2 Disney's best releases may be its open source tools CMO Telstra's Kingsmill takes up new post at Virgin Australia How video content is helping Cochlear with demand and engagement Report: Personalisation is impacting consumer and business brand loyalty Why GlamCorner is investing more into email marketing Cronulla Sharks to expand marketing automation efforts Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health

Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsThe Finalists For The Crunchies Have Been Announced Check Them Out Apps Handy’s Black Friday promo rewards contractors over customers Albert raises $2.5 million for its finance app that helps you save money Secure messaging app Telegram now offers its own anonymous blogging platform Browse more... Google UK to put up £1BN for full fiber broadband and 5G, £400M extra for VC Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live Browse more... google search Google can now tell you how busy a place is before you arrive Google will display election results as soon as polls close Why did ProtonMail vanish from Google search results for months? Browse more... mobile software Wink 2 Hub Review: A smart home hub built for the future Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow Instagram now lets you zoom in on videos and photos on iOS Browse more... Google to surface critic reviews and best-of list inclusions for bars and restaurants Posted Aug 4, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois (@fredericl) 0 SHARES Next Story Shoka put a brain for your bicycle in a connected smart bell Google announced an interesting little tweak to its search results today that will highlight reviews from reputable critics and best-of list inclusions for bars and restaurants when you search in the Google app. Say you are looking for a fancy place to eat in New York. Google already gives you plenty of information about any given restaurant, including when it’s the busiest and what other eaters thought about it. Now, however, instead of having to rely on amateurs, you will also see reviews from Michelin, Zagat and other reputable publishers (I guess Zagat’s reviews are also crowdsourced, though its reviewers tend to be somewhat self-selected). In addition, you’ll also see if a certain place is on a best-of list. Google is getting this data from the likes of Serious Eats, Eater and others. For now, this new feature is only available in the Google app for Android and iOS. It would be nice to also see this information on the desktop, too, but it’s likely only a matter of time before it’ll be available there. While there is plenty of value in using crowdsourced reviews, it’s also hard to beat the likes of Pete Wells and the Michelin Guide when it comes to deciding where to spend your hard-earned money on that $400 prix fixe dinner. Featured Image: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Search Description Search is Google's core product and is what got them an official transitive verb addition to the Merriam Webster for google. Website http://Google.com Full profile for Google Search Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla and SolarCity-powered Island | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes google search mobile software Google Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 2 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 16 hours ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 17 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 17 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From TechCrunch Ashton Kutcher and Guy Oseary’s Sound Ventures back Apptopia’s next-gen app intelligence platform 22 minutes ago | Sarah Perez Amazon acquired patents, employees from Biba, reportedly plans new video chat service 23 minutes ago | Ingrid Lunden UK wants to censor ‘non-conventional’ sex videos 26 minutes ago | John Biggs Security researchers can turn headphones into microphones 1 hour ago | John Biggs Up Next Shoka put a brain for your bicycle in a connected smart bell Posted Aug 4, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings CRM Berater (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) C++ Developer - Qt Product Development (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) Full Stack Engineer at FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) UI Engineering @ FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 16 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Ditto is now in Pokémon GO 16 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live 22 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out yesterday by Sarah Perez The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 2 hours ago by Brian Heater Lovely is finally shipping the Fitbit for sexy times 1 hour ago by John Biggs Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 17 hours ago by Lora Kolodny Albert raises $2.5 million for its finance app that helps you save money 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 17 hours ago by Josh Constine
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Photos highlights space-freeing feature in new video ad By Ida Torres - August 8, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter We’ve all been there before. At a very crucial point, sometimes with a never can be repeated moment, you take a picture with your smartphone and it replies with the “Storage Full” notification. Tears and frustration and even anger were expressed, but sometimes, you can never recapture that instant, and you spend agonizing minutes deleting photos that you wanted to keep, just to take more photos. Google Photos has just release a new video showing those “Dang it!” moments to promote its “Free Up Space” feature so you’ll never have that problem again. Actually, this feature has been around for a few months now. It was earlier this year when Google Photos added the “Free Up Space” feature so that those who take a lot of photos and have just a small internal storage (and even microSD storage) space on their devices will be able to, as the feature name says, free up space on their smartphone. The photos and videos that you take are automatically uploaded to your Google Photos service. Once it has finished backing it up on the cloud, it will then delete the photos on your device to make room for more photos in the future. It looks like Google feels like you’re not paying that much attention to this feature and so they decided to highlight it with this amusing video that also feels very real. Using the hashtag #PhotosForLife, Google Photos tweeted out the 1-minute video to promote the Free Up Space option and also to convince you to back up your photos on its cloud. While some would prefer to still have their photos stored locally, saving it on your cloud storage of choice is pretty safe, in case you lose your device or it malfunctions or you accidentally delete all your photos there. Google Photos seems to be one of the best around and you have sort of “unlimited” space up there on your cloud. Because life shouldn’t stop when your phone storage does. #PhotosForLifehttps://t.co/yl3wz3EGnU — Google Photos (@googlephotos) August 6, 2016 SOURCE: Google Photos TAGS Android Apps Google Google Photos Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,442FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 470,056FollowersFollow 59,653SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Google Mergers and Acquisitions Google keeps buying cloud companies to take on Amazon’s AWS The latest acquisition is Orbitera. by Mark Bergen Aug 8, 2016, 1:29pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Google SVP Diane Greene. Brian Ach / Getty Images for Wired When a team at Google is interested in a startup, they typically go to the company’s corporate development arm and ask, “Can we buy this?“ Over the past year, according to someone who recently left Google, those inbound requests have come most frequently from one unit: Enterprise. Since Diane Greene took charge of Google’s cloud and apps units late last year, the group has been spending heavily, filling its ranks and absorbing smaller companies. Today it brought another: Orbitera, a five-year-old startup that automates billing and selling processes in the cloud. Google is buying these companies because of one feature of the cloud storage business: Enterprises like to use multiple providers. Many give money to Amazon’s AWS, but, to hedge, will seek out others. Google benefits from making it easier to do that. “Interoperability is going to reign. Nobody is going to be on one thing,” said Scott Broomfield, COO of cloud company Metavine. “Orbitera is a provider of tools that allow companies to create their own ecosystems, so that is a good tuck in for Google.” Neither company shared the price tag for Orbitera, which had raised only $2 million. But the deal fits with Google’s overall enterprise strategy. That, according to sources familiar with its plans, is to unify its sales organization — the previously disjointed teams that sold its cloud storage and apps for work products — in order to catch up to the more robust revenue engines from Microsoft and Amazon. That strategy likely does not hinge on making a big acquisition, a la Microsoft’s $26.2 billion for LinkedIn. Instead, Google is eyeing smaller purchases that help it build out missing parts of its cloud, apps and marketing tech. And that will keep adding to the unit’s personnel numbers. In May, Greene brought on Alison Wagonfeld, a well-known enterprise investor, as her CMO. Her hire splits Google’s top marketing role in two for the first time. recode_divider Next Up In Google Watch a supercut of Google’s event announcing its Pixel phones, Home and Daydream VR headset Google's hardware event was really all about its AI software Liveblog of Google’s hardware event Google's hardware chief says the Pixel will hold its own against the iPhone Google tailored its fabric Daydream headset for VR first-timers Trending Amazon has big plans to expand its online tickets business Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles More in Trending This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. BTW Commerce Security A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan by Jason Del Rey@DelRey First he let Jeremy Lin go. Now this. Social Twitter Politics Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance by April Glaser and Kurt Wagner Twitter doesn’t want third parties spying on its users. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Menu CSO Mobile Security Data Protection Identity & Access SecurityWatch CISO Leaders CSO Events Resources/Whitepapers Women in Security Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + RSS Feed Login Username Password Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up now close ​Quadrooter - four Qualcomm bugs that leave your Android phone completely rooted Liam Tung (CSO Online) on 09 August, 2016 02:51 0 - - - - print email If you haven’t received the latest security patches from Google, your Android phone is almost certainly vulnerable to one of the so-called ‘Quadrooter' bugs that affects nearly every Android device on earth. Security firm Check Point has revealed four significant vulnerabilities in Qualcomm chips that run as many as 900 million Android devices, including newer devices which prioritise faster patching and enhanced security features. Among the affected devices include BlackBerry's Priv, Silent Circle's Blackphone, and Google’s Nexus devices, including the 5X, 6, and 6P. Also affected are the HTC One, HTC M9 and HTC 10, LG’s G4 and G5, Motorola’s new Moto X, all OnePlus One flagships, Samsung’s Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, and Sony’s Xperia Z Ultra. Fortunately, an attacker can only exploit these Quadrooter bugs if they can dupe a victim into installing a malicious app. That’s a significantly higher barrier to exploitation than Stagefright, the name for a set of bugs affecting a key Android media system discovered last year. These bugs only required a specially crafted MMS message to remotely gain control of a vulnerable device; users didn't need to do anything beyond opening a message to become infected. Quadrooter bugs still have fangs though. As Check Point notes, if a malicious app is installed, Quadrooter bugs would not need special permissions to exploit bugs that reside in the drivers for Qualcomm’s chipsets. Additionally, patching the Qualcomm bugs will be a circuitous affair. First, Qualcomm needs to release a patch for the bugs, then handset makers and carriers need to distribute them — and they're two groups that have an appalling record for distributing Android security patches. If all this happens, device owners will then need to install the patch. That said, Google last week issued a patch for one of the four bugs, CVE-2016-2504, which relates to flaw in the kernel graphics driver. The advisory for Google’s August Android security bulletin was dominated by fixes for bugs in chipset drivers, most of which addressed Qualcomm driver bugs. Google appears to have doubled down on hardware driver bugs in the past two months. Google has addressed so many hardware driver bugs in the past two monthly updates that it split each patch level into two streams. This was to help device makers and carriers fix the most urgent bugs faster. The other bugs Check Point revealed included CVE-2016-2059 affecting a Qualcomm kernel module for the router; CVE-2016-5340, an Android subsystem flaw present in devices that rely on Qualcomm chipsets; and CVE-2016-2503, which is related to the bug Google fixed. Bugs in Qualcomm drivers are important for Android security since it is the number one LTE chipset provider to the smartphone market. Google began rolling out monthly security updates for Android shortly after the first Stagefright bugs were revealed last July. Read more ​Nearly all video traffic from YouTube is now encrypted The Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission this year commenced an industry probe of smartphone patching to discover why some devices never receive security updates. The authorities cited Stagefright as one of the reasons for the investigation. Google’s monthly security update program only covers devices that are newer than Android 4.4, the version Google released in 2013. Google’s snapshot of Android at beginning of August indicates it was providing patches that covered 80 percent of all Android devices that connected to its app store. But, since Google does not control the mechanism from it to end-user devices, it’s not known what proportion of Android handsets actually receive its patches. Read More: Google doubles Android update to cope with rash of Qualcomm bugs The next world war will be cyber – and it has already begun ​The identification game – proving who you are A ransomware infection is only the beginning of your malware problems: Cisco Security is more than User Education – it’s About Cultural Change ​Scammers put a bogus Android security patch app in Google Play Brand Post Besieged by ransomware, Australian businesses must think bigger to protect themselves More from Mimecast Join the CSO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Check Point Software Technologiesbugs and security failuresAndroidIT SecurityQuadrooter bugssecurity patchesransomwarecyber security More about BlackBerryCheck PointFederal Communications CommissionFederal Trade CommissionGalaxyGoogleHTCLGMotorolaOnePlusQualcommSamsungSilent CircleSony Read next US lawmakers introduce bill to delay enhanced government hacking powers In wake of Census fail, IBM taps Watson AI to support new ... Ransomware victims able to thwart attacks, report says Security is no fiction: Infosec on TV, film—and in space Hacking competitions that will get you noticed CSO Webinar: 21st-century whalers will harpoon your profits – and conventional defences ... Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Whitepapers Exposure Response Whaling - Anatomy of an Attack, Protecting Your Organisation from CEO Email Scams IDC Technology Spotlight: Guarding the 3rd Platform of IT with Continuous Security Monitoring INSIGHTS: THE 2016 AUSTRALIAN IT SECURITY STRATEGIES SURVEY: TOP TIPS Editor's Recommendations ​One bank's answer to card skimmers? ATM withdrawals using a smartphone ​Protecting privileged accounts in the cloud ​Load Balancing: The Key to Business Continuity in the Cloud Solution Centres LogRhythm Security Intelligence Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Gigamon Network Security Zone Stories by Liam Tung ​DoD opens Hack the Army and reveals how not to be sued for research ​One bank's answer to card skimmers? ATM withdrawals using a smartphone ​Google Chrome will block thousands of sites using SHA-1 certs from January 2017 How to stop Internet Things turning on us? Government intervention, says Bruce Schneier Latest Videos CSO Webinar: 21st-century whalers will harpoon your profits – and conventional defences can't stop them Play Video CSO Webinar: So, you’ve put your data in the cloud. How will you keep it safe? Play Video CSO Webinar: Will your data protection strategy be enough when disaster strikes? Play Video CSO Webinar: The Human Factor - Your people are your biggest security weakness Play Video CSO Webinar: Current ransomware defences are failing – but machine learning can drive a more proactive solution Play Video More videos Blog Posts ​Mossack Fonseca - Insider Threat - What would you do? Matthew Hackling Awareness Matt Tett Are you on the backfoot? Jarrod Loidl Internet Security....the final word.....well maybe the second final.....ah, maybe one more after that..... Drazen Drazic Send Us E-mail | Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Subscribe to emails | Contacts Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO | CMO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Home Login/Sign up Sections Industries Industries Banking & Finance Health Government Retail Manufacturing Data Protection Data Protection Application Security Network Security Cloud Security Social Networking Security Wireless / Mobile Security Malware / Cybercrime Data Privacy PCI & Compliance IT Audit Social Engineering Identity & Access Identity & Access Access Control Identity Management Identity Theft Prevention Mobile Security Security Leadership Security Leadership Compliance Executive Communication Security Awareness Strategic Planning / ERM Metrics / Budgets Security Industry Global Security Security Career Staffing Risk Management RSA 2014 Women in Security News Features Opinions Blogs Reviews EThreatz Resources / Whitepapers Galleries Events CSO Directory RSS Feed
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Security Google Android A new flaw puts nearly a billion phones at risk and shows Android security is still a patchwork mess There are still too many cooks stirring the pot. by Ina Fried Aug 8, 2016, 1:52pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Check Point Another big security flaw in Android highlights just how messed up the Google ecosystem still is when it comes to security. This one, known as Quadrooter, was disclosed in recent days by security software maker Check Point. Quadrooter affects a whole host of top-end Android devices running one of Qualcomm’s Snapdragon chips. That means hundreds of millions or even a billion devices could be at risk, including top-end models such as the Samsung Galaxy S7, HTC 10 and LG G5 and even Google’s latest Nexus devices and security-focused devices like BlackBerry’s Priv and Silent Circle’s Blackphone. The problem is there are still so many hands in the pot when it comes to updating Android. Google updates its software, but device makers have to tailor it for their phones — and sometimes they get their software not from Google, but from chipmakers like Qualcomm. And then sometimes mobile carriers want to do their own testing to make sure they aren’t inadvertently introducing other problems onto their network. All that means the time from when a flaw is identified or disclosed to when it is fixed is longer than it should be, sometimes leaving hundreds of millions of phones vulnerable for weeks or months. “The problem continues to be that Android security updates are really hard because of [their] fragmented ecosystem,” said Check Point mobile security evangelist Jeff Zacuto told Recode. In this case, the flaw affected such a broad swath of phones because it was an issue at the chip level — and Qualcomm chips power roughly two-thirds of Android phones. It’s worth noting that as bad as things are, they used to be worse. Google didn’t always have monthly security patches, carriers used to be much stingier with allowing quick security updates and device makers did a lot more customizations to Android that further complicated the process. Qualcomm, for its part, said it was notified between February and April about the various vulnerabilities and made patches available between April and July. But unlike when Apple releases a security update for the iPhone, that’s only one step in the process. Once Qualcomm or Google releases a fix, each handset maker has to tweak it for their phone and then make the update available to customers. In the U.S., updates also sometimes go through the cellphone carrier as well. Google, meanwhile, says three of the four flaws tied to Quadrooter were patched in an August security update, while the fourth is set to be fixed soon. It also notes that while this is a high-risk flaw, it still requires a user to download a malicious app in order to be affected. That means those most at risk are people who get apps from places other than the Google Play store, although Zacuto noted that even sticking to official app stores isn’t a guarantee of safety. “They do a great job catching malicious apps, but they don’t catch 100 percent,” he said. Despite the lengthy process, Google and Qualcomm say things are improving, with flaws being fixed sooner and more devices getting updates. “There is an overwhelming consensus that things are getting better, that we are moving things in the right direction,” Qualcomm engineering VP Alex Gantman told Recode. recode_divider Next Up In Google Watch a supercut of Google’s event announcing its Pixel phones, Home and Daydream VR headset Google's hardware event was really all about its AI software Liveblog of Google’s hardware event Google's hardware chief says the Pixel will hold its own against the iPhone Google tailored its fabric Daydream headset for VR first-timers Trending Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. Facebook, Google and now Verizon are accelerating their tracking efforts despite consumers’ privacy concerns The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles Trump’s FCC transition team may spell the end of net neutrality ‘SNL’ spoofs the very real San Francisco and New York City culture bubbles More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 16. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. BTW Commerce Security A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan by Jason Del Rey@DelRey First he let Jeremy Lin go. Now this. Social Twitter Politics Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance by April Glaser and Kurt Wagner Twitter doesn’t want third parties spying on its users. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « Ruth B's Streaming Success: Anatomy Of A Developing Artist [Glenn Peoples] | Main | Spotify Releases Useful "Organize Your Music" Tool » Obama, Meet Kafka [Chris Castle] This piece examines how the Obama years have affected the music industry as well as how, according to Chris Castle, a suspiciously close relationship between the White House and Google has been to the detriment of musicians and other creatives. _____________________________ Guest Post by Chris Castle on Music Technology Policy Someone must have been telling lies about Josef K., he knew he had done nothing wrong but, one morning, he was arrested….”And why am I under arrest?” he then asked. “That’s something we’re not allowed to tell you. Go into your room and wait there. Proceedings are underway and you’ll learn about everything all in good time….” From The Trial, by Franz Kafka. It occurs to me that President Obama will go down in history as the American president who hurt artists and songwriters more than any other.  And I can’t help noticing that right from the beginning of his Administration–perhaps even before he took office–Google has been an overwhelming influence on all aspects of his decision making.  It should not be lost on anyone that the consistent beneficiary of the economic and emotional devastation visited upon artists and songwriters has been Google–starting with this gathering of the tribes barely a fortnight after President Obama took office held at the swank San Francisco pied à terre of Google’s head lawyer: Whether its the Administration’s abject failure to stop Google’s profit from brand sponsored piracy, Obama’s miserable record on protecting the property rights of creators to Google’s benefit, or the latest insult today from the Obama Justice Department on 100% licensing, it is clear that we seem to always come out on the short end of the stick when it comes to Barack Obama.  And I could go on, it’s not just these three points. Ginny Hunt, Google’s White House fixer. Realize this–it’s not political.  Clearly.  Some of President Obama’s biggest contributors and most loyal supporters are from the music business, so unless there is some wild disparity in campaign contributions or other consideration coming from Silicon Valley in general or Google in particular, it’s clearly not political. Google clearly has an inside track on this Administration, however.  In case you missed it, take a look at the number of White House visits by Google’s chief lobbyist Joanna Shelton (courtesy of the Google Transparency Project): That’s right–Google’s lobbyist has more access to the White House than the insurance industry, Exxon, Microsoft or Comcast. And that doesn’t even count the famous Google revolving door: This is all of a piece.  It is what perpetuates that ennui of shadows, that foreboding that somehow, some way we have done something wrong.  For why else would they persecute us so?  Don’t you wish they would just tell us what it is rather than bleed us from 1,000 cuts with DMCA takedown notices or today’s absurd through the looking glass ruling by the Obama Justice Department on 100% licensing? As NMPA CEO David Israelite said in his statement about the bizarre ruling today, this contradictory mishmash that suggests an innate lack of the ability to think sequentially, this too leads back to Google and corrupt government run amok: After a two year review of the consent decrees that govern ASCAP and BMI, career lawyers who were never elected nor confirmed to their positions, led by a lawyer who previously represented Google, determined that songwriters should have even fewer rights, less control over their intellectual property and be treated more unfairly than they already are. The lawyer referred to is Renata B. Hesse, and we will have more on her in the coming days, including her violations of White House ethics rules (rules that don’t seem to apply to Google) and other odds and ends.  Hers is a timeline replete with strange coincidences, secret White House meetings, and missing chunks of resume, all held together by a common thread:  Whenever Hesse is around, Google seems to benefit. It’s so blatant, you have to ask yourself why would government bureaucrats like DOJ antitrust lawyer David C. Kully stick their necks out so far in broad daylight.  Easy answer–because they’re not sticking their necks out.  These “jobsworths” are doing what they know the higher ups want them to do, and maybe even demand that they do.  Now where have we heard that defense before? Of course–if you read the DOJ’s ruling, you won’t find one single name of anyone–nobody–mentioned in the text.  Nobody takes ownership of it.  There’s not even a name in the document metadata. If these lawyers were so confident of their work product, wouldn’t they have pride of authorship?  Wouldn’t they want to be cited, quoted, pointed to?  Apparently not.  You don’t suppose that’s a sign of true cowardice, do you? But remember this–it’s not just Renata Hesse.  There are hundreds of Google people planted in the government, and hundreds of government people planted at Google.  This is worse than Halliburton, Brown & Root, United Fruit, IT&T or Teapot Dome.  The difference is that it is extremely unlikely that anyone will ever investigate any of it. What has happened today is that the Obama Administration has–to the great benefit of Google and the MIC Coalition–kicked the can down the road. The Obama Administration have successfully managed to trick the entire music industry into believing that their intentions were good with a two year delay (at least) of “reviewing” thousands of aspirational comments from songwriters about how to make the consent decrees work better for everyone. You will hear people say that the Justice Department acted in good faith, that they meant well, that they just couldn’t find one single proposal to adopt from the public comments including those made by the Copyright Office.  But remember you heard it here first… That’s bullshit. I don’t know how these people sleep at night, but it’s bullshit.  This game was rigged from the beginning.  It’s the only explanation that makes any sense. Songwriters are now faced with having to dig into meager royalty payments (more meager than seven years ago due in large part to the inaction of the Obama Administration) to sue a defendant that literally prints money–the Obama Justice Department–just to get something that approaches justice. So stay tuned, I will have a lot more to say about this corruption.  But if you have a vague foreboding that you’ve done something wrong but no one will tell you what it is, you’re right. Mr. Obama, meet Mr. Kafka, the author.  You’ll remember Mr. Kafka from the Google Books case. He was on to you years ago. Related articles Music Tech Startup Muzooka Raises $3 Million Hypebot Hosts Third San Francisco Music Tech Meetup Ticketfly Closes $50M Series D Round Posted by Guest Post on 08/08/2016 in More News, Music Business, Publishing | Permalink Comments Obama, Meet Kafka [Chris Castle] This piece examines how the Obama years have affected the music industry as well as how, according to Chris Castle, a suspiciously close relationship between the White House and Google has been to the detriment of musicians and other creatives. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • What Trump Presidency Means For Musicians • 10 FREE Tools For Kickstarting Your Music • 6 Big Music Tech Predictions From 20 Industry Tastemakers • 5 Tips To Help DJs Play More Of Your Music • Download Spotify Update Now To Save Your Hard Drive Recent Posts Facebook Discovers More Broken Metrics 7 Instagram/Snapchat Story Rules For Musicians CD Baby Acquires Show.co, Soundrop To Expand Artist Services, Pledges New Distribution Approach That Favors Constant Creation How Artists Can Get Their Music Played on Sirius XM, Local Radio How To Get 100K Plays On Soundcloud AM BRIEF: Vevo Works To Find Niche • Live Royalties Top $8B • A&R Power Player List • More Social Media Use Varies Widely By Age Group [INFOGRAPHIC] 5 Musicians Killing It On YouTube Facebook Music Test: Proof Fans Are Missing Updates From Their Favorite Artists How One Top Music, Entertainment Analyst Did Predicting 2016 Industry Trends Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here Recent Comments Jeffrey Rubin on Facebook Music Test: Proof Fans Are Missing Updates From Their Favorite Artists smith on How Streaming Is Changing The Sound Of Pop Music Jeffrey Rubin on Busting The Myth That Artists Don't Need Record Labels And Producers Sakis Gouzonis on Busting The Myth That Artists Don't Need Record Labels And Producers KO on Spotify Relaunches Artists Site As "How To" Guide, But Stops Sharing Per Stream Payment Rates Anne Leighton on 8 Ways To Get Back To Work Post Election [Kosha Dillz] seriousgeorge on 8 Ways To Get Back To Work Post Election [Kosha Dillz] Royal T. McUnderpaid on Streaming Music: Give It Away, Give It Away, Give It Away Now [Glenn Peoples Of Pandora] Jade Downes on 3 Ways The Internet Hates Your Band The Cat Daddy on Sonicbids To Shut Down ArtistData Next Month <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL">Quote for AAPL</a> SEARCH HYPEBOT More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Cloud Why Amazon's cloud dominance is about more than price cuts AWS keeps imitating the best of Microsoft's platform approach, and enterprises are eating it up. By Matt Asay | August 8, 2016, 9:57 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: iStockphoto/maxsattana Despite years of useless wrangling over whose cloud is cheapest, and endless price wars, we seem to have hit a floor on cloud infrastructure pricing. As Redmonk financial analyst Rachel Stephens finds: "[T]he trend of ever downward price pressures seems to be alleviating." That's great, but the cloud has never really been about cut-throat pricing, and AWS' lead has never depended on offering "everyday lower prices." Even at its cheapest, AWS proved good margins could be made, with the cloud division generating 56% of all of Amazon's quarterly profit. Instead, AWS market leadership has come from following its cross-town rival Microsoft's playbook, as Redmonk analyst Stephen O'Grady pointed out. AWS is a platform, and platforms—not pricing—are the best way to ensure loyal customers. A price war that wasn't Oh, sure. AWS has made a habit of aggressively lowering prices, with more than 50 price decreases since 2006. AWS tends to drop prices ahead of its competitors, making competition unprofitable even as its superior scale allows it to make money on higher volumes. SEE: Attention AWS competitors: You can't buy first place Must-Read Cloud Why there's no compelling use case for hybrid cloud Pokemon Go: How the cloud saved the smash hit game from collapse Switching clouds: What Spotify learned when it swapped AWS for Google's cloud Tech Pro Research: Cloud computing policy Even so, it is Google, not AWS, that has been trying to distinguish itself through lower prices. Stephens picks up on this, arguing that "Google remains the most aggressively priced," whether we're talking about memory or compute. It's a familiar refrain to those of us who watch the cloud market closely. A year ago, Google cloud executive Miles Ward told me that Google's cloud pricing "always" comes in lower than AWS. But it hasn't worked. Not much, anyway. The reason is that enterprise buyers aren't looking to the cloud to shave pennies or dollars from their budgets. Instead, public cloud is all about improving business agility, and this, in turn, benefits from going with vendors that can deliver a full stack/platform experience. Waging war 'The Microsoft Way' Which brings us to Amazon and its embrace of Microsoft's platform approach to software. As O'Grady writes: In the cloud...the player that appears to have learned the most from Microsoft's platform success ironically has not been Microsoft, but Amazon. What the companies have in common...is that they are both platform businesses. Amazon's Web Services business, it can be argued, is the new Microsoft, in the cloud. Which would imply that the AWS Management Console, as mentioned above, is the new Visual Studio. AWS' intent to deliver "a complete, end-to-end experience for its customers" is "impressive bordering on intimidating," he continues, and it has resulted in enterprises—fueled by both their developers and IT—shifting workloads from private datacenters to Amazon's public cloud at a torrid pace. SEE Big banks to move 30% of workloads to public cloud within three years Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Cloud Infrastructure as a Service report echoes O'Grady's findings: [AWS] has the richest array of IaaS and PaaS capabilities. It provides the deepest capabilities for governing a large number of users and resources. It continues to rapidly expand its service offerings and to offer higher-level solutions. It retains a multiyear competitive advantage over all its competitors, and thus is the common reference point for competitive benchmarking. At some point, AWS could have garnered even greater profitability by slowing its infrastructure and product innovations, but it hasn't. It has done the opposite, choosing to play for long-term platform dominance rather than short-term economic gain. As a result, Gartner's Magic Quadrant clearly shows AWS completely outpacing all but Microsoft and Google, setting itself up for a richly profitable future. Click here to automatically subscribe to our Cloud Revolution newsletter. Subscribe Also see Amazon CFO said these 3 factors are the reason for AWS revenue explosion (TechRepublic) Why Kubernetes may be a bigger threat to Amazon than Google's cloud (TechRepublic) Microsoft cuts Azure prices as competition with AWS, Google heats up (TechRepublic) Google's master cloud plan: Buy more infrastructure, charge less for it (TechRepublic) Attention AWS competitors: You can't buy first place (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Matt Asay Matt Asay is a veteran technology columnist who has written for CNET, ReadWrite, and other tech media. Asay has also held a variety of executive roles with leading mobile and big data software companies. Full Bio Contact See all of Matt's content Google+ mjasay × Full Bio Matt Asay is a veteran technology columnist who has written for CNET, ReadWrite, and other tech media. Asay has also held a variety of executive roles with leading mobile and big data software companies. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Equipment reassignment policy IT help desk support SLA Job description: MongoDB administrator Interview questions: MongoDB administrator Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE Expanded Text Ads: from quirks to testing methods & early results, what we know so far Marketers share how they are approaching the new text ad format and results they're seeing. Ginny Marvin on August 8, 2016 at 8:45 am More With the arrival of expanded text ads, advertisers are discovering nuances about the new format and starting to see how bigger stacks up against standard in testing. Here’s a look at what we’ve learned so far from industry experts and Google itself about implementing, testing and evaluating expanded text ads in these initial weeks. The knowns & quirks ETAs are now running along with standard ads. With a change of this magnitude and scale, introducing ETAs this way was a necessity. It gives advertisers time to write new ads and test ETA performance against standard ads. Presumably, those doing the testing now will have a leg up on those who wait. As of October 26, 2016, standard text ads will no longer be accepted in AdWords. Existing standard ads can continue to run (for a time), but advertisers really should take this time to write and test ETAs before that October deadline. Headlines can be truncated. We wrote about this quirk earlier. Turns out content is actually limited by pixel width, not character length. Meaning an “i” will take up less space than an “m.” If you want to be sure your full headline displays, Google now recommends limiting the combined count of both headlines to 33 characters. Descriptions can be truncated. Advertisers have also told us descriptions are sometimes cut off. One reported 80-character descriptions have been truncated to as few as 57 characters. We’ve asked Google to confirm and if there are any recommended limits. We will post any updates here. Ad Preview Tool is not a great indicator of how your ads will display. Google has said that if the preview tool shows the full headline, it “generally won’t be truncated.” Yet in the UI, you can type in too many characters and still look fine in preview. In Editor (example below), two headlines of pixel-heavy “M”s aren’t truncated in the preview either. In fact, it looks like the headline will take up three lines with the dash showing on the second line. Ad preview does not show truncation with two headlines filled with wide-letters. DKI in headlines. Someone asked me if dynamic keyword insertion is supported in ETA headlines. It is (along with countdowns); in fact, it turns out you can set DKI in both headlines if you want to keyword-stuff the heck out of your ad. I don’t recommend it, but Google will approve ads with it in both. No more mobile preferred option. Google did not communicate this one well, and it’s a significant change for advertisers that have been writing distinct ad copy for mobile — and checking the mobile device preference box. With ETAs, messaging is the same across all devices. The only option is to designate a separate mobile landing page URL in ETAs. The option to create mobile-preferred ad copy is replaced by the option to set a mobile landing page with ETAs. Two optional Path fields for the display URL. This update gets less attention than the double headline and longer description, but it’s another feature to experiment with (more below). Each has a 15-character limit, and both are meant strictly to help offer more landing page context. An example is example.com/Hiking/Shoes. Testing methodologies Google has been recommending that advertisers completely rethink their ad messaging with ETAs. That sounds exciting, but in practice, advertisers have spent years testing their messaging to highlight features, benefits, offers and so on to appeal to intent-driven searchers. Most marketers we spoke to are initially reworking existing ad copy elements that have proved successful rather than recreating the wheel. Brad Geddes of Certified Knowledge and PPC ad testing and management software company Adalysis said he’s primarily seeing three scenarios from advertisers using Adalysis now: Case 1: Step 1: Taking their current ads and ensuring d1s (the first description line) end in periods to get extended headlines Step 2: Creating expanded text ads with almost the exact same text Testing to see which version does better Case 2 (when ETAs are better): Try moving their d1 vs. d2 as the new h2. This lets them see if they should focus more on benefits or calls to action in the titles. Case 2b: Once they understand case 2, testing short vs. long descriptions to see if adding a lot of the messaging really makes a difference “While these are the common testing scenarios,” said Geddes, “it seems that the ad serving is a bit random, so while the aggressive testers are moving to these steps, many others are kind of sitting back, doing a bit of testing their old ads versus some ETA ideas just to get an idea of how to write ETAs that beat their current ads, but aren’t making drastic changes yet since they really don’t understand how ads are being served.” To address ad-serving concerns, Aaron Levy at Elite SEM said, “For clients that have a TON of history or reliance on a giant term or two, we’re recommending using Campaign Experiments to give ETAs 10 to 15 percent of traffic until they ‘Catch up,’ so to speak, slowly but surely moving traffic over as CTR and CPCs normalize.” For others, Elite recommends loading standard ads and ETAs together and aiming for a 50-50 rotation. At UK-based agency Brainlabs, Sophie Newton, partner, and Mike Blackwell, account director, said that initially they were seeing ETAs shown to around 10 percent of traffic, but that has now increased to up to 60 percent, and they expect that share to keep growing.  Brainlabs’ initial testing strategy follows the scenarios Geddes laid out — with the help of automation and a focus on taking full advantage of the new character limits. “We’ve built software that converts all standard ads to ETAs, whilst maintaining granularity and relevancy and ensuring that the ads take up as much space as possible,” said Newton and Blackwell. That includes populating both URL Paths by adding relevant keywords in the fields. In regard to truncation, Levy says they are aiming to keep the combined headline length to around 35 characters, stressing that ad writers don’t have to use all available characters. Additionally, Levy says, “We expect weird things out of the double display URL paths, so are guiding people to keep those around 50 until we see otherwise.” Speaking of paths, Geddes says he’s seeing quite a bit of confusion around how these new fields can be used. Bethany Bauer at Elite SEM has been experimenting with them. Below is an example using a call to action and a keyword in the fields as one scenario. An example of using keywords and a call to action in the paths fields. Source: Elite SEM Bauer says she’s also testing more descriptive phrases that give more detail about a specific product. Kara Beaudet, also at Elite SEM, is testing the use of both paths for longer tail keywords “with the first path showing the product category and the second path being more specific to the keyword.” Early results: brand & non-brand CTR trends Some beta testers have had access to expanded text ads since April. Digital agency Merkle released an early look at the end of July that showed mixed results: minimal-to-negative impact for brand from ETA, but improvements across devices for ETAs on non-brand traffic, with desktop showing the biggest gains. Brainlabs has also seen lower CTRs from expanded text ads on brand traffic. Though, non-intuitively, those lower CTRs have also yielded lower CPCs. On non-brand traffic,” says Newton, “we’re seeing ETAs of 10–30 percent higher CTR with CPCs up to six percent lower… Going a bit deeper into device, we’ve seen the best CPC improvements with tablet ETAs and the best CTR improvements with mobile ETAs.” Elite SEM’s data also points to minimal effects on brand ETAs and big lifts from non-brand ETAs, on average. Matthew Devinney at Elite provided the report below from a B2B client, which is a representative example of the brand/non-brand trends the agency is seeing in client accounts. Brand ETA click-through rates typically range from lower to marginally higher, while the non-brand ETAs drove substantial lift in CTR. Source: Elite SEM Tim Krozek, CEO of Boost Media, said his firm has begun testing expanded text ads for over 100 clients and says on average, ETAs are generating higher click-through rates. For headlines, longer has typically worked better. “Ads that used >135 characters in the headlines and description had a click-through rate that index[ed] 49 percent higher than the average ETA click-through rate, whereas ads in the middle range (117–128 characters) index around seven percent worse. Interestingly, shorter-than-average ads (<116 characters) indexed six percent better than average.” Krozek cautions, “As with everything in paid search, just because expanded text ads are new doesn’t mean they’ll outperform your old ads right off the bat. Run your new ETAs alongside old ads. If your standard ads are outperforming ETAs, take a look at which messaging strategies are working and adapt those in the ETA format.” About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Articles How to get the old Google Keyword Planner volume data Expand all your AdWords ads in 30 seconds flat Merkle's early data on expanded text ad CTRs: Results are mixed AdWords gains 3 new cross-device attribution reports Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWords Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 7 Major Mistakes That Will Derail Your CMS Project 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success What’s Inside the Always-On Brain 10 Ways You Can Use Reviews to Make Your Job Easier See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE So we have 45 more characters in AdWords text ads… Now what? Expanded text ads recently went live in AdWords, so what's the next step? Columnist Pauline Jakober explains how to strategically expand on your existing text ads when making the transition. Pauline Jakober on August 8, 2016 at 10:03 am More The one thing that’s remained constant in AdWords over the past 15 years is the good ol’ 25-35-35 character rule we worked with in text ads. And we’ve become pretty good at it. But in May, it was announced that the old way of doing things would be changing to cater to the multiscreen world we live in. And on July 26, AdWords rolled out new character limits that change the way text ads display content. The new character count is 30-30-80, and consists of: two headlines of up to 30 characters of text; and one condensed description line of up to 80 characters. For many of us, the 25-35-35 thing has been engrained in our brains, and this change represents a huge shift. No matter how hard I try, I can’t get the numbers 25-35-35 out of my brain. I feel like Hurley from Lost. — Kirk Williams (@PPCKirk) July 22, 2016 As we’re in uncharted territory, there’s sure to be lots of testing to come. In the announcement over at Google, it was reported that tests have shown that “some advertisers have reported increases in click-through rates of up to 20 percent compared to current text ads.” From the announcement here at Search Engine Land on July 26 (linked to earlier), we see that Google is expecting advertisers to A/B test expanded text ads for a few months, allowing them to optimize these new ads to be just as effective as standard ads. And then the standard 25-35-35 ads will no longer be available: As of October 26, 2016, however, advertisers will no longer be able to create or upload standard text ads. Google has not set a date when standard ads will no longer run with ETAs [expanded text ads], but Jain noted advertisers should have sufficient time to test standard and expanded ad formats against each other to ensure they are properly using ETAs. In other words, the expectation is that advertisers will run A/B tests with standard and expanded text ads for a period. So what do you do when you have a vast landscape of 45 additional characters? Add more stuff? Sure, but strategically. Now is the time to be thinking about how you’ll use that extra space, and I’ll share a few things to consider next. Get the most from your headlines Although there is more space for content in the body of the ad, the big perk here is the headline. Just look at the difference from the standard to expanded ad — much more eye-catching than previously: And the headline is what Google wants us to focus on, too. From its help files: What you put into that space will be a big indicator of how enticing your ad text is — big blue headlines are more prominent than your description text. The content and quality of your headlines matters and will determine how well your ads perform. Headlines drive clicks and have the greatest opportunity to improve click-through rate. So that’s what I believe Google is saying here with regard to performance. Also turns out that headlines are the thing Google suggests spending the most time on testing: Your headlines should receive the majority of your testing attention. As you go about instituting and testing expanded text ads, focus on writing the best headline possible. Implementing great headlines has the most potential to make a big difference to performance […] Two headline fields raise another question about ad text — should your call to action be in the first or second headline? It’s a great question, and exactly the type of thing that you should test as you optimize your creatives. I started writing this article before the changes went live on July 26. One of the points I wanted to get across was to not just slap some additional text in the description and throw up another headline, and call it a day. That’s why I love No. 2 in Google’s best practice guide for expanded text ads: Don’t simply add a second headline to your existing ads. Rethink your entire ad creative. Why: Building a connection with someone through an ad can be tough. Additional characters allow you to provide consumers with more insight into your offering. Consider the following ideas when you’re thinking about your new approach to headlines: You can still include your main keyword in the ad headline as a best practice, but now you can also include the sale offer, like “25% Off,” right in the headline. You could have tried to do this before, but it’s typically been too much to fit into one headline. Include your call to action in the headline: “Download Your Free White Paper” or “Attend Today’s Event” or “Sign Up for Our Webinar.” In the past, we’ve put calls to action in the description line to save characters in the headline. Think about how you can answer your target market’s question in the headline. As Google mentioned in its tips here, “… ads that offer answers typically receive more attention (and clicks).” While some things change, others remain constant A solid strategy in the era of expanded text ads will still apply all the best practices we’ve come to learn over the years. Look at your ads from a holistic point of view, and consider the following approach: Assess the message as a whole, and use the tools available to you to support that message. That means reviewing your ad creative with everything else in mind, including ad extensions like callouts, reviews, structured snippets, calls and more to strategically craft that ad. Take full advantage of the characters available. Just like before, use up that real estate! But be aware: Some have spotted Google truncating headlines in the expanded text ad format when they are too long. Looks like pixel width is the culprit here, not character count. So be sure to test via the ad preview before you publish. Google chimed in on this issue: keep the combined characters across both headlines to 33. Although it’s somewhat annoying that we may not be able to use the extra space in some cases, we’ll just have to test. Don’t forget about keywords. Maintaining the keyword theme within your headline is likely still important, but we sometimes stray from that in certain circumstances. Some believe that staying away from keyword-based headlines will differentiate your ad in the search results. Remember, policies haven’t changed. While you have more space in the headlines, the headline policy is still the same. While it can be a shock when a professional guideline you’ve come to know like an old pair of jeans suddenly changes, I’m excited to see what this can do for our clients, and I am hopeful the new layout will help those searching for products, services and information get to it quicker. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Pauline Jakober Pauline Jakober is CEO of Group Twenty Seven, a boutique online advertising agency specializing in the Google AdWords and Bing Ads networks. As a Google AdWords Certified Partner, Jakober and her team practice cutting edge paid search strategy and management for clients across many industries. Related Articles Google expanded text ads are live, and device bidding & responsive ads for native roll out Expanded Text Ads: Are they living up to the hype? Merkle's early data on expanded text ad CTRs: Results are mixed Expand all your AdWords ads in 30 seconds flat Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsPaid Search ColumnSearch AdsSearch Ads: GeneralSearch Engine Land on InstagramSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 7 Major Mistakes That Will Derail Your CMS Project 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success What’s Inside the Always-On Brain 10 Ways You Can Use Reviews to Make Your Job Easier See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE Advanced Google Shopping: Is price a proxy for Quality Score in product ads? Columnist Andreas Reiffen shares insights about price sensitivity and user behavior in Google Shopping, based on an analysis of 15,000 conversions across the German, UK and US markets. Andreas Reiffen on August 8, 2016 at 10:50 am More In June, I spoke as part of the “Mad Scientists of Paid Search” panel session at SMX Advanced in Seattle. During the session, I presented Crealytics’ latest research on Google Shopping. The presentation included some findings relating to user behavior within the channel and uncovered how much product price really impacts performance. We’ve had a lot of questions as to how we came to those numbers, so I would like to share some answers with you now. Consumers don’t buy what they search for For a deeper insight into what is actually going on in Google Shopping, we analyzed a data set of more than 15,000 Google Shopping conversions across the German, UK and US markets covering several international retailers from the fashion, sports, outdoor and luxury sectors. We looked at search queries, clicked product ads and products purchased. Surprisingly, the vast proportion of consumers don’t buy the products they search for (and click on). Analysis of the data found that only 34 percent of products purchased via Google Shopping match the product ad that was clicked on. We could also see that 30 percent of users bought a product by the same designer, but from a different product category, and 36 percent of users bought a product from a completely different designer. What does this mean for advertisers? Understanding the link between what was clicked and what was bought becomes very important. This way, advertisers will be able to raise bids on the ads that actually lead to sales of the products they want to push. (You can read more about this topic here.) Product pricing is key to success in Google Shopping One element I spoke about that got people talking was what impact price changes have on Google Shopping performance. We used our client data to investigate this — it included 700 products with over 100,000 impressions. All products saw a price increase by 43 percent, on average. The effect on traffic was dramatic — while bids stayed the same, impressions went down by 70 percent. If we wanted to maintain the same traffic volume, we would need to raise bids drastically. It’s clear that Google is penalizing increases in selling price, and so we have found that product pricing is key to success in Google Shopping. The chart below shows the average data across all of the products analyzed (up to 2,000 products per price segment, based on >5 million impressions). Our research also found that products that are cheaper than the market average tend to generate the lion’s share of traffic in any given product feed. The chart below shows that the impressions and clicks generated by the “cheap products” were far higher than those generated by the expensive products. We might expect cheaper products to generate a higher click-through rate, explaining a higher traffic share, but the difference in impressions is clear proof that the Google Shopping algorithm favors products with lower prices and therefore serves those product ads for a higher number of relevant searches. Many marketers believe that Google Shopping is a great way to cover the long tail of all products. But further analysis of our data highlighted the importance of key products, with only 10 percent of all products being responsible for 60 percent of traffic. We found that a small number of products drive the majority of sales. From an even larger analysis (3,900 products and five million impressions), we found that the cheaper products in the sample generated 4.3 million impressions, against only 1.8 million impressions on expensive products. As a result, of course, the number of clicks shows a similar outcome. In addition to this, we found that it was the products that were cheaper in relation to their competitors that were converting significantly better than the expensive ones. Bidding and pricing are a double-edged sword It’s only when you look at both bidding and pricing together that you get the full picture on how to utilize Google Shopping to your advantage, as they both work by a very similar mechanism: High bids will generate many impressions, but they decrease your ROI through higher CPOs. Low prices will generate many impressions, but they decrease your ROI through lower margins. Bidding may be the key element of Google Shopping, but ultimately, pricing is the dominating influencer. Google will not even allow you to participate if they think your prices aren’t competitive. So for advertisers in this environment, how do you reach your goal, a high ROI and a healthy traffic volume? Two strategies are possible: Have unique, exclusive products without competition, ones that users love. In other words, build a strong brand. Pure resellers will have a hard time competing. Selectively use lower-priced products as entry points to gain traffic, and upsell high-margin products to shoppers on your own website. Advertisers: Use price to your advantage The combination of our learnings on price sensitivity and user behavior opens up some very interesting possibilities and the potential for highly advanced strategies to be implemented within the Google Shopping channel. Here are three key considerations: Price is a key influencing factor which advertisers need to get right in order to succeed. You cannot fix sub-optimal pricing with bidding strategies! Selling everything at a cheaper prices implies a race to the bottom in the long run. However, as we now know that people don’t buy what they click on, smart advertisers will sell only a few select products within a certain range of an assortment at a very low price, using these products as entry points for traffic from Google in order to upsell and cross-sell other higher-margin products. Google Shopping could act as an instrument to test price elasticity in order to better identify the ideal price of products. It has to be proven, however, that price elasticity in Shopping is a good proxy for other channels. By analyzing all the of data available, advertisers will be able to manipulate bids and product prices to generate the maximum value for their business. These findings could even suggest that eventually, bidding and pricing could be merged into one big retail optimization platform, allowing retailers to gain the very best value by optimizing advertising and inventory simultaneously. Take a look at the full presentation below. Advanced Google Shopping By Andreas Reiffen from Search Marketing Expo – SMX Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Andreas Reiffen Andreas Reiffen is an entrepreneur, marketing technologist and thought leader in data-driven advertising. Between 2006 and 2008 Andreas operated as a PPC super affiliate working for Zappos and other retailers. In 2008 he founded crealytics, the Berlin-based provider of camato, the leading Google Shopping Tool to automate PLA campaigns and improve performance. Several of the largest international Ecommerce retailers are using camato to manage Google Shopping in more than 100 markets across the globe, generating over $3B in revenues per year. camato has been shortlisted for numerous awards in 2016 including European Performance Marketing and Drum Search. Related Articles Can you manage your inventory with Google Shopping? Shopping campaigns: Play like every day is a holiday Google Shopping ads so hot right now: the meteoric rise of PLAs Get Your Priorities Straight: Structuring Google Shopping Campaigns Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AdWords: Product Listing AdsGoogle: Google ShoppingPaid Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: Shopping Search Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 7 Major Mistakes That Will Derail Your CMS Project 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success What’s Inside the Always-On Brain 10 Ways You Can Use Reviews to Make Your Job Easier See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Aug 8 2016, 6:39 pm ET 'Clock Boy' Ahmed Mohamed Sues Texas City for Accusing Him of Making Bomb by Jon Schuppe Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed 'Clock Boy': 'I Lost My Home...I Lost My Security' 0:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/740337219638" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The young tinkerer from Texas who was arrested last year for bringing a homemade alarm clock to school — and was later invited to the White House and Google's world headquarters — has filed a federal lawsuit against his former hometown, accusing it of violating his civil rights as part of a wider pattern of discrimination against African-American students. Ahmed Mohamed, the 14-year-old son of a Sudanese immigrant who has since moved his family to Qatar, claims in the lawsuit that he was the victim of biased treatment since his arrival in Irving, Texas, as a Muslim third grader, including being singled out for discipline. But he kept trying to impress his teachers in the Dallas suburb as a way "to make connections and gain acceptance," according to the lawsuit. That is why, last September, at the start of his freshman year at MacArthur High School, he spent a weekend piecing together the clock, using spare electronics parts left over from his father's failed cell phone business, according to the lawsuit. He showed it to a teacher, who took it and contacted school officials, who in turn called police. Under questioning without his parents, he told them he had made an alarm clock. But he was accused of making a fake bomb, and taken into custody. Charges weren't filed, but he was suspended for three days for violating the student code of conduct. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed How 14-Year-Old Ahmed Got Arrested After Bringing a Clock to School 0:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/526597699516" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The case made national news, and prompted the U.S. Justice Department to open an investigation. President Obama, on Twitter, invited Ahmed to the White House and asked him to bring the clock. And he attended a science and technology competition hosted by Google, where he met the company's co-founder, Sergey Brin. Ahmed's family then moved to Qatar, citing better education opportunities for him, and threats of violence in Irving. Ahmed now has nearly 100,000 Twitter followers — and a profile that refers inquiring journalists to a publicist. On Monday, in a news conference during a family visit to Texas, Ahmed downplayed his flash of fame, comparing it to the loss of his home and sense of security. "I really love the States. It's my home. But I couldn't stay," Ahmed told reporters. "I get death threats. It's a really sad reality of it." Ahmed Mohamed, the 14-year-old who was arrested at MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas for allegedly bringing a hoax bomb to school, speaks during an interview with the Associated Press, Monday, Oct. 19, 2015, in Washington. Andrew Harnik / AP In Qatar, without his makeshift laboratory, Ahmed said his opportunities to build things have diminished. He hopes one day to study physics and electrical engineering. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of Ahmed and his father, Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed, and names as defendants the Irving Independent School District, MacArthur principal Daniel Cummings and the city of Irving. It claims they violated his constitutional protections against illegal arrest and unequal treatment, and discriminated against him in violation of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Last year, the family sent the district and the city a letter threatening to sue for $15 million. But that was done by a lawyer who no longer represents them. The lawsuit doesn't mention any dollar amount, and the family's new lawyer, Susan Hutchison, said that should be up to a jury. U.S. President Barack Obama (2nd R) talks with 14-year-old Ahmed Mohamed (C) during the second Astronomy Night on the South Lawn of the White House October 19, 2015 in Washington, DC. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images The Irving school district said it would not respond to the lawsuit until its lawyers could review it. The district "continues to deny violating the student's rights and will respond to claims in accordance with court rules," the statement said. The city of Irving said in a statement that it had not yet been served with the lawsuit but was "prepared to vigorously defend itself and the justifiable actions it took in this matter. The legal process will allow all facts to be revealed, and the city welcomes that opportunity." Ahmed closed his morning news conference with a message for kids and adults who find themselves under arrest. "If you did nothing wrong, you have the right to remain silent. They might not tell that to you, but just know that." Jon Schuppe Twitter Facebook Google Plus Email Topics U.S. news First Published Aug 8 2016, 1:38 pm ET Next Story Is Your Kid's School Bus Driver Running Red Lights? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsThe Finalists For The Crunchies Have Been Announced Check Them Out Cloud AWS drops its storage prices and launches new cold storage retrieval options IBM expands its UK presence with 4 new data centers Google acquires Qwiklabs to teach developers cloud skills Browse more... Google UK to put up £1BN for full fiber broadband and 5G, £400M extra for VC Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live Browse more... enterprise software Classy raises $30 million to help nonprofits raise donations, make a greater impact What Salesforce’s acquisition of Quip means for enterprise software startups Zenoti raises $15 million for spa bookings Browse more... cloud IBM expands its UK presence with 4 new data centers Google acquires Qwiklabs to teach developers cloud skills Alibaba gives its fast-growing cloud computing business another global push Browse more... Google buys Orbitera, a platform for cloud marketplaces, for $100M+ Posted Aug 8, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story Let’s rock and roll in Columbus on Wednesday Google today announced another acquisition that will help the company improve how it competes against Amazon’s AWS, Salesforce and Microsoft in the area of enterprise services, and specifically selling enterprise services in the cloud: it has acquired Orbitera, a startup that developed a platform for buying and selling cloud-based software. Terms of the deal have not been disclosed but our sources close to the deal tell us it’s just north of $100 million. This is an acquisition of talent, technology, and existing business. The CEO Marcin Kurc (tellingly) is an alum of AWS. And Google notes that some 60,000 enterprise stacks have already been launched on Orbitera. These include the likes of Adobe, Oracle and Metalogix, who all resell cloud services from third-party vendors as part of their larger enterprise businesses. “This acquisition will not only improve support of software vendors on Google Cloud Platform but also provides customers with more choice and flexibility in today’s multi-cloud world,” Google said in a statement provided to TechCrunch. Kurc notes in his announcement that Google will keep everything running as is, “at this time.” The startup says its focus is on providing four (end-to-end) aspects of building cloud marketplaces: Packaging and Provisioning, Billing and Cost Optimization, Marketplace and Catalogs, Trials and Lead Management. It looks like Google will continue to operate that business on behalf of existing users, and maybe to help out its own marketplace for cloud services on its own cloud platform. “Looking to the future, we’re committed to maintaining Orbitera’s neutrality as a platform supporting multi-cloud commerce. We look forward to helping the modern enterprise thrive in a multi-cloud world,” writes Nan Boden, head of global technology partners at Google. As Google has grown well beyond its earliest roots as a search company, its reached an interesting relationship with companies that are at turns friends and rivals to its own business interests. Buying a platform company that works with so many of these in the area of cloud services is an interesting development for Google, and one that it’s keen to try to tread carefully in making. In this case, Google is trying to reassure customers that even as it sells a platform to sell products, it recognises that the ultimate repository of those products might not be Google itself. (Whether or not that is the case longer term is another question — in other areas like ads, Google has walked an impartial line and then changed course — but for now there is a viable enough business for Google in remaining a neutral party.) “We recognize that both enterprise customers and ISVs want to be able to use more than one cloud provider and have a way to conduct product trials and proofs of concept before building a full production deployment, all using their trusted SIs (System Integrators), resellers and normal sales cycles,” Boden notes. “Orbitera has built a strong ecosystem of enterprise software vendors delivering software to multiple clouds. This acquisition will not only improve the support of software vendors on Google Cloud Platform, but reinforces Google’s support for the multi-cloud world. We’re providing customers with more choice and flexibility when it comes to running their cloud environment.” Orbitera was co-founded by Firas Bushnaq and Brian Singer, who came up with the idea for the company to fix some of the “transactional and operational challenges associated with selling software” that they encountered while founding and working at previous tech companies. Based out of West Hollywood, CA, Orbitera had raised some $2 million in funding from angels like Hiten Shah and Arjun Sethi, Double M Partners and Resolute.vc. Featured Image: Omelchenko/Shutterstock 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Orbitera, Inc. Founded 2011 Overview Orbitera is a Cloud Commerce company that simplifies and automates the buying and selling of products in the cloud. We enable the operations and processes that software and service providers rely on to sell, distribute, and deliver their solutions. Orbitera also enables enterprise customers to buy, use, and manage these solutions. Our Platform offers packaging and provisioning for your enterprise … Location West Hollywood, CA Categories E-Commerce, SaaS, Cloud Computing, Analytics, Software Founders Brian Singer Website http://www.orbitera.com Full profile for Orbitera, Inc. Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla and SolarCity-powered Island | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes enterprise software cloud Google Cloud Popular Posts Featured Stories The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 2 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 16 hours ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 17 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 17 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From Enterprise Draper Nexus closes $175 million fund, LP’s include Panasonic, Canon and other Japanese tech giants 21 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live 22 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois AWS drops its storage prices and launches new cold storage retrieval options yesterday | Frederic Lardinois IBM expands its UK presence with 4 new data centers yesterday | Frederic Lardinois Comment moderation powered by Up Next Let’s rock and roll in Columbus on Wednesday Posted Aug 8, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings CRM Berater (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) C++ Developer - Qt Product Development (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) Full Stack Engineer at FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) UI Engineering @ FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 16 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Ditto is now in Pokémon GO 16 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live 22 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out yesterday by Sarah Perez The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 2 hours ago by Brian Heater Lovely is finally shipping the Fitbit for sexy times 1 hour ago by John Biggs Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 17 hours ago by Lora Kolodny Albert raises $2.5 million for its finance app that helps you save money 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 17 hours ago by Josh Constine
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google: Unwanted bundled software is way more aggressive than malware Researchers have exposed the questionable practices of the pay-per-install industry behind the lucrative market for unwanted software. By Liam Tung | August 8, 2016 -- 12:02 GMT (05:02 PDT) | Topic: Security Google says ad injectors can impersonate an antivirus alert to scam users into fixing non-existent system issues. Image: Google Google says it issues over 60 million warnings each week to help users avoid installing software that attempts to gain user consent by deception. More security news Catastrophic botnet to smash social media networks in 2017 DoD, HackerOne kick off Hack the Army bug bounty challenge ATM hacks in 'more than a dozen' European countries in 2016: Group IB Windows 10 tip: Keep your Microsoft account secure with 2-factor authentication According to Google, it issues three times as many unwanted software warnings than malware warnings, much of which relates to adware and browser-hijacking software that's been sneakily bundled with legitimate software. Ad affiliate networks know that people rarely read terms and conditions and exploit this failing by burying details about bundled software in the text of their consent form. Consumers may not want the additional software, but their consent allows the affiliate marketer to operate legally. Meanwhile, every new install nets participants up to $1.50, providing plenty of incentive to continue dubious online marketing strategies that at best warp a user's online experience and at worse infect machines with malware. To size up the pay-per-install industry, researchers at Google and the NYU Tandon School of Engineering conducted a year-long study of its multiple players, including the advertisers or software makers that want to buy installs; affiliate networks that connect advertisers with developers of popular apps who are willing to bundle their software for a fee; and website publishers that deliver links to the software bundles. The researchers found the pay-per-install industry has just a few hundred players, but argue its decentralized nature "encourages advertisers to focus solely on monetizing users upon installation and for publishers to maximize conversion, irrespective of the final user experience". "This separation of monetization from distribution allows publishers to focus solely on garnering an audience and driving installs through any means. Consequently, advertisers may have no knowledge of the deceptive techniques that publishers employ to obtain installs, nor what their binary is installed alongside," the paper notes. Over the course of the study, the researchers analysed 446,000 offers related to 843 unique software packages and found that most bundles include ad injectors, browser-setting hijackers, and products that solve bogus problems, otherwise known as scareware. They also found that 59 percent of bundles are flagged by at least one antivirus engine as potentially unwanted, and that some packages are built not to install when the presence of antivirus has been detected. Key security products checked for include ESET, Avast, AVG, McAfee, Avira, and Symantec. However, antivirus also featured in the research as one of the longest-running product categories that use pay-per-install. The main brands employing these methods included AVG Toolbar, LavaSoft ad-aware, Comodo GeekBuddy, and Qihoo 360. Other established users of pay-per-install are software utilities, such as Speechecker, Uniblue, OptimizerPro, and My PC Backup. The researchers also found familiar brands such as Opera, Skype, the Yahoo Toolbar, and AOL Toolbar using pay-per-install. Damon McCoy, an assistant professor of computer science and engineering at NYU Tandon and an author of the study, said the research hopes to draw attention to an industry that covers its deceit with a "thin veil of consent". "We're hoping to expose these business practices so people are less likely to get duped into flooding their computers with programs they never wanted," McCoy said. Read more on this story It's time to ban bloatware, the persistent PC security pest How was this Windows Store app able to download adware to a Windows 10 PC? Google steps up in the war against Android bloatware (TechRepublic) How to remove bloatware (CNET) Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security What's stopping people getting online? A growing fear of hackers Security Twitter tells law enforcement to stop mining tweets for surveillance Security This cheap and nasty ransomware will try to encrypt files across your network and removable drives Security Ransomware abusing encrypted chat app Telegram protocol cracked × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg QuadRooter Android Vulnerability Puts 900 Million Phones At Risk: Run This Scanner Now 8 August 2016, 12:13 pm EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Check Point reported a Stagefright level security liability in Android devices running on Qualcomm chipsets. Fortunately, the security firm also offers solutions to a problem that could be plaguing 900 million mobile devices.  ( Check Point | Google Play ) Advertisement Android smartphone and tablet owners should know that many of their devices are in danger, as a new security vulnerability was detected on devices carrying Qualcomm chipsets. The panic-worthy security issues run under the name of "QuadRooter" and are able to let hackers hijack a user's device. The number of affected gadgets reaches the impressive number of 900 million and counts top shelf products from manufacturers such as Google, HTC and Samsung. From the 900 million devices that are potentially vulnerable to hacking, some are noteworthy flagship phones, such as the HTC One, the BlackBerry Priv, Google's Nexus 5X and 6P, the OnePlus 3 and a few variants of Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge. Security firm Check Point discovered the flaws and notified the chipset manufacturer about the impending danger. The experts' report shows that the vulnerability has to do with the graphics-handling software, alongside the programming that helps various parts of the phone communicate with each other. The cybersecurity issue that was unveiled by Check Point can help hackers infiltrate the phone and take control over its various features. As a reminder, Qualcomm provides 80 percent of the chipsets found in Android and Windows flagship phones. It also ships some components to Apple, which make their way into iPhones, but on a much smaller scale. In the wake of Check Point's report, Qualcomm reportedly patched the vulnerability and submitted the guarded version to phone makers. However, it is unclear how many of the OEMs included Qualcomm's patch in their own updates. Luckily for those who get anxious as soon as they hear about a cyber breach, Check Point devised a free scanner app called QuadRooter Scanner, and you can get it in the Google Play Store. It allows Android device owners to diagnose their devices and download patches to fix the specific issues. The fact that Android is the most used platform by global mobile devices made it the target of several serious cyber threats. In 2015, the Stagefright attack tore through about a billion Android devices worldwide, letting malicious users hijack phones by simply using one text message. To counter such unfortunate and unpleasant experiences, Google promises that the latest Android version will pack significant security and out of the box defenses against ransomware. As after all major cyber security scares, the lessons are commonsensical and simple: keep your operating system up to date, only download stuff from official and trustworthy sources such as the Google Play Store and make sure to never open attachments from dubious sources. TAG Cybersecurity, Android Security, Mobile Security, Android, Qualcomm, Vulnerability © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Stagefright Is The New Android Malware That Messes Up Your Smartphone With Single Text: What You Should Know Only Nexus And Samsung Android Smartphones Are Safe To Use, Security Firm Says Android Security Annual Report Says Google Will Protect You: 6 Billion Apps, 400 Million Devices Scanned Per Day Security Experts Discover Linux Kernel Bug That Gives Attackers Root Level Access To Computers, Android Smartphones From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Close Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google beta testing Google Now cards for Now on Tap By Ida Torres - August 8, 2016 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter When Google first revealed their Now on Tap feature that will be part of their Marshmallow update, people were pretty excited about all the possibilities that it can bring in our mobile interactions. However, the actual reality of it was a bit disappointing. It’s either it got some words or phrases wrong or you would always get the “nothing on tap right now” message, which feels like going to your favorite bar, asking for your favorite bar, and the bartender tells you it’s not on tap. But anyway, Google is trying to figure out how to make it still work for users. Right now, they’re beta testing Google Now cards in the Now on Tap feature. So even if you don’t have any results when you do the Now on Tap motion, at least you’ll still see something, even if it may not be related to the thing you were originally tapping about. At least you did not waste those few seconds pulling up On Tap and you don’t need to swipe left to get to your Google Now cards. This feature is available in the beta channel of the Google app for Android. Just scroll down the screen after you see the sad “nothing on tap right now” message and you’ll see those cards, which more often than not, is either useful or entertaining for you. But if there are On Tap results, you won’t see the cards anymore. We’re not sure how this will translate to the actual app when it becomes an official update. But for now, if you want to see how it works, just get the beta version of the Google app. VIA: Android Police TAGS Android Apps beta Google google now Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,442FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 470,056FollowersFollow 59,653SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Tech Guides About Us Work 08 Aug 2016 How to Make Pixel Paintings with Google Spreadsheets Learn how to create impressive pixel paintings with Google Spreadsheets. You can convert any image into pixel art with little effort. couch mode print story How to Create Art with Microsoft Excel How to Track Google Spreadsheet Views with Google Analytics How to Insert Images in your Google Spreadsheet Cells How to Make Org Charts with Google Sheets How to Make YouTube Playlists with a Google Spreadsheet You may have been using Google Spreadsheets for budgeting and project management but did you know that the same sheets application can also help you create impressive pixel paintings in minutes? The Google blog recently published a story of two illustrators who created a bright and beautiful wall mural using Google Spreadsheets. Marina and Mallory connected on Google Hangouts to plan and sketch out ideas, and creatively “hack” Sheets in order to make art: resizing cells into thousands of pixel-like squares, merging cells to create color blocks, creating vibrant color gradients with conditional formatting and cell values, and other cool things we had no idea you could do with Sheets. The idea is simple. Each cell in the spreadsheet corresponds to a pixel in the painting. You compute the color of the pixel and make it the background color of the corresponding cell. Now resize the spreadsheet cells in small perfect squares and your spreadsheet will look exactly like the original artwork. How to Paint with Google Spreadsheets If you would like to create your own spreadsheet art but don’t have the time to carefully paint every cell manually, here’s a simple workaround for you. You can take any photograph, vector art, or any other image and use a Google Script to convert that bitmap image into spreadsheet art. Watch the video tutorial  or open this Google Sheet for sample artwork. Create Pixel Art with Google Sheets It takes few easy steps to make pixel art with Google Sheets. You can use any free image but make sure they are 300 pixels or less for optimal performance. Open the Google Spreadsheet template and copy it to your own Google Drive. Go to the Spreadsheet Art menu, choose the Image Upload option and select the picture that you’ve downloaded in the previous step. The sheet will now parse every single pixel of your image and write the corresponding hex color codes in the spreadsheets cells. Select the “Apply Colors” option and the Google Script will set the background color of every spreadsheet cell equal to the cell value. The cells in the spreadsheet are rectangles whereas pixels are perfect squares. Select step 3 to resize every cell in the spreadsheet as a square. And that’s it. Your spreadsheet art is now ready. The end result may appear slightly pixelated (video) because we have used a small image as the source template but impressive nonetheless. You can download the Google Sheet as a PDF file or save it in Microsoft Excel format. Pixel Paintings made with Google Spreadsheets – Link Tweet Comments are closed but if you want to respond, please send me an email or tweet. Amit Agarwal is a web geek and founder of Digital Inspiration, a popular tech & how-to website since 2004. He loves building web apps and has also written for the Wall Street Journal & Lifehacker. Sign-up for the email newsletter for your daily dose of tech tips & tutorials. Email: amit@labnol.org ← go back   print Tech Projects RSS Search A search engine for discovering RSS feeds. Dictation Speech recognition software for your browser. Secure Passwords The only password manager you’ll ever need. AdSense Sandbox Preview Google Ads for any website. Podgallery Download Podcast shows to Dropbox or Google Drive Home — How-to Guides — Google Docs — How to Make Pixel Paintings with Google Spreadsheets RSSTwitterFacebookYouTube Contact FAQ Testimonials Setup © 2004-2016 Digital Inspiration. The content is copyrighted to Amit Agarwal and may not be reproduced on other websites. ↑ Back to top
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google just bought a startup for over $100 million to catch up with Microsoft in the cloud wars Matt Weinberger Aug. 8, 2016, 12:32 PM 14,409 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google cloud boss Diane GreeneGoogle Google just announced the acquisition of Orbitera, a startup that helps other startups sell their software to businesses, almost like an app store for the enterprise.  TechCrunch's Ingrid Lunden places the value of the deal at "just north of $100 million." Now, Orbitera will join Google Cloud Platform, the search advertising giant's cloud computing platform, where businesses can rent access to fundamentally unlimited computing power.  It's a big move for Google as it tries to overtake Microsoft's Azure for the #2 spot in the ongoing war for cloud computing supremacy. Amazon Web Services remains #1 with a bullet, but Google sees a shrinking gap.  Adding the Orbitera tech to the platform will make it easier for Google's cloud customers to buy and install databases, security software, networking tools, and other products that developers need to make their apps hum along smoothly. Just like the app store on your phone, the idea is to make this software easy to buy and painless to get running.  This move comes just weeks after Microsoft launched AppSource, a similar kind of as-you-go store for IT services and software, tying into its Microsoft Office 365 and Microsoft Azure cloud platforms. It takes advantage of Microsoft's existing relationships with business software developers to similar ends. The model kills two birds with one stone, for both Google and Microsoft: It attracts developers to their platform, since it simplifies the process of identifying their customers, while also making it easier for those customers to find that software. For Google, which has been redoubling its enterprise cloud efforts under new boss Diane Greene, it's a big step forward. Intriguingly, though, Google says that Orbitera will not only remain operational, it's going to stay platform-neutral, meaning that you'll still be able to use it to buy and sell software on Google's cloud, and Microsoft's, and Amazon's, and whoever else.  "This acquisition will not only improve the support of software vendors on Google Cloud Platform, but reinforces Google’s support for the multi-cloud world," Google writes in the official blog entry. It's an implicit recognition on Google's part that lots of customers aren't only using Google Cloud Platform — they're deploying some apps on Amazon Web Services, some on Microsoft Azure, and some in their own data centers. Google doesn't want to own the whole world, just grow its customer base where and however it can. Orbitera had raised $2 million in seed funding as of June, 2015. Financial terms of the acquisition were not disclosed. SEE ALSO: This former Amazon manager is behind the breakout IPO of 2016 — and he says Amazon made it all possible NOW WATCH: This country doesn’t have Google Street View, so they created Google Sheep View Loading video... More: Google Google Cloud Platform Microsoft Microsoft Azure facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google just bought a startup for over $100 million to catch up with Microsoft in the cloud wars Google just bought a startup for over $100 million to catch up with Microsoft in the cloud wars Google just announced the acquisition of... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Google Photos has fun with ad for storage solution 10 best sandbox games for Android → Google adds Explore Interests to Now with six categories to get updates on Aug 8 Posted by ishubhamsingh Google Now continues to get better and better (hands up if you’re looking forward to Google Assistant) so it’s only natural yet more features and improvements are being added for the predictive search facilities. A tipster has sent us four screenshots showing ‘Explore Interests,’ which appears to be a new way to add things you’re interested in for Google to track and update you on. Left: the initial Explore Interests card. Right: the different categories available. Read More Google adds Explore Interests to Now with six categories to get updates on was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2aGzJGp via Blogger http://ift.tt/2beygmk Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on August 8, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Google Photos has fun with ad for storage solution 10 best sandbox games for Android → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (880) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (188) IFTTT (195) TalkAndroid (759) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,197) Android Authority (3,271) Games (3,657) Phones (3,657) apps (3,658) tablets (3,660) android (9,654) Recent Posts Snapdragon 835 tipped for the Galaxy S8, but what about Exynos? November 23, 2016 Android 7.1 gets a second developer preview build for Nexus devices November 23, 2016 OnePlus gear now available to purchase in India November 23, 2016 Google phasing out ‘Google Cast’ name for connected TVs, speakers November 23, 2016 Google phasing out ‘Google Cast’ name for connected TVs, speakers November 23, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 75,185 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's Progressive Web Apps are blurring the lines between apps and the mobile web BI Intelligence Aug. 8, 2016, 1:00 PM 2,032 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also Here's why 5G is poised to take off Android users aren't switching to Apple's iPhone 7 App users are quick to uninstall This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. The line between a mobile app and the mobile web is becoming increasingly blurred. And Progressive Web Apps (PWA), the latest open-source initiative from Google, is at the forefront of this development. PWA can essentially be seen as a hybrid of regular web pages and the mobile app, allowing for mobile app-like experiences for the web.  PWA is Google's latest attempt to incentivize mobile users to spend more time on the mobile web. Although mobile web searches on Google have surpassed desktop, users are spending an increasing amount of time in mobile apps, over the mobile web — on average, 90% of monthly usage is in an app. This time is undercutting Google's potential revenue through ad views. Furthermore, apps such as Facebook and Snapchat are quickly adding features aimed at turning their apps into platforms.  For businesses, the continuing devolution of a clear line between mobile apps and the web may be beneficial. That’s because despite the increasing amount of time consumers spend on their mobile devices, users are still reticent to download brands’ apps, according to a survey by UPS (see chart). Furthermore, over half of consumers in the US don't know if their favorite fashion retailer has a mobile app, notes a report from Market Force. Giving consumers an app experience on the web may help marry apps' higher conversion rates with the convenience of the mobile web. Brands must also employ effective mobile marketing strategies in order to get users to make purchases through their mobile devices. Jessica Smith, a research analyst at BI Intelligence, has compiled a detailed report on mobile marketing that takes a close look at the different tactics being used today, spanning legacy mobile technologies like SMS to emerging capabilities like beacon-aided location-based marketing. The report also identifies some of the most useful mobile marketing technologies that mobile marketers are putting to good use as parts of larger strategies. Here are some key takeaways from the report: As consumers spend more time on their mobile devices, marketing campaigns are following suit. Mobile ad spend continues to lag mobile time spent, providing an opportunity for creative marketers. Marketers should leverage different mobile tactics depending on the size and demographics of the audience they want to reach and the type of message they want to send. With all tactics, marketers need to respect the personal nature of the mobile device and pay attention to the potential for communication overload. Mobile messaging — particularly SMS and email — has the broadest reach and highest adoption among mobile users. Messaging apps, relative newcomers but gaining fast in popularity, offer more innovative and engaging outreach options. Emerging technology, such as dynamic creative optimization, is breathing new life into mobile browser-based ad campaigns, but marketers should keep an eye on consumer adoption of mobile ad blockers. In-app advertising can generate high engagement rates, especially with video. Location-based apps and beacons offer additional data that can enhance targeting capabilities. In full, the report: Identifies the major mobile technologies being used to reach consumers. Sizes up the potential reach and potential of each of these mobile technologies. Presents an example of a company or brand that has successfully leveraged that mobile technology to reach consumers. Assesses the efficacy of each approach. Examines the potential pitfalls and other shortcomings of each mobile technology. To get your copy of this invaluable guide to the world of mobile marketing, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of how mobile marketing is rapidly evolving. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Mobile Apps and Platforms facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's Progressive Web Apps are blurring the lines between apps and the mobile web Google's Progressive Web Apps are blurring the lines between apps and the mobile web This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Software/Gallery/Rumor MobileSoftware Nexus Marlin/Sailfish animated home button explained with a GIF By Jacob Kleinman | August 8, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google is expected to launch two new Nexus smartphones, codenamed Marlin and Sailfish, this fall. The firm may also add exclusive software to the devices on top of Android Nougat, and now we’re getting a look at one of those features up close. Android Police got its hands on a GIF showing the new animated home button in action. The short clip shows how a long press of the onscreen button initiates a playful animation with four colorful dots. It’s very similar to the animation we saw earlier this year when the company introduced its new Google Assistant service, suggesting the upgraded button and the new AI software are closely linked. The report notes that in its current form the animation simply launches Google Now on Tap, which is automatically activated in Android Marshmallow with a long press. However, once Android Nougat arrives, the same action may tap into Google Assistant for various features and shortcuts. The option might make it easy to set an alarm or find a nearby restaurant with some help from the upcoming AI assistant, for example. It’s still unclear if the new Nexus home button will be available on older models like last year’s Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X. Android Police also notes that the feature could be tweaked or even scrapped entirely before the Marlin and Sailfish arrive, but after seeing the animated home button in action, we really hope it gets an official launch. Source Android Police Topics #Google #Android #Android Nougat #Google #HTC Marlin #HTC Sailfish #Nexus Launcher Jacob Kleinman Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Mittwoch, 23.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global Virtual Reality (VR) Strategic Business Report 2015-2020 - Age of Digital Immersion: The Foundation for the Growing Business Interest in Virtual Reality - Research and Markets 08.08.2016 | 18:11 (28 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Global Virtual Reality (VR) Strategic Business Report 2015-2020 - Age of Digital Immersion: The Foundation for the Growing Business Interest in Virtual Reality - Research and Markets DUBLIN, August 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Virtual Reality (VR) - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Virtual Reality (VR) in US$ Thousand. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2020. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 125 companies including many key and niche players such as Avegant Corp. (US) Barco N.V (Belgium) CyberGlove Systems LLC (US) DeepStream VR (US) EON Reality Inc. (US) Google Inc. (US) Kopin Corporation, Inc. (US) Leap Motion, Inc. (US) Oculus VR, LLC (US) Qualcomm, Inc. (US) Rockwell Collins (US) Samsung Electronics (South Korea) Sensics, Inc. (US) Sixense Entertainment, Inc. (US) Sony Corporation (Japan) Total Immersion (France) Virtalis Limited (UK) VirtaMed AG (Switzerland) Vuzix Corporation (US) WorldViz (US) Key Topics Covered: 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Age of Digital Immersion: The Foundation for the Growing Business Interest in Virtual Reality The First Wave of VR Unleashes the Power of VR as a Training, Simulation & Gaming Tool The Second Wave of VR Will Unleash VR as a Communication System/Interface The VR Market Ripe for Picking From a Fictional Concept to a Multi-Billion Dollar Opportunity Tracing the Evolutionary Path of Virtual Reality Market Research Work on VR Concepts Traces Back to 1950s 1980s & the 90s Early Commercialization Efforts Into the 21st Century Product Developments for Achieving Commercial Viability Development of Prototype Oculus Rift HMD in 2012 A Major Breakthrough in VR More Device Prototypes Come Up in 2014 Companies Keep Up the Tempo with New Product Developments in 2015 Samsung Gear VR Makes Commercial Entry The First Modern Day Commercial VR Device in the Market With Many Big Ticket Releases Planned, 2016 to be a Watershed' Year for Commercial VR Products Investments Scenario: Venture Capitalists Get Ready to Surf the Giant VR Wave Facebook's Acquisition of Oculus in 2014 Brings Flood of Corporate & Venture Capital Investments into the VR Industry Key Statistical Findings Highlighting Investment Scenario in VR & AR Market Crowdfunding A Key Private Funding Source Dissecting the Patent & IP Landscape in the Virtual Reality Market Participants across the Value Chain Bet Big on Virtual Reality Market VR Value Chain Participants at a Glance: Evolution of Target Markets Virtual Reality Solutions Evolution of Target Markets Over the Years Market Outlook 2. NOTEWORTHY TRENDS & GROWTH DRIVERS Mobile Device Based VR Experience to Drive Initial VR Adoption Wave in Consumer Market Growing Smartphone Sales Key Growth Driver PC & Console Based VR Experience to Drive Massive Revenue Inflow in Medium to Long Term HMDs to Be Lucrative Device Market for VR Will Google Cardboard Project Dent Opportunities for VR HMDs? HMDs for Entertainment & Gaming Applications to be Hot Selling Products Evolution of App Ecosystem Must for Growth in VR Market Application Stores The Disruptive Force that can Drive Rapid Proliferation of VR Independent Developers Take the Plunge while Major Studios Wait to Follow Best Apps for Google Cardboard Best Apps for Gear VR Consumer Segment Dominates VR Market Entertainment Applications Key Revenue Contributor for VR VR Gaming Market Laden with Tremendous Potential for Revenue Generation Non-Consumer Commercial Applications to Add New Revenue Opportunities for VR in Coming Years Aerospace & Defense Sector Another Key End-Use Area in Focus for VR VR in Healthcare An Emerging Market with Massive Opportunity for Growth Healthcare End-Use Applications of VR in a Snapshot Why does the Healthcare Sector Need VR Technology? Growth Drivers in a Nutshell Fully Immersive VR Experience to Drive More Opportunities for VR Solutions Reduction in Cost of Device Key Crucible for Success Open Source Platforms Look to Benefit from the Market Developed Markets Lead from the Front while Developing Markets to Drive Future Growth Issues & Challenges Yet to be Resolved Technology Issues A Major Concern Low Resolution of HMDs Performance Issues from Display Latency of VR Devices Massive Size of HMDs Non-Compatibility with Other Devices Need for Systems with High End Configuration & its Cost Implications Maintaining Consistent Video Quality A Major Technology Challenge Data Storage A Critical But Often Ignored VR Function Despite Emergence of New Relatively Inexpensive Model Cost Continues to Remain a Major Issue Lack of Awareness & Penetration in Addressable Markets 3. PRODUCT OVERVIEW Virtual Reality Introduction Types of Virtual Reality Fully Immersive Non-Immersive Collaborative Web-Based Virtual Reality Solutions Head-Mounted Display (HMD) Immersive Rooms Sensory Gloves Wands Applications of virtual reality Games and Entertainment Medicine Industrial Design and Architecture Education Scientific Visualization 4. PRODUCT LAUNCHES Kopin Introduces Vista VR Series of Micro Displays for VR Market Applications Sony and Oculus Set to Introduce VR Device Platforms Oculus Rolls Out Commercial Variant of Oculus Rift VR Headset Device Platform Tommy Hilfiger Unveils VR Headsets for Customers Hulu Set to Introduce Virtual Reality App Samsung Set to Introduce Gear VR in the Consumer Market Sony Set for 2016 Launch of VR Headsets in Consumer Market DIRECTV Introduces Big Knockout Boxing (BKB) VR App Nokia Introduces Innovative Spherical VR Capable Camera for Creating 3D Movies HTC Introduces Re Vive VR Headset HomeLane Introduces Kaleido VR Device CamSoda Introduces Interactive VR Platform Microsoft Introduces HoloLens Device Platform Jaunt Inaugurates Own Movie Studio Marriot Rolls Out Pilot VR Experience Program OnePlus Unveils Light VR Headset Cirque du Soleil Launches Virtual Reality Experience of the Show Kurios IC Real Tech Launches IC720 360x360 Video Camera with All Round Vision Capabilities zSpace Unveils VR Experience for Personal Computer Platform Lexus Offers Customers With VR App to Experience Some of the Fastest Cars Worldwide Samsung Introduces Gear VR Device Platform Steam Unveils Beta User Interface Customized to Support VR Devices Atlantic Productions Inaugurates Alchemy VR Entertainment Studio EON Reality Inc Unveils EON Experience Portal Carl Zeiss Forays into VR Headset Market with VR One Platform DIRTT Unveils Oculus Rift Based ICE® VR Experience Oculus Unveils Oculus Rift Concept 5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY GoPro Agrees to Buy Spherical Media and Virtual Reality Company Kolor Sony Successfully Concludes SoftKinetic Acquisition Apple Closes Acquisition of Metaio Apple Acquires Faceshift Facebook Acquires Surreal Vision LearnBrite Buys Out Cerritos Microsoft Successfully Closes Havok Acquisition HTC Buys Stake in WEVR Virtual Reality Platform Blippar Successfully Closes Acquisition of Binocular Nokia to Foray into Virtual Reality Market Jaunt Partners with 3Mersiv for its Jaunt Studios Venture Next Galaxy Corp. Enters into Partnership with VR HealthNet Microsoft Enters into Partnership with Oculus to Market Xbox One Controller bundled with Oculus Rift Platform Samsung and Marvel Partner to Create Avenger Themed VR-Experience for Galaxy S6 Phone Devices Google Partners with GoPro to Make VR videos Available on Youtube GroupM Partners with Happy Finish to Develop Immersive Virtual Reality Based Creative Solutions Razer Rolls Out Upgraded OSVR Platform Featuring Full HD OLED Display The Virtual Reality Company (VRC) Partners with Ion Virtual Technology Corporation (IonVR) Maximum Games Partners with Untold Games for Development of Loading Human' Virtual Reality Based Action/Adventure Game Facebook Successfully Acquires Oculus Google Ventures Acquires Stake in VR Technology Startup Jaunt Oculus and Unity Technologies to Further Deepen Strategic Ties CSM Brazil in Partnership with EON Reality to Introduce Interactive Virtual Reality Soccer Game Fleetway Inc Inks Partnership Agreement with Virtalis 6. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS 7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE Total Companies Profiled: 125 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries 128) The United States (73) Canada (6) Japan (3) Europe (33) France (6) Germany (4) The United Kingdom (3) Spain (1) Rest of Europe (19) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (11) Latin America (1) Middle East (1) For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/chzb8l/virtual_reality Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Google Photos Ad Seems Aimed at 16GB iPhone Users GO The new ad promotes a feature for freeing up space Aug 8, 2016 15:36 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Google has introduced a new ad for its Free Up Space feature incorporated in Google Photos, a tool that was released last year. Although the new feature is available to iOS and Android users, the Mountain View-based giant seems to target only iPhone users with its ad. The Free Up Space feature was released last year, and it allows users to automatically delete all of the images that were previously backed up in the service. This way, users can keep their phones clean and save a lot of time and storage so that they don't have to deal with the annoying “Storage Full” notification when they wish to snap a picture or record a video. The ad shows multiple situations in which people wish to take pictures and are confronted with the “Storage Full” message. While it only takes a few seconds to delete some images from storage, a full memory becomes really annoying when users are trying to capture unique moments that they can't recreate. Google Photos offers unlimited storage for photos up to 16MP Google's feature was released last year, but the company felt the need to promote it through a video as not many people appear to know about it. The feature can be triggered automatically or manually, and deleted pictures can be accessed in the cloud, provided that users have an Internet connection. In addition, the video displays the “Storage Full” message in a format that's common to iPhones. This might mean that Google is targeting Apple's customers in an attempt to compete against its iCloud service, which only gives out 5GB of storage. By comparison, Google Photos provides its users with unlimited storage for photos up to 16MP plus 1080p video. That's quite the offering, considering that storage seems to be one of the main concerns for any smartphone user. Just recently, Google Photos for Android was updated with improved album sorting, and the iOS received Burst Photo support. Play Video #Google#Google Photos#Free Up Space#Android#iOS subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Photos for Android Gets Updated with Improved Album Sorting Google Updates Arts and Culture App on Android and iOS Google Photos for iOS Gets Updated with Improved Burst Photo Support Google Keyboard v5.1 with Custom Themes Is Rolling Out iPhone 8 to Feature Traditional Wireless Charging like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Lenovo Builds a New Microsoft Surface Clone and It Looks Fabulous Anonymous Hackers Want McAfee to Be Trump’s Security Adviser, Call for March Hackers Could Infect Headphones to Spy on You HTC Desire 650 Announced, a Low Mid-End Smartphone for the Masses Glossy Black Galaxy S7 edge Leaks in Live Pictures Download Windows 10 64-bit Drivers for Acer’s Aspire TC-710 Desktop Model Intel Rolls Out Several New BIOS Versions for Its NUC Kits and Compute Sticks    Google Photos logo New Android APKs VivaVideo APK: Updated November 23rd, 14:19 GMT PowerDirector APK: Updated November 23rd, 14:08 GMT WeVideo APK: Updated November 23rd, 14:04 GMT Amazon Rapids APK: Updated November 23rd, 14:02 GMT ActionDirector APK: Updated November 23rd, 13:58 GMT DataEye APK: Updated November 23rd, 13:46 GMT JOOX APK: Updated November 23rd, 13:46 GMT Reader comments New Phone Battery Promises to Charge in Seconds, Lasts for More Than a Week more on: smartphone battery i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
Switch to Mobile site Conferences Lifestyle Food Health DIY & Home Work & Life Love & Sex Family Fashion & Beauty Blogging & Social Media NaBloPoMo BlogHer University News & Entertainment Entertainment Politics Race Feminism Promotions Search Enter Your Keywords: Log In / Join Home Blogging & Social Media These 5 SEO Best Practices Will Be Hot In 2016 These 5 SEO Best Practices Will Be Hot In 2016 By Janet Michael on October 22, 2015 The Internet is today the major marketing channel for brands, and keeping up with the most up to date SEO best practices is very important to maintaining your marketing edge. This is because unlike conventional marketing, SEO helps you drive only targeted traffic which is likely to convert. If you want to stay relevant and profitable in the digital landscape, you need to master SEO. According to a recent report from Searchmetrics, Google is now better able to reward high-quality web content that is relevant to a search query, and less dependent on traditional signals, such as keywords. Here are some SEO best practices I believe will be huge for the rest of 2015, and in 2016. 1. Content will remain king I think this might never change – and neither should it. Google now increasingly rewards quality content. There is less focus on keyword saturation and more focus on whether or not the content is really relevant to the search query. So you need to continuously create top-notch content that uses proper, relevant queries that your ideal audience uses in search engines. Aim to create definitive guides that users will always find valuable and interesting. Good is not enough. Go for awesome content – the type you always feel compelled to read, share, comment on and link to when it appears on other sites. 2. Social signals will carry more weight There has been a lot of predictions for quite some time now that Google considers social signals in its ranking of content – although Google says this is not the case. With Google’s increased emphasis on user experience, I’m predicting that social signals – which is a good way to measure how many people consider the shared content valuable – will carry some more weight as a ranking factor in 2016. 3. Mobile-friendliness will be a must In January 2015, mobile searches overtook desktop searches in volume. With the recent Mobilegeddon, the mobile user experience is currently an essential factor in Google's algorithm. Google now ranks mobile-friendly sites higher in mobile searches, and even shows whether a site is mobile friendly or not in the search snippet. Websites that aren’t optimized for mobile users have already reported a decline in organic traffic. But how do you know if your site is mobile responsive? Google has provided an easy tool to check that. If your site fails the test, you could possibly be losing as much as 30% of your search traffic. Do you really want that? I bet you don’t. So go optimize your site for mobile searchers. 4. Brand signals will be rewarded more Going forward, I’m betting that creating brand signals will continue to get rewarded by Google. Google knows that most webmasters who try to game its algorithm are not credible brands. They’re owners of thin affiliate websites or other type of sites out to make money without creating much value for its users. These are the ones Google penalizes. So it will become increasingly important for webmasters who want to rank high to create signals that tell Google they’re a real brand: they have active social media channels, most of their links created with brand anchor texts, users searching for their brand name on Google, etc. 5. Multimedia content will grow popular To stay relevant in the game of SEO, you’ll need to produce top quality, original content incorporating visual media like graphics, videos and presentations. Users appear to be favoring visual content these days, especially in the B2C landscape and there are indications it will only increase. With its emphasis on user experience, Google will likely rank those multimedia content even higher going forward. Already, Google is experimenting with video ads in its search results. In 2016, a handful of disruptive technologies – think of Periscope and Snapchat – will surface and push this trend even further, creating big wins in terms of reach, engagement and conversion for brands who create multimedia content. SEO is a constantly changing landscape. Those who grow with it stay relevant and those who sleep on their success soon go obsolete. If you want to maintain your marketing edge, you need to stay on top of the game. You need to monitor the trends and fine-tune your marketing plan accordingly. Recent Posts by Janet Michael Recent Posts 5 Sure-Fire Tips to Double Your Workout Effectiveness 3 Reasons You Should Buy Your Own Home Follow BlogHer Sign Up for Our Newsletters V Email address: * BlogHer Daily Newsletter Most Popular I made a choice. Years later it makes me laugh and cry. Home Remedies for Plantar Fasciitis Bloggers Report Legal Trouble for Using Photos They Bought Online No Mess Rice Recipes We asked our bloggers to craft some recipes from the different Success® Rice flavors and tell us about it. Check out their ideas and you could win a $100 Visa gift card!  Read more Promotions and Prizes Guilt Free Meals Lean Pockets have no artificial flavors, a good source of protein &  have 100% real cheese. Read our bloggers posts where they will tell you their guilt free experiences with Lean Pockets. Plus get a chance to win $100! Read more Promotions and Prizes About Us Advertise Careers Contact Us Team FAQ Community Guidelines Best Reviews Publish with us Follow Us on Social © 2006-2016 BlogHer Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Use All Rights Reserved by BlogHer © Copyright 2016 Menu Log In / Join Conferences Lifestyle Blogging & Social Media News & Entertainment Promotions SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS About Us Advertise Careers Contact Us Team FAQ Community Guidelines
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsThe Finalists For The Crunchies Have Been Announced Check Them Out Cloud AWS drops its storage prices and launches new cold storage retrieval options IBM expands its UK presence with 4 new data centers Google acquires Qwiklabs to teach developers cloud skills Browse more... Google UK to put up £1BN for full fiber broadband and 5G, £400M extra for VC Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live Browse more... enterprise software Classy raises $30 million to help nonprofits raise donations, make a greater impact What Salesforce’s acquisition of Quip means for enterprise software startups Zenoti raises $15 million for spa bookings Browse more... cloud IBM expands its UK presence with 4 new data centers Google acquires Qwiklabs to teach developers cloud skills Alibaba gives its fast-growing cloud computing business another global push Browse more... Google buys Orbitera, a platform for cloud marketplaces, for $100M+ Posted Aug 8, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story Let’s rock and roll in Columbus on Wednesday Google today announced another acquisition that will help the company improve how it competes against Amazon’s AWS, Salesforce and Microsoft in the area of enterprise services, and specifically selling enterprise services in the cloud: it has acquired Orbitera, a startup that developed a platform for buying and selling cloud-based software. Terms of the deal have not been disclosed but our sources close to the deal tell us it’s just north of $100 million. This is an acquisition of talent, technology, and existing business. The CEO Marcin Kurc (tellingly) is an alum of AWS. And Google notes that some 60,000 enterprise stacks have already been launched on Orbitera. These include the likes of Adobe, Oracle and Metalogix, who all resell cloud services from third-party vendors as part of their larger enterprise businesses. “This acquisition will not only improve support of software vendors on Google Cloud Platform but also provides customers with more choice and flexibility in today’s multi-cloud world,” Google said in a statement provided to TechCrunch. Kurc notes in his announcement that Google will keep everything running as is, “at this time.” The startup says its focus is on providing four (end-to-end) aspects of building cloud marketplaces: Packaging and Provisioning, Billing and Cost Optimization, Marketplace and Catalogs, Trials and Lead Management. It looks like Google will continue to operate that business on behalf of existing users, and maybe to help out its own marketplace for cloud services on its own cloud platform. “Looking to the future, we’re committed to maintaining Orbitera’s neutrality as a platform supporting multi-cloud commerce. We look forward to helping the modern enterprise thrive in a multi-cloud world,” writes Nan Boden, head of global technology partners at Google. As Google has grown well beyond its earliest roots as a search company, its reached an interesting relationship with companies that are at turns friends and rivals to its own business interests. Buying a platform company that works with so many of these in the area of cloud services is an interesting development for Google, and one that it’s keen to try to tread carefully in making. In this case, Google is trying to reassure customers that even as it sells a platform to sell products, it recognises that the ultimate repository of those products might not be Google itself. (Whether or not that is the case longer term is another question — in other areas like ads, Google has walked an impartial line and then changed course — but for now there is a viable enough business for Google in remaining a neutral party.) “We recognize that both enterprise customers and ISVs want to be able to use more than one cloud provider and have a way to conduct product trials and proofs of concept before building a full production deployment, all using their trusted SIs (System Integrators), resellers and normal sales cycles,” Boden notes. “Orbitera has built a strong ecosystem of enterprise software vendors delivering software to multiple clouds. This acquisition will not only improve the support of software vendors on Google Cloud Platform, but reinforces Google’s support for the multi-cloud world. We’re providing customers with more choice and flexibility when it comes to running their cloud environment.” Orbitera was co-founded by Firas Bushnaq and Brian Singer, who came up with the idea for the company to fix some of the “transactional and operational challenges associated with selling software” that they encountered while founding and working at previous tech companies. Based out of West Hollywood, CA, Orbitera had raised some $2 million in funding from angels like Hiten Shah and Arjun Sethi, Double M Partners and Resolute.vc. Featured Image: Omelchenko/Shutterstock 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Orbitera, Inc. Founded 2011 Overview Orbitera is a Cloud Commerce company that simplifies and automates the buying and selling of products in the cloud. We enable the operations and processes that software and service providers rely on to sell, distribute, and deliver their solutions. Orbitera also enables enterprise customers to buy, use, and manage these solutions. Our Platform offers packaging and provisioning for your enterprise … Location West Hollywood, CA Categories E-Commerce, SaaS, Cloud Computing, Analytics, Software Founders Brian Singer Website http://www.orbitera.com Full profile for Orbitera, Inc. Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla and SolarCity-powered Island | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes enterprise software cloud Google Cloud Popular Posts Featured Stories The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 2 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 16 hours ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 17 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 17 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From Enterprise Draper Nexus closes $175 million fund, LP’s include Panasonic, Canon and other Japanese tech giants 21 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live 22 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois AWS drops its storage prices and launches new cold storage retrieval options yesterday | Frederic Lardinois IBM expands its UK presence with 4 new data centers yesterday | Frederic Lardinois Comment moderation powered by Up Next Let’s rock and roll in Columbus on Wednesday Posted Aug 8, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings CRM Berater (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) C++ Developer - Qt Product Development (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) Full Stack Engineer at FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) UI Engineering @ FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 16 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Ditto is now in Pokémon GO 16 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live 22 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out yesterday by Sarah Perez The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 2 hours ago by Brian Heater Lovely is finally shipping the Fitbit for sexy times 1 hour ago by John Biggs Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 17 hours ago by Lora Kolodny Albert raises $2.5 million for its finance app that helps you save money 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 17 hours ago by Josh Constine
null
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ The Gmail issue on Windows 10 Mobile has been fixed By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Aug 8, 2016 with 13 comments A few weeks ago, Windows 10 Mobile users began reporting that they were unable to add a Gmail account to the Mail and Calendar apps. When users attempt to add the account, they would get an error message that states that the browser is not supported. According to a thread in the Gmail Help Forum, the issue has been fixed. William Denniss of Google stated the following: Sorry for this problem everyone, this was not intentional and has now been fixed. If you are still having trouble adding your Google account, please let me know. Some users have called out conspiracy theories, blaming either Microsoft or Google for purposefully blocking Gmail accounts. Clearly, with today's fix, there is no foul play involved. It also wouldn't make much sense for Microsoft to begin blocking Google accounts on its mobile platform, no matter how well Microsoft accounts sync on Android. After all, on Windows phones, adding an account doesn't just sync your email and calendar; it syncs your contacts too. Breaking this feature would provide a much poorer experience. However, this isn't the first time that Google has broken support for its account access from Windows phones. Back in 2013, Microsoft had to switch to CalDAV and CardDAV to support Google accounts in Windows Phone 8 GDR2, and if you didn't have the update yet, your account sync broke. In fact, you still can't hook up a Google account to a Windows Phone 7 device. Source: Gmail Help Forum via The Inquirer Tags Microsoft Windows 10 mobile Mail Mail and calendar Outlook mail Gmail Google Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Grab the "Decision Making For Dummies" eBook valued at $17.99 - for free Next Story MacBook Pro's could arrive with Touch ID embedded into power button Community Activity Refresh Microsoft confirms that 1Password extension will soon come to Edge in Front Page News Toddler saves dad's life by force-feeding him yogurt in Real World News Study: students can't distinguish between real news and an advertisement in Front Page News UK will censor online porn that depicts 'non-conventional' sex acts in Front Page News Apple may have ceased development of networking products, shifts resources to other areas in Front Page News Outlook, display all flag to-do of multiple mailboxes in Software Discussion & Support Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge shows up in Glossy Black finish in new leak in Front Page News Microsoft brings its Solitaire Collection to iOS and Android in Front Page News Related Stories Instagram adds live video in Stories, coming to Windows 10 soon Nov 21, 2016 7 Days: A week of Dell's x86 Windows phone, the Xbox One Holiday Update, and Spectacles Nov 13, 2016 Gmail on iOS updated for first time in 4 years; Google Calendar gets new "views" Nov 8, 2016 7 Days: A week of Windows phones, Microsoft teamwork, and virtual delights Nov 5, 2016 deals Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $1.00 100% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off FRESHeBUDS Pro Magnetic Bluetooth Earbuds $119.95 $29.95 75% off Show Comments 13 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first Sort by newest first Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Opinions Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership MarketingProfs Enterprise Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A Does Your Page Load Time Affect Search Results? What You Need to Know—and Do! by Barry Feldman  |   August 8, 2016  |  2,120 views Tweet Kindle Email Top Maybe? A little? Probably? "We do say we have a small factor in there for pages that are really slow to load where we take that into account. But I don't know how much it's still a problem in ranking," according to Google's John Mueller. I'm not saying Google's crooked, but if you're going to ask a question about how search works, you can bet your last dollar you're not going to get a straight answer. Perhaps we'll get further, faster, by going to search research experts, such as Searchmetrics. Its most recent ranking factors report found that, on average... The 10 highest-ranking desktop pages load in 1.16 seconds The top 30 highest-ranking desktop pages load in 1.20 seconds Top-ranking mobile pages load in 1.17 seconds Search metrics concluded that pages with higher ranking have quicker loading times. Of course, the search authorities at Moz also published information on the topic (contributed by Zoompf). That data goes back a few years, but it concluded that in a literal sense page load time is not a factor, but "time to first byte" (TTFB) is (i.e., the time it takes your browser to receive the first byte of a response from a Web server). "Of all the data we captured, the TTFB metric had the strongest correlation effect, implying a high likelihood of some level of influence on search ranking." Said Billy Hoffman of Zoompf. Hoffman concluded the backend performance of a website does directly impact search engine ranking. He says website owners should explore ways to improve their TTFB. What's this backend stuff he's referring to? It includes the Web servers, their network connections, the use of content delivery networks (CDNs), and the back-end application and database servers. Want to peek at your backend? I thought you might. You can run a free test at WebpageTest.org, which is what I did for my site: Two effing Fs? Ouch. If your results resemble mine, you have speed issues to contend with. The Website Speed Test at Pingdom gives you a good broad view of your site's speed and allows you drill down in every which way to identify slow-loading culprits. Orbit Media earned a B, a decent overall grade, with that speed test. PageSpeed Insights from Google Developers grades you separately for mobile and desktop. I visit TheOatmeal.com from time to time for a good laugh. Unfortunately for the Oatmeal, Google's test found its mobile performance to be a bit of a joke: Slow loaders are bound to slow conversions and sales Let's put search aside for just a second. When your site's a slug, visitors say vámonos. Fewer visitors, fewer leads. Fewer leads, fewer sales. And though I'm trying to focus on the user experience at the moment, another SEO-ism comes to mind... Losing website traffic is indeed detrimental to your rankings. Those and many more sobering stats are presented in "How Site Speed Affects Your Business," an infographic by WP Engine. As one would expect, page load issues are poison in the world of publishing, too. The IT department at Financial Times (FT.com) published its internal study of "session depth," making the point that as load time increases, readers' page-per-session consumption declines. The Engine Room's post from FT.com claims, "The data suggests, both in terms of user experience and financial impact, that there are clear and highly valued benefits in making the site even faster." I believe I've made my point. All things told, slow-loading websites threaten the health of whatever type of online beast you're trying to feed. Now get the lead out You can accelerate your site's performance in various ways. The speed tests I mentioned will deliver many practical suggestions to get you started. A viable approach that will have a noticeable impact on site speed is to secure the services of a content delivery network (CDN). Techies have written that using a CDN is like "putting your site on virtual steroids." What's a CDN? I found a succinct definition of CDN at WPMU Dev: A CDN is a network of servers, usually located at various sites around the world, which cache the static content of a site, such as image, CSS and JavaScript files. The CDN provider copies your site's static content to its servers, so when someone lands on your site, the static content is delivered from the server closest to them. A post by at WMPU Dev featured the most recent list of top CDNs I could find and included recognized industry leaders such as Incapsula, MaxCDN, and CDNetworks. The Incapsula website explains that CDN uses content and networking optimization techniques to minimize page rendering time and improve user experience with the following: File minification Automated compression Session reuse TCP connection pre-pooling That's a heap of tech talk that translates into "your content is delivered blazingly fast." Here are seven more ways to spin the speedometers clockwise Yes, a recurring theme in the research I did regarding accelerating page load time was to go with the services of a CDN. But I found more suggestions, which I'm going to try to "de-tech" for you here: Upgrade your hosting plan. The small price you pay for low-cost website hosting plans may cost you dearly in site performance. If a speed test reveals you have loading issues, look into upgrading from a shared hosting service to a dedicated hosting service. Reduce the size of your site's files. Simplify. Try to do without JavaScript, Ajax, and other flashy (and fluffy) code. Resize images. It's best to resize images before uploading them to the server. WordPress has a built-in tool to resize images for you, but you can use just about any image manipulation software, including online-based free ones. Also compress images. You can reduce the file size of your images with GZIP compression. Eliminate 301 redirects. A 301 redirect tells search engines and visitors that a page has moved to a new location. They're helpful for reducing 404 errors, but harmful for load time. Limit your plugins. Third-party plugins plug up the pipes into your site. Ironically, the Plugin Performance Profiler plugin is your tool for accessing your site's plugin performance and making smart choices. Use external hosts. Move large files—images, audio, video—off of your servers and onto external hosting platforms. Think fast Every one-second delay in page load decreases customer satisfaction by 16%, pageviews by 11%, and conversion rates by 7%, according to Aberdeen Group. Clearly, having a fast-loading website contributes both to better results via search and to a better user experience. And it need not be difficult or expensive to speed up your site. Accelerate your page load time with a CDN, and—with the help of a developer—put the advice I've given you here to work. Fast. Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Barry Feldman is the author of SEO Simplified for Short Attention Spans. Barry operates Feldman Creative and provides content marketing consulting, copywriting, and creative direction services. He contributes to top marketing sites and was named one of 25 Social Media Marketing Experts You Need to Know by LinkedIn. To get a piece of his mind, visit his blog, The Point. Twitter: @FeldmanCreative LinkedIn: Barry Feldman Tweet E-Commerce, Mobile Marketing, Search Engines, SEO, Web Analytics, Website Design, Websites You may also like Five Mistakes You Can't Afford to Make in Your Refer-a-Friend ... Why Consumers Abandon E-Commerce Shopping Carts How Consumers Use Amazon: Device, Search, and Purchase Trends Tips for Onsite Content Optimization With a Human Touch How to Manage Your Google Search Console Like a Pro Four SEO Tips to Apply to Your E-Commerce Website Today The Ultimate Homepage Planning Checklist [Infographic] Small but Mighty Marketing Tools Your Team Can Use Today E-Commerce 2Q16 Benchmarks by Device Type Eight Ways You're Killing Your E-Commerce Sales What Brands With Growing Websites Do Differently Don't Be Cheap With Your Landing Pages: Three Contrarian Ways to ... The 20 Best Digital Gift Card Programs How Online Forms Can Anchor Your Business [Infographic] What Marketers Can Learn From the 50 Fastest-Growing B2B ... JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating Not rated yet. Add a Comment Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles Eight Missed Opportunities in Your B2B Content by Dan Stelter Buyer Personas: How Much Detail Is Too Much? by Marcus Schaller Four Steps to Increasing Customer Retention and Loyalty With ... by Chris Teso What Makes Employees Happy at Work? [Infographic] by Ayaz Nanji Five Small Business Marketing and Retention Trends and ideas for ... by Jenny Beightol See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? Marketing ROI: How to Get Actionable Insights From Google Analytics 11/23/2016 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI Facebook Automated: Collect and Deliver Relevant Information With ... 11/23/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media Is It OK to Use a Smartphone at the Holiday Table? 11/23/2016 at 9:00 AM Mobile How to Thank These Five Important Types of Customers During the ... 11/22/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Relationships How Retailers Can Improve E-Commerce Conversions During the Holiday ... 11/22/2016 at 10:00 AM Web Sites Three Website Myths That Get in the Way of Great User Experiences 11/22/2016 at 10:00 AM Web Sites Holiday Shopping Season 2016: Spend Forecast and Gift Trends 11/22/2016 at 9:00 AM Customer Behavior How to Use the Six ABM Processes to Align Sales and Marketing and ... 11/21/2016 at 10:00 AM Sales Why SEO and PPC Are More Effective Together 11/21/2016 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing How Consumers Want to Receive Retail Brand Communications 11/21/2016 at 9:00 AM Customer Behavior How to Reap the Benefits of Your Holiday Marketing All Year Long ... 11/19/2016 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Four Steps to Increasing Customer Retention and Loyalty With Social ... 11/18/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Relationships Why Experiential Retail Is Just What You Need This Holiday Season 11/18/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Behavior #SocialSkim: LinkedIn Launches Audience Insights, Facebook Builds ... 11/18/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media What Makes Employees Happy at Work? [Infographic] 11/18/2016 at 9:00 AM General Management Online Marketers Need to Embrace Personalization: Here's Why and How 11/17/2016 at 10:00 AM Content Five Mistakes You Can't Afford to Make in Your Refer-a-Friend Program 11/17/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Relationships What Marketers Need to Know About Millennials and Print 11/17/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Behavior Why Consumers Abandon E-Commerce Shopping Carts 11/17/2016 at 9:00 AM Customer Behavior Brand Engagement for B2B: Avenue CEO Bob Domenz on Marketing Smarts ... 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Brand Management Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Videos Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Know-How Exchange Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2016 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Google Founders’ Fortunes Hit New High on Alphabet Surge: Chart Devon Pendleton @DevPend More stories by Devon Pendleton August 8, 2016 — 10:10 AM EDT The combined net worth of Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin has reached $80.9 billion, boosted by Google parent Alphabet Inc.’s diversifying revenue streams. That’s a $43 billion gain since April 2012, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Brin and Page are just two of the technology billionaires whose wealth has been growing: the fortunes of Paul Allen, Eric Schmidt and Mark Zuckerberg also hit record highs on Friday. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Tesla Shock Means Global Gasoline Demand Has All But Peaked Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Play Doodle Fruit Games: How to find and play Google's amazingly addictive fruit Olympics Chris Hall8 August 2016Apps Google Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is going big on the Olympics. Not only is its coverage of the Olympic Games Rio 2016 hugely comprehensive and easy to navigate through Google Search, it's also running its own competition: welcome to the Doodle Fruit Games. This fruit fun is easy to miss, so here's a complete guide to how you can get involved in the 2016 Doodle Fruit Games. What are the 2016 Doodle Fruit Games? Google likes to play. There have been a wide selection of browser games from the company in the past, but with the Doodle Fruit Games, Google is using its Google app on Android and iOS to bring some fun directly to your smartphone. Timed to sit alongside the Rio 2016 Games, the Doodle Fruit Games provide an addictive distraction on your phone, letting you get some sports action with a range of fruit. google Graphically simple, there are a range of cartoon-styled games to play, each letting you compete in an event with a different fruit. There's a brief fruity fact for each too. How do I get Doodle Fruit Games? This part is simple. The Doodle Fruit Games live within the Google app. This is the app that provides a deep link into Google from your phone, powering search, offering voice searching and feeding the information to Google Now. For Android users, you almost certainly have it on your phone, accessed directly through the app itself, via the Google search bar on your home page or through Google Now. If you don't have the app, click here to download from Google Play. For iPhone users you'll need to install the Google app from the App Store. This is well worth doing, not just to play these crazy games, but because it opens up a wide range of Google services on your phone. If you don't have the app, click here to download from the Apple App Store. It's also worth noting that you don't need to be online to play: the Games are part of the app, so you can play wherever you want, with or without a connection. Google How do I find Doodle Fruit Games? The Fruit Games might not be immediately obvious, as you have to tap on the Google Doodle to get to them. The Google Doodle is the changing graphic that Google places above the search box on its home page, and something you'll find when you click through on the Google app too. This Google Doodle changes regularly, but at the time of writing, it shows a lemon, ready for the lemon swimming game. If you're on Android, you might find yourself just looking on the G Google logo in Google Now – tap on that G to enter the search page proper, and you'll see the Doodle to tap to start playing. It's worth noting that this only works on mobile devices: if you click on the Google Doodle on your PC's browser, you'll be taken through to Google's actual coverage of the Rio 2016 Games. What Doodle Fruit Games are there? At the time of writing, there are seven different games: coconut BMX, apple water polo, blueberry golf, lemon swimming, grape hurdles (riding a spider, natch), pineapple tennis, strawberry running. The controls for each game is different, but basically involves tap, swipe or tilt to get through the course, aiming to survive the longest or score the most points. Give it a go, they are quick and easy to play, a great distraction now you're bored with Pokemon Go. Sections Gadgets Google Apps Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Netflix 4K now available in Windows 10 but you probably can't get it One day sale: We’re dropping the price even lower on 1 TB of lifetime data storage... Streamza Torrenting adds a layer of security to your downloads (31 per cent... Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Netflix 4K now available in Windows 10 but you probably can't get it One day sale: We’re dropping the price even lower on 1 TB of lifetime data storage with Zoolz Complete Cloud Storage (99 per cent off) Streamza Torrenting adds a layer of security to your downloads (31 per cent off) Instagram begins rolling out Live video Google Play Newsstand is the latest Google app to get a makeover How to watch Amazon Video on your Android phone or tablet Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Accelerate your YouTube channel’s growth with TubeBuddy (93 per cent off) Get the low-down on game development’s hottest tools with the Pay What You Want: 2017 Master Game Development Bundle Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? Amazing Black Friday deal: Grab an Amazon Fire tablet for just £30, Fire TV Stick just £25 Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Which iPhone is best for you? iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, iPhone 6S Plus or iPhone 7 Plus? Samsung KS8000 SUHD TV review: Hitting the 4K HDR sweet spot Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Best smartphones 2016: The best phones available to buy today What is Freeview Play, when is it coming to my TV and how can I get it? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go TechNow Games Tech Movies HOT TOPICS: Grace scandal Trump presidency 8th Amendment Home»Tech Now»Tech Never run out of phone storage with handy Google Photos feature Monday, August 08, 2016 It's easy to get snap happy with a smartphone. It's always on you and as camera quality has improved these little units have become viable photography options for anyone and everyone. The only real issue is that as mobile cameras get better the photos themselves also get bigger, meaning it can really eat into your storage space. Running out of room on your internal memory or an SD card can be a real pain, so thankfully Google Photos has a solution. This handy free app lets you backup your photos as you go, and it also has a relatively new feature called 'Free Up Space' Because life shouldn’t stop when your phone storage does. #PhotosForLifehttps://t.co/yl3wz3EGnU — Google Photos (@googlephotos) August 6, 2016 Now this particular feature has been around for a few months now but Google seems to have just started shouting about it. As well they should because it really does a great job of combing through your photos and getting rid of those that are doubled up. A word of warning though- if you're using Google Photos' unlimited photo storage option which doesn't eat into your Google Drive allowance then the images are being backed up at a relatively low resolution of around 4 megapixels. That's a perfectly decent size for sharing around the web and to other social networks, it's even ok for some limited editing and cropping, but it's still quite small and significantly smaller than the original file which could cause problems if you're planning on printing out these photos at a later date. The other option lets you store photos at their full resolution but there are potential problems there too as it will quickly eat up your Google Drive storage which provides just 15 gigs for free. After that you'll have to stump up a monthly fee for more space from Google, which could be a significant cost. Just be aware of how these services work and make sure to back up your most precious photos separately for fear of having lower quality copies in later years. Powered by ClickOnline.com READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Gorgeous new OK Go video took 5 seconds to film! Glossy black Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge leaks Breaking Stories Taoiseach pulls Guerin report which forced the resignation of former justice minister Alan Shatter Jury hoping to hear from first witness in Sean Fitzpatrick trial next week - two months after trial began Lifestyle & Other Stories lets you star in your own style Rillington Place star Nico Mirallegro is just trying to learn every day More From The Irish Examiner Buy framed pages & newspaper books: Visit Shop Photo Sales: View Gallery ePaper: Find out more Irish Examiner Digital Archive: View every printed page from the Irish Examiner from 1841 Lotto Results Saturday, November 19, 2016 2 13 19 26 29 46 40 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner    
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Yelp, TripAdvisor Not Happy With Google’s New Critics’ Review Search Results Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Yelp, TripAdvisor Not Happy With Google’s New Critics’ Review Search Results Image courtesy of Great Beyond August 8, 2016 11:08 am EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler where are the results yelp tripadvisor search results favoritism google zagat reviews critic reviews TripAdvisor and Yelp, two of the biggest names in crowdsourced reviews, say that Google is using its position as the dominant online search engine to push Google-backed reviews ahead of links to review sites. Recode reports that this accusation comes in response to a recently launched Google search feature that highlights critics’ reviews of restaurants. As a results, say execs for TripAdvisor and Yelp, links to review sites are being de-prioritized. Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman Tweeted a photo of the new search results that appear to show Yelp reviews on the third page of a mobile search. “Google monopolist not satisfied with above the fold they’ve now claimed ‘page 2,’” he posted. Google monopolist not satisfied with above the fold they've now claimed "page 2" cc @kaufer #byeorganic pic.twitter.com/qGXmt2Z5K5 — Jeremy Stoppelman (@jeremys) August 5, 2016 The screenshot shows a mobile search result for French restaurant, Gary Danko, in San Francisco. The first page of results shows the restaurant’s listing, contact information, Google review rating, and website. The second page, where other web results were once featured, is now dedicated to critic reviews, including those from Zagat, which is owned by Google. The third page now features the restaurant’s website, Yelp reviews, and other results. Stoppelman isn’t the only one to notice the change, TripAdvisor CEO Stephen Kaufer Tweeted his displeasure over the weekend, as well. If Google would just let users search the web instead of foisting their content upon us… https://t.co/RuoaFLh3I0 — stephen kaufer (@kaufer) August 5, 2016 Recode notes that both TripAdvisor and Yelp have been complainants in the European Union’s case against Google for anticompetitive practices, including claims that the search giant intentionally promotes its own products over others. Google, which has denied accusations in the past, declined to provide comment to Recode on the CEOs’ claims. Google keeps finding new and creative ways to piss off Yelp and TripAdvisor [Recode] August 8, 2016 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler where are the results yelp tripadvisor search results favoritism google zagat reviews critic reviews Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Another Home Services Connection Google Adds Paid Home Service Provider Suggestions To Search Results For “Clogged Toilet,” “Plumber” in the stars No, Yelp’s Star Ratings Don’t Make It Liable For Bad Reviews the more you know Yelp Adds Hospital Wait Times, Nursing Home Fine Info To Reviews facebook for everything Facebook Taking On Yelp, Angie’s List To Provide Users With Highly-Rated Professional Services Uncovering The Past FTC Report Alleges Google Used Anti-Competitive Practices Prior To 2013 Previous Hulu Kills Off Free Streaming Service, Goes Subscription Only Next Here Are Some Of The Rumors Going Around About The Next Apple Gadgets Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Here Are Some Of The Rumors Going Around About The Next Apple Gadgets Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Featured Story: How to Root Android: Our Always-Updated Rooting Guide for Any Phone or Tablet Android Gadget Hacks: Unchaining Android to enable tomorrow's features today — WonderHowTo How To: Get the Chrome Experience on Android Without Google Tracking You Dallas Thomas 3 months ago Get the Chrome Experience on Android Without Google Tracking You If you're tired of Google tracking you, but love how Chrome works, CyanogenMod has you covered. Their browser is called Gello, which is based off Chromium, Chrome's open-source counterpart. It's basically a souped-up version of Chrome—without all of the intrusive Google stuff. So if you're uncomfortable with Google displaying personalized ads based on your browsing history, or using your location to bring the "Physical Web" to your phone, you won't have to worry about any of that with Gello. Sure, this means you won't get bookmark and history sync if you're deep into Google's ecosystem, but for everyone else, the extra privacy and the added features it brings make Gello an instant contender for best Android browser. Don't Miss: Add a Dancing Music Visualizer to Your Nav Bar Requirements Android 6.0 or higher, but 5.1.1 and higher should work, too "Unknown sources" enabled Step 1: Install Gello To get this one going, the first thing you'll need to do is download the Gello installer file. Once you've done that, simply tap the "Download complete" notification, then press "Install" when prompted. Download Cyanogen's Gello browser (.apk) Note: Future builds of Gello can be downloaded here. Step 2: Configure Your New Browser Once you've got the app installed, there are a few options that you should definitely check out. So tap the three-dot menu button at the top of the screen, then head to "Settings." From here, make sure to tap the "Edge navigation" entry, then select "Navigate across history" to get one of the app's best features. In addition to that, you can enable immersive mode to get more screen real estate, and you can have the title bar match the website's color on compatible sites. To take the privacy angle a step further, you can enable the "LookLock" setting, which prevents other apps from reading content that Gello displays. Then perhaps the most interesting option here is the "Night mode" switch. With this one enabled, Gello will invert the colors on websites, which makes night time browsing a lot easier on the eyes. If you want to remove Google altogether from this browser, you can change the homepage to whatever you like, and change your search engine to either Baidu, Yahoo, Bing, or DuckDuckGo. Step 3: Browse the Web in Style With everything set up now, you're ready to try out your new browser. It's just as snappy as Chrome, due to the shared code base. But if you swipe in from the left edge of your screen, you'll go back one page, and you can do the same from the left edge to go forward. Add that to the innovative Night mode, and Gello is already a very powerful and unique browser, even in its first release. Ultimately, without Google's meddling, Gello has almost all of the benefits of Chrome, with none of the privacy concerns. Don't Miss: How to Completely Banish Google from Your Android Experience Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube Follow Apple Hacks on Facebook and Twitter Follow Android Hacks on Facebook and Twitter Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+ Cover photo and screenshots by Dallas Thomas/Gadget Hacks Related How To: Add Chrome Custom Tabs to Every App on Android How To: Get Instant Answers Right from Chrome's Search Bar News: What Google's Upcoming Andromeda OS Means for Android & Chromebooks How To: This Snapdragon-Optimized Chrome Is Faster Than the Official Build & Adds Gesture Support How To: Apps & Extensions You Should Be Using Right Now in Chrome News: The 16 Best Google Android Apps You Didn't Know About How To: Turn Your Favorite Websites into Home Screen Shortcuts on Android How To: Back Up Your Android Apps (& Their Data) Without Root How To: Block Ads in Android Web Browsers (No Root Needed) News: Everything You Need to Know About Android “L”—KitKat's Upcoming Successor Gadget Hacks' Wish List: Features We Want in Android N How To: Finally... A Standalone Google Play Music Client for Windows! How To: Open Links Directly into Chrome's Incognito Mode on Android Chrome Quick Tip: Turn “New Tab” Pages into Google Earth Eye Candy How To: Convert Your Favorite Android Apps into Chrome Apps How To: Operate Google Chrome without changing your PC How To: Speed Test Your Chromecast or Android TV How To: Send ADB Commands to Android Straight from Google Chrome Rumor Roundup: Andromeda, Pixel & More Coming at Google's Oct. 4 Announcement How To: Translate Any Text into Emoji Using Google Chrome How To: 6 Useful Android Gestures You Might Not Know About Already News: Add your Facebook stream to Google+ How To: Search for Google+ Posts & Profiles with Google How To: The Official Google+ Insider's Guide Index How To: Prevent Social Networks from Tracking Your Internet Activities Google+ Pro Tips Round Up: Week 8 News: Fix Your Google+ Frustrations with 18 More Chrome Extensions News: Google+ Pro Tips Weekly Round Up: Resources for Newbies News: Google Chrome Web Store Gets New Look News: 10 Chrome Extensions to Jumpstart Your Google+ Wishlist News: 13 Firefox Add-Ons to Enhance Your Google+ Experience News: 22 Google Chrome Extensions to Make Google+ Even Better News: Google Chrome Potato Gun High Speed Video How To: Chrome Shares Your Activity with Google - Here's How to Use Comodo Dragon to Block It News: Google Chrome "FastBall" game How To: Search for Google+ Profiles and Posts Using Chrome's Search Engine Settings How To: Use Google's New Privacy Tools to Stop Them from Tracking You News: Google+ Pro Tips Weekly Round Up: Getting Information on Google How To: Deal with Waiting for a Google+ Feature News: Google+ Rolls Out Pages for Businesses & Brands Be the First to Comment Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest How To: Get the Chrome Experience on Android Without Google Tracking You How To: Get Paranoid Android's Halo & Pie Controls with One Simple Mod How To: Use Your Fingerprint Scanner to Do Almost Anything with Tasker News: You Can Now Turn Pixel's 'App Shortcuts' into Their Own Home Screen Icons How To: Set Your Android's Volume Level to Change on a Schedule How To: Test for Adups' Spyware on Your Phone—& Disable It News: RCS Is Finally Here... If You Have the Right App, Phone & Carrier News: These Android Phones Could Be Affected by Adups' Chinese Spyware How To: 12 Free Android Games That Work Without an Internet Connection News: OnePlus 3T Isn't Much of an Upgrade, but It's Still a Solid Phone How To: Get the Pixel's Navigation Buttons & Google Assistant Animation on Your Nexus PSA: If You're Having Auto-Focus Issues on Your Pixel, It's Probably Your Case's Fault How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: Google Now Is Banned in Several Countries—Here's How to Enable It How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat How To: Make Your Pixel's Screen Up to 20% Brighter News: Quick Charge 4.0 Is Coming Even as Google Warns OEMs Against It How To: Use Facebook's New Snapchat Clone 'Flash' on Any Android Phone User Testimonials: Why People Are Switching from iPhone to Pixel How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus All Features How To: Get the Chrome Experience on Android Without Google Tracking You How To: Get Paranoid Android's Halo & Pie Controls with One Simple Mod How To: Test for Adups' Spyware on Your Phone—& Disable It How To: Get the Pixel's Navigation Buttons & Google Assistant Animation on Your Nexus How To: Use Your Fingerprint Scanner to Do Almost Anything with Tasker News: These Android Phones Could Be Affected by Adups' Chinese Spyware How To: Galaxy S5 Battery Dies Too Fast? Here's Why & How to Fix It How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen How To: Tell if Your Android Has Been Hacked (& What You Can Do About It) How To: Set Your Android's Volume Level to Change on a Schedule How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Get the Pixel's Amazing New 'Live Earth' Wallpapers on Your Android Device How To: See Passwords for Wi-Fi Networks You've Connected Your Android Device To How To: Get Spotify Premium Features on Android Without Paying a Dime How To: Return Your HTC One to 100% Stock (Unroot & Update) Exclusive: Dual-Boot iOS 8 on Your Android Phone (4.0+) How To: 12 Free Android Games That Work Without an Internet Connection How To: Get iPhone Emojis on Your HTC or Samsung Device (No Root Needed) News: RCS Is Finally Here... If You Have the Right App, Phone & Carrier How To: Turn Your Phone's Flashlight on Instantly with One of These 6 Tricks All Hot Posts © 2016 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Android Gadget Hacks How-Tos Android Basics Games HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO 4G Everything Else News Android Gadget Hacks News Roundups IFA 2014 News Everything Else Forum Android Gadget Hacks Forum Android Gadget Hacks Android Gadget Hacks Home HTC One Samsung Galaxy S5 Nexus Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung GS4 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Gadget Hacks Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Categories Alcohol Arts & Crafts Autos, Motorcycles & Planes Beauty & Style Business & Money Computers & Programming Dance Dating & Relationships Diet & Health Disaster Preparation Education Electronics Family Film & Theater Fine Art Fitness Food Gambling Games Hobbies & Toys Home & Garden Hosting & Entertaining Language Magic & Parlor Tricks Motivation & Self Help Music & Instruments Outdoor Recreation Pets & Animals Pranks & Cons Software Spirituality Sports Travel Video Games Weapons Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Google Glass Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Gadget Hacks HTC One Samsung Galaxy S5 Nexus Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung GS4 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Mac Tips Windows Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured on WonderHowToMusicians Mesmerize Playing Famous Tunes on Glass Bottles
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Recode: Google Is Finding Ways To 'Piss Off' Yelp And TripAdvisor Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 08, 2016 10:50am   Comments Share: Related GOOG Apple Isn't Massively Benefiting From Samsung Note 7 Recall, But Google Pixel Is Dutch Auction Tender Offers Explained Trump's Victory A Mixed Bag For Social Media Stocks (Seeking Alpha) Related TRIP Trivago To IPO: What Can We Learn From TripAdvisor Spinoff? Stocks Hitting 52-Week Lows Post-Election Losers (Seeking Alpha) It isn't exactly a secret that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and its Google unit tweek its search algorithms to push down the listings of other review sites, including Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP) and Tripadvisor Inc (NASDAQ: TRIP). According to a report by Recode, the latest "brouhaha" surrounds a new Google search feature that highlights review of restaurants from sites such as Zagat, which Google conveniently owns. Recode noted that neither Yelp nor Tripadvisor's reviews show up in the first page of a Google search. In certain cases, a review from either of the companies isn't even found in the second page, and mobile users sometimes need to scroll to the third screen to find a Yelp review. Related Link: What Are Google's Founders Doing In Singapore Google is "giving those companies a new reason to believe" that Google is "intentionally" pushing their review sites "way down in search rankings." Both Yelp and Tripadvisor already filed complaints in the European Union's case against the search giant for anti-competitive practices and promoting its own products and review over competing sites. The report's claim appears to even have the support of Yelp's CEO Jeremy Stoppelman, who took to Twitter to voice his frustration. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: Google Google Reviews Google Search Algorithms Jeremy Stoppelman ReCodeMedia General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GOOG + GOOGL) Which FANG Stocks Should You Buy In the Trump Era? Vetr Crowd Thinks AMD Is Running Hot Apple Isn't Massively Benefiting From Samsung Note 7 Recall, But Google Pixel Is Dutch Auction Tender Offers Explained Exclusive: CanPay CEO Presents New Debit Payment Solution For Marijuana Industry RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks FANG Trade And Other Tech Stocks View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on GOOG Trending Recent 1 MDT, ROKA: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 URBN, JACK: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 DRYS, LC: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Targe... 5 AXON, DE: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-... 6 PANW, CUDA: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity F... 7 BABA, SCTY: President-Elect Trump... 1 MSFT, HPE: Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining... 2 URBN: Urban Outfitters Cooks Up A Q3 Miss, Inventory High Going Into Q4 3 GWPH: Concerns Over GW Pharma's Epilepsy Drug-On-Drug Interactio... 4 MGEE, MTW: Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheim... 5 ITG, TFSL: 8 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Friday,... 6 CSCO, HPE: Expect Hewlett Packard Enterprise Sh... 7 P: Pandora Is Still A Show-Me Story View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Top Performing Industries For August 8, 2016 Benzinga's Volume Movers
null
Wednesday November 23, 2016 Analysis Argentina Community Economy World Culture Media Sports English on the Side   Monday, August 8, 2016 Do this for me Google, if you please. By Liliana Palermo For the Herald Saying please and thank you to objects is nothing to be embarrassed about. Don’t laugh at May Ashword and her old-fashioned, formal usage of Google, nor anyone who marries a rock or apologises to a kicked chair. It’s all perfectly rational. My sister wanted to ceremonially bury our clapped-out (1) car in the garden, like a dead pet. When my old bike broke I wept as if I’d lost a boyfriend (I had lost a boyfriend, incidentally – it used to be his bike). When her car has managed to go up a big hill, my friend will tap it on the dashboard and mutter, “Well done, darling.” When we’ve knocked into a chair, who among us hasn’t uttered a quick “sorry!” to its rigid back? So I can relate to May Ashworth, the 86-year-old whose unusually polite Google search has made her a Twitter celebrity. Her request to “Please translate these roman numerals MCMXCVIII thank you,” has now been “liked” more than 40,000 times, after her grandson tweeted a photograph, with the comment “OMG” and some “I’m laughing so much I’m crying” emojis. I may not talk to Google as if it’s deciding whether or not to stamp my passport, but by God I will use please and thank you to automated switchboards. I will kiss an acceptance letter; I will swear (2) at a broken photocopier; I will try to sound endearing (3) as I beg a ringing telephone to please, please be picked up. Of course, this sort of box-whispering (4) has been made all the more complicated by the rise of voice recognition technology. When you actually can shout at your telephone until it gives in and tells you the answer to a pub quiz question, or ask your car how the hell you get home from here, it’s hard not to fall into a pattern of seeing objects as sentient (5) beings and treating our gadgets like personal assistants. That’s not to say they’re always on your side, but they at least appear willing to listen. As children, most of us felt a deep, protective love for an object: a spit-chewed blanket, a toy, a yellow wooden brick, a favourite hat. And many carry that relationship towards objects into adult life. When I interviewed Erika Eiffel, the tower crane operator and former award-winning archer who married the Eiffel Tower, she talked poignantly (6) of the love, empathy and heartache she felt towards girders, joints and steel. She told me how in Japan, the Shinto religion accepted as read that objects have an energy just like people, or animals. She explained how the division between a “them” and an “it” was something we learn, not something we’re born with. She told me how the Berlin Wall had given her strength and mended her broken heart. And I believed her. I wonder what Erika made of Tracey Emin marrying a stone. I understood completely – such security, such stability, familiarity, quiet companionship. Not to mention somewhere to rest your rucksack. It is utterly human, isn’t it, to look at the world around us and ascribe our characteristics to what we find? To believe a rock to be holy, a piece of wood to be healing, a ring lucky or a ladder cruel. Perhaps the difference with Google is that it is actually, at some point far back in its digital veins, people. People who don’t necessarily pay their taxes, sure, but people nonetheless (7). People coded it, people built it, people maintain it. And so we’re right to address it as such. Perhaps if we saw the internet as a collection of people, we’d be less likely to scream abuse. As an entirely animate, sentient and sometimes even cognizant woman, I can be brought to tears (8) just thinking about my grandmother’s paint-peeling garage doors or my grandfather’s old twin hairbrushes. I can feel a swell of love (9) that’s almost blinding when picturing my mother’s cupboard full of Tupperware or lining up my boyfriend’s inhalers on the shelf. You would too. I’m sure of it. As humans, we treat objects like people, precisely because we’re human. And, sometimes, whether we’re translating roman numerals, thanking a well-timed bus or apologizing to a kicked chair, it is our humanity that shines through. Sometimes. Adapted from a story by Nell Frizzell, The Guardian. “clapped out” (1) A very common expression in British English, if a car or a machine is clapped out, it is old or useless from being used too much. The adjective can be used to describe people as being extremely tired or exhausted; worn out. “swear” (2) When you swear, you use offensive or obscene language: Stop swearing in front of the kids. “endearing” (3) If you speak with a tone that is endearing, you inspire affection, you make people like you. She can never speak without blushing, which is always endearing. “box-whispering” (4) When constructing “box-whispering,” the author makes use of a common expression in animal taming. “Animal whispering” refers to the ability to communicate with animals, especially horses, from a less dominant standpoint, generally through (you guessed it) talking close, in a both respectful and friendly way. The term was popularized in 1995 thanks to the novel “The Horse Whisperer”. In the article, the protagonist uses whispering in order to “convince” the phone to be picked up. “sentient” (5) A sentient being has the power of perception by the senses and is responsive to sense impressions, thus people and animals and plants are sentient – but inanimate objects are not. When speaking about an ability that you may possess, it is defined as “being finely sensitive in perception,” as in sentient of the danger posed by the approaching hurricane “poignantly” (6) If a feeling, a comment or a situation is poignant, it affects the emotions deeply. If you speak poignantly of something, it has a strong hold on your feelings and thoughts. Later that evening the words came back to me poignantly / What she said poignantly described what she had gone through until then. “nonetheless” (7) When “nonetheless” functions as a sentence connector, it is a synonym of “nevertheless” and “however.” It means “in spite of what has been said,” “still and all.” The event was declared illegal. Nonetheless, loads of people attended it. When it appears at the end of a phrase as an adverb, like in the article, it means “in any case,” “all the same.” My job is quite demanding at times, but I really enjoy it nonetheless. “be brought to tears” (8) If a person is brought to tears, something makes them cry or feel as if they are going to cry. “a swell of love” (9) “A swell of” is an expression that can easily combine with emotions, since the literal meaning refers to a wave – usually a long one: The project to remove the zoo has seen a strong swell of support from the community. “If you please” and “Thank you” Greetings and pleasantries are common in all languages. In spite of their high frequency or, rather, because of their high frequency, when we use many of them, they often lack sincerity or conviction for when we utter them, we do not pay attention to their literal meaning. Motivational speaker Craig Valentine suggests that we should stop using “unpleasant pleasantries.” He says this in the context of his job as a coach when he counsels his clients on how to deliver a speech. It is sensible to think that to start a speech with “hackneyed” phrases (a derogatory word to describe something that is unoriginally because it’s been repeated so often) is ineffective and might fail to catch the attention of the audience. He came up with a lot of hackneyed excuses and we told him to shut up. However, it is true that we often start interaction with these pleasantries which do not establish a connection, but rather count as “small talk,” i.e. casual conversation to “break the ice” or to fill an awkward silence between two people. “How are you?” usually gets a “perfunctory” (performed as a routine duty, indifferent) “Fine, and you?” Believe it or not, this first, shallow verbal encounter is absolutely necessary for communication. It may not convey a lot of meaning. Just the same, they perform a central function. In presentations, they are attention getters, they break the ice, they set the scene, they indicate mood, they help us to adjust volume, loosen up a bit and enjoy the presentation ourselves. As learners of the English language, it is fundamental that we use these phrases. So, next time you have to make a presentation, or just participate in an international meeting, make sure you greet everybody on your way, using these small tricks to build confidence and pave the way for good communication. Who knows, you might even become the next audience-whisperer in no time! @lilipalermo Size email Print Share Vote Tweets por @BAHeraldcom Get to File LATEST NEWS MOST POPULAR BEST RANKED Trump chooses Governor Nikki Haley for UN ambassador Government, CGT, business chambers hold new Social Dialogue Roundtable 7.3 magnitude quake hits Japan, Fukushima residents urged to flee President Macri meets with Japanese premier Abe Pope extends power to forgive abortion to all Roman Catholic priests Government, CGT, business chambers hold new Social Dialogue Roundtable Trump chooses Governor Nikki Haley for UN ambassador                     Edition No. 5016 - This publication is a property of NEFIR S.A. -RNPI Nº 5293935 - Issn 1852 - 9224 - Te. 4349-1500 - San Juan 141 , (C1063ACY) CABA
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe 3 min read Google Google Executive Quits Self-Driving Car Project Image credit: l i g h t p o e t / Shutterstock Reuters From Reuters Overtime Judge Blocks Obama Rule Extending Overtime Pay to 4.2 Million Workers Make More Happen Retailers Push Deals Early as Black Friday Loses Focus Facebook Facebook Builds Censorship Tool to Get Back Into China ON-DEMAND EVENT STRATEGIES TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS Watch Now August 8, 2016 This story originally appeared on Reuters Chris Urmson, who was instrumental in building Google's self-driving car project, said on Friday he is leaving the team after seven and a half years. Alphabet Inc.'s Google had named Urmson chief technical officer of the project after it hired former Hyundai executive John Krafcik to be chief executive of the project. Urmson, who joined the project when it was launched and has been a public face of Google's autonomous vehicle efforts, testified before a U.S. Senate panel on autonomous cars in March. Krafcik confirmed Urmson's departure in a tweet on Friday afternoon. Urmson, in a blog post late Friday, said he was "ready for a fresh challenge." He said he was not sure what he would do next. "Going to take some time and get some perspective from outside of Google," he wrote in a text message to Reuters. Urmson told Reuters earlier this year that self-driving cars are coming. "I’ve gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen,” Urmson said. Google self-driving car project spokesman Johnny Luu confirmed Urmson's departure and praised him. "Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn’t much more than an idea. Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality," Luu said. Google's project has had other significant departures, even as it has hired dozens of new employees. Earlier this year, Anthony Levandowski, who was product manager for Google's self-driving car program, left the project to co-found a startup with two other former Google employees. Google's self-driving car project is expected to become a standalone company this year. In July, the project appointed its first general counsel. Google has logged more than 1.8 million miles of autonomous driving in testing in Texas, California, Arizona and Washington state. It has said it has no timetable for making self-driving vehicles available to the public. Officials have said Google is preparing to make its self-driving car unit a separate company. The program is now part of its X research laboratory unit. "The self-driving car project is in the middle of graduating from X and this is sort of a gradual process," Astro Teller, who heads the X program, told NBC News in April. In May, Google and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV said they had agreed to work together to build a fleet of nearly 100 self-driving minivans, the first time a Silicon Valley firm had teamed up with a traditional carmaker to develop an autonomous vehicle. In March, Reuters reported Google's self-driving car team was expanding and hiring more people with automotive industry expertise, underscoring the company's determination to move the division past the experimental stage. (Reporting by Paul Lienert in Detroit and David Shepardson in Washington; Editing by James Dalgleish and Bernard Orr) Latest News and Headlines from Reuters Investors play policy split between U.S. and Europe In wake of Wells Fargo, U.S. regulator mulls tougher bank sanctions As Trump disses TPP, China says to 'play role' in Asia-Pacific integration Google News and Trends Self-Driving Cars Alphabet Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Wed, Nov 23, 2016 | Updated 11.07 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP Here's how US government plans to make driving safer for smartphone users Panasonic to launch new air purifier range in India Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano to launch in first week of December 2016 Samsung announces buy now, 'pay later' offer on durables Pegasystems ties up with TalentSprint to expand academic programme FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » PCs Now locate, ‘wipe’ a Chromebook using Android Device Manager According to some reports, it is also possible to remotely ring and wipe out the data of Chromebook devices.TOI Tech | Aug 8, 2016, 07.51 PM IST NEW DELHI: In order to let Chrome work on Android apps and access the Google Play Store, the search giant rolled out a new version of Google Play Services with the Chrome OS v52. Now, it has been discovered that one of its key feature, Android Device Manager, works with Chrome OS and that users can use it find their Chrome OS PCs via the application. It is worth mentioning that the Android Device Manager was until now limited to Android handsets only. With the application, users can remotely wipe out data from the lost handset, locate it on Google Maps, ring it and even lock it. According to some reports, it is also possible to remotely ring and wipe out the data of Chromebook devices. Now you can run 1.5 million Android apps on Chrome OS The Google Play access in Chrome OS will first be hitting the Asus Chromebook Flip, the Acer Chromebook R 11 and the Chromebook Pixel (2015). It will first come to the Chrome OS dev channel in June with the release of M53. For now, those who are using the Asus Flip, Acer R11, or 2015 Chromebook Pixel can access the Android Device Manager. On its part, Google has not yet confirmed if it has included the feature on purpose or it has mistakenly got included as a result of giving Google Play Service access to Chrome OS users. Google announced that it is bringing Play Store to Chrome OS at the recent Google I/O 2016 developer conference. While users were already able to run some Android apps on Chrome OS, the entry of the complete Google Play Store brings all the 1.5 million Android apps to the Chromebooks. This move is likely to boost the Chrome OS and make it easy for developers to bring their apps on the OS without any need to roll out an update. Also, the Mountainview-based technology company promises to bring Google Play to other Chromebook devices in future. Some of the partners that are already working on to bring Android apps to their Chromebooks include Acer, Asus, Dell, Haier, Lava (Xolo Chromebook), HP, Lenovo, Samsung, Toshiba and more. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Asus Zenbook 3, Transformer Pro 3 laptop availability, price announced Some users facing 3-finger-drag issue on Apple’s new MacBook Pro laptops 8 hot laptops available under Rs 35,000 Acer launches world’s thinnest laptop in India 10 Windows 10 hybrid laptops available under Rs 30,000 From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPad Pro, iPhone 7 available at a discount of up to Rs 28,900 Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users TCS: Cyrus Mistry caused 'enormous harm' to the IT company IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Reliance Jio to launch phones with unlimited voice, video calling starting at Rs 1,000 RDP ThinkBook with 14.1-inch display launched at Rs 9999 Lenovo Yoga 710 Windows 10 convertible laptop launched at Rs 85,490 Comparison: Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air vs MacBook Air vs Lenovo Air 13 Lenovo launches Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air rival, Air 13 Pro Vaio C15 ‘fashionable laptops’ series launched Can’t afford a MacBook Air? Here is Xiaomi’s Mi Notebook Air starting at Rs 35k 1Now locate, ‘wipe’ a Chromebook using Android Device Manager 2RDP ThinkBook with 14.1-inch display launched at Rs 9999 3Lenovo Yoga 710 Windows 10 convertible laptop launched at Rs 85,490 4Comparison: Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air vs MacBook Air vs Lenovo Air 13 5Lenovo launches Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air rival, Air 13 Pro 6Vaio C15 ‘fashionable laptops’ series launched 7Can’t afford a MacBook Air? Here is Xiaomi’s Mi Notebook Air starting at Rs 35k GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia P1 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oppo F1s 64GB Umi Plus E Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Google Apps This Google Photos ad is all about the pain of having a 16GB iPhone New, 178 comments by Chris Welch Aug 8, 2016, 10:07am EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple might be getting rid of the 16GB iPhone in September, but we're not quite there yet, and in the meantime Google has created a fantastic Google Photos commercial that showcases the app's "free up space" feature. The ad features one missed photo after another — selfies, graduations, birthdays, Bigfoot sightings, etc. — all because of a phone that has run out of storage. (And yes, this is a headache that some Android users also face.) Google wants you to know that it's come up with a solution to this potential crisis: once they've been backed up to the cloud, Google Photos can erase the local copy of photos and videos captured with your smartphone. That's an incredibly useful feature, especially when paired with the unlimited storage you get if you choose the "high quality" backup option in Google Photos. It's also the type of convenience that could easily lock you into sticking with Google Photos long into the future. Because moving photos from one online service to another is a miserable experience that we should only have to experience once or maybe twice in this life. Apple can also automatically back up your memories to iCloud to clear up built-in storage, but you'll likely have to pay for more cloud space if you're someone who opens the camera app regularly. Anyway, this is a pretty great ad all around — even if it's weird that after all those iPhone warning prompts, the commercial pulls back to reveal... a Nexus 6P. Source: Google Photos (YouTube) More From The Verge Snap Spectacles review: Fun that's totally worth the trouble Cults, chaos, and community: how The Tension Experience rewrote the rules of storytelling Netflix feels like Blockbuster these days The Verge 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Supported By Did Trump just change his mind on climate change? Who knows The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker This cheap fitness watch has GPS tracking and an always-on display by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Another day, another new fitness tracker — although this one is a relatively inexpensive fitness-focused smartwatch. Huami is now selling its Amazfit Pace smartwatch in the US, a product that was previously only available in China, where Huami is... New, 0 comments Gaming Entertainment Culture Question Club: Is Watch Dogs 2 actually an open-world puzzle game? by Megan Farokhmanesh, Chris Plante, and Andrew Webster Earlier this month, Ubisoft released a sequel to its open-world hacking adventure, Watch Dogs. Gone is the city of Chicago and the dour grimace of vigilante Aiden Pearce. Watch Dogs 2 instead focuses on Marcus Holloway, a youthful hacker living in... Spotify’s collaborative playlists will test your family’s togetherness this Thanksgiving by Ben Popper Spotify and Sonos have gotten together for a little holiday promotion they’re calling Playlist Potluck. It lets a host create a Spotify playlist they can share via email, and anyone who’s invited can add their own track. The theme is friendship,... Gaming Editorial Virtual Reality Steam is about to take over PC gaming all over again — this time, with VR by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy For years now, Valve’s Steam service has dominated PC gaming. Not every title is on its store, and markets like GoG and Itch.io have carved out their own niche. But it’s still probably the best-known way to find and play games on any computer —... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Culture Let’s hope these sneakers with LED screens are not the footwear of the future by Lizzie Plaugic “Things to put your feet in” probably falls somewhere on Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, but there’s no way that includes these things. Vixole’s new “e-sneakers” come with an LED screen near the heel that the wearer can customize with drawings,... New, 2 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft brings Solitaire to iOS and Android by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is bringing its popular version of Solitaire to iOS and Android today. While the game as existed on Windows for more than 25 years, the modern Solitaire Collection will now be available outside of Windows for the first time. Microsoft is... New, 6 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this... Let’s Talk iOS 162: Staying out of the gravy trouble Best Mac Bundle: save up to 90% on Parallels, 1Password, TextExpander +... Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS   skip to main content skip to main menu     Storage full: new Google Photos ad is amusing By Christian Zibreg, Aug 8, 2016 Tweet 23 Comments We were first to tell you about the most recent update to the mobile Google Photos app, which packs in 3D Touch shortcuts on the Home screen whilst highlighting a storage optimization feature. The following day Google published this video, a nice play on the widely criticized problem of entry-level 16GB iPhones having nowhere near the capacity to hold all of the photos people take on their iPhones. “Because life shouldn’t stop when your phone storage does,” says Google. “Free up space with Google Photos and never run out of storage again.” Yes, Google actually shows an iPhone in the commercial. Soundtrack: ”Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen. The video promises that you’ll never run out of storage again with its app. Unlike Apple, which gives you a tiny five gigabytes of iCloud storage to back up your photos and videos, Google Photos provides unlimited cloud storage space for your media as long as it’s not beyond sixteen megapixels or 1080p, in which case those uploads do count against your Google storage. New in Google Photos: Settings → Manage Device Storage → Free Up Space will remove original full-resolution media from your device that’s backed up to Google. On the other hand, iCloud Photo Library keeps your media backed up in iCloud in their original resolution and without recompressing the files. Google Photos recompresses your original photos to reduce the file size, resulting in a lot faster uploads. The problem with Google’s approach is that once those photos have been recompressed and your originals get removed from the device, you’re stuck with recompressed media forever unless you remember to transfer the originals to your computer before syncing with Google Photos. How do you like Google’s video? Google Photos is a free download from the App Store. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Google Photos amps up advertising with funny new ad focused on automatic backup feature Check out the latest Apple Watch Series 2 ad New Surface Pro 4 ad pokes fun of the Mac because it doesn’t have a touchscreen Google Photos for iOS gains Live Photos stabilization feature Related Topics Advertising, Apple, Google, Google+ Photos, Marketing, News, Photos, Video J3ff Ive been using Google Photos for over 3 yeas snow and have every photo i’ve ever taken going back to 2009. Thats gotta be 30k photos. You can even download Google Photos on your PC and it will automatically download all your photos and videos on the pc to your Google Drive. This app is awesome and i’m happy its finally getting the light it deserves. Awesome job by Google. Tim Still don’t like the fact that they can use any of those 30k photos for commercial use etc. J3ff i have nothing to lose. At least if my pc were to crash or burn (worse case scenario) id have them somewhere reliable and available to my via mobile device or internet. Also isn’t Flickr the same? Unfortunately i have a 120gb SSD Macbook and it cant handle all my pics. J3ff I think its important to remember that anything on the internet isn’t safe and is vulnerable to commercial use or hacking. My pictures aren’t that precious that i would be upset if someone saw them. :D My pictures are precious but I don’t care if anybody sees them Even if you do have embarrassing photos what are the odds they’ll be used anyway Ramone That’s why I don’t use it. Well, one reason anyway. I already use a lot of Google products and I know they mine, scan and crawl every bit and byte that’s stored on their servers for monetizable data. They don’t say exactly what they do with our data or who they sell it to or how long they keep it etc. Yeah, “sharing” data with the likes of Google (and smaller players like Disqus) can’t easily be avoided but there is something creepy about these companies having a full profile of every person on the internet. Let them scan and store your personal photos and you can be sure they know and record who all your friends are, your family and probably even strangers who appear in the background of your holiday pictures. No thanks. Besides I already have all the storage I need for my photos and trusting everything to the “cloud” (i.e. a remote computer in a server farm somewhere) means you have no control over what happens to your stuff. If a company goes bankrupt, gets hacked or their server farms get taken over by zombies…nothing you can do about it. If people actually knew what “the cloud” means and the implications of moving all their files from their devices to a corporate server many would probably reconsider. Sure it’s a choice and nobody is forced to store their data remotely…but a choice based on cheery PR (well-crafted propaganda) and pro-corporate media blurbs isn’t exactly based on credible information. Ramone You mean automatically upload your photos to Google Drive…and this is not in any way “new”. Every cloud service has had an auto-upload option for years. J3ff This is true but its never been from a provider like Google. At least i know that they will support this product and its attached to an account i use daily. Also the availability of the pictures on your phone, online in such an easy to use manor is important as well. Not like Flickr in which i never use yahoo and can never remember my password because of their ridiculous password requirements. TornBodies i offload all my originals uncompressed to onedrive i got 100gigs of free space on there from a promo they had then i also backup to mega & dropbox all the pics i take worth keeping get sent to 4 cloud drives and the cloud drives keep them on my pc & mac as well its impossible for me to lose a photo the way google photos makes stories & memories is still better then apples ios 10 version J3ff agreed to the memories portion! Ive gotten some really nice short vids out of it and was very impressed with how easy it was and how professional it looked. Rowan09 Not a fan of Google photos because I thought it could handle videos but it doesn’t do a good job and has a limit. I purchased a 2TB WD cloud drive and couldn’t be happier with it. Timothy What do you mean? I have lots of videos in it and they all work fine, including ones shot in 4K. Rowan09 I have some videos on one of my phones (Note 2) and it wouldn’t transfer. I had some videos that transfered and when I tried to access them from my iPhone I couldn’t for some reason. At that point I just forgot about it. :D I think the max resolution is 1080P for vids and 16 MP for pics Unless they’ve changed it recently Timothy only for the downsizing option. I have plenty of storage so I have it upload original copies Anonymous I had to switch to google photo’s because I ran out of room in iCloud. (I pay for the top tire). I do love the app, with its memory feature. I haven’t tried apples ios10 version due to my switch. I may make the trade off of lowering the quality of photo. But at the end of the day a photo is better than no photo because I didn’t have the space for it. John Smith Great but it doesnt download from cloud to your pc for offline viewing James G Not a fan. They compress images and probably scan my photos for their own nefarious ad targeting purposes. I keep all my data, except search and YouTube history, out of Google’s hands. shar google has an original quality upload option, I have free 20gb storage with google and upload all images in original quality, why would I ever go back to icloud. Jayy Lol not going to lie funny ad, that’s how it used to be for me on my old 8gb iPhone 4. Wanting to take pics and had to delete 10 pictures just to take one. ozonostudio Or you can use Dropbox, you know right? I have like 4 years using dropbox to clean my iPhone and I have more space for free Innes Funny advert 🙂 Leslie B I pay a dollar a month for a bit of extra iCloud storage. To keep the original photos intact and for backup of all my devices, I think it’s well worth it.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines This Mac app lets you switch between recently used apps via Touch Bar A running list of great iOS and macOS apps on sale this week President-elect Trump promises tax incentives for Apple to build “Made in USA” iPhones Apple could slash prices of next year’s 4.7″ and 5.5″ iPhones with legacy LCD technology iPhone 8 to hit mass production late in the third quarter of 2017   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Google denies intentionally blocking Windows Phone users, says Gmail problem has been fixed 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Aug 8, 2016 at 13:18 GMT4 months ago More than a month after the problem started and a week after it first broke as a story, a Google representative has finally admitted that there is an issue with Windows 10 Mobile and Gmail and flipped the switch which corrected the problem. As a reminder, Windows 10 Mobile users were unable to add Google accounts to the built-in email and calendar apps, with the error message “Your browser is not supported. Please update to a more recent one.” Simply changing your user agent let the OAUTH authorization proceed as usual. Google hasn’t really been the best of supporters of Microsoft’s Windows phone platform. Despite having a Google app for the platform, the firm has since refused to provide any more  apps for the Windows phone platform, and has engaged in actively blocking users from accessing its services. Now  support staff on Google’s Product Forums site report that the error has been fixed, and was certainly not intentional, saying: Further down the thread the representative promised “we’ll work hard to make sure it doesn’t happen again!” Hopefully this means purchasing 1 single Windows Phone to test on. Has the issue been resolved for our readers? Let us know below. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Google Products Forum Via theinquirer.net Related gmail google Mail and Calendar outlook outlook mail windows 10 Windows 10 Mobile windows phone Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product roadmap by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft is bringing Xbox One game streaming to the Oculus Rift on Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast Lumia 950 by Mehedi Hassan on October 3, 2015 Lumia 950 XL by Mehedi Hassan MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Microsoft’s CEO Satya Nadella wants to build the ‘the ultimate mobile device’ by Mehedi Hassan on November 22, 2016 Many Microsoft execs have been spoken of building new category of devices lately. This, of course, includes Satya Nadella. In a recent interview, Nadella acknowledged the fact that Microsof... HP Elite x3 snags a new firmware update by Sean Chan HP has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Elite x3. The latest firmware update takes the software to 0002.0000.0018.0105. This update does not seem to include any new features... Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product... by Surur We reported earlier that the software foundations for Microsoft’s Home Hub have been spotted, showing that it would allow access to a Family Desktop above the Lock Screen featuring ... Cartoon texture pack now available on Minecraft: Pocket and Windows 10 Editions by Pradeep Mojang today announced the availability of Cartoon texture pack on Minecraft Pocket and Windows 10 Editions. A Minecraft texture pack to surprise and amuse you. Even the spiders are happy! T... ASUS ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 now available for order in th... by Pradeep Earlier this month, ASUS announced the updated ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 card. The VR Ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card used in ROG G701VI provides improved gra... Deals Deals Deal: Get ReCore Xbox One game for just $19.99 You can now get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from Amazon. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dynamic world in a ... Deal: Save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK You can now save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK. Office 365 Home, Office Home & Student 2016 for Mac and Office Home and Student 2016 are available on di... Black Friday Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover ... Microsoft Store UK’s Black Friday Deal for Surface Pro 4 device is now available online. Get a Surface Pro 4 with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £599. You ... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB for $799, plus add a Type Cover for... Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and ... Deal: Save $250 on entry-level Surface Book device from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $250 discount on the entry level Surface Book device. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1249. Surface Book... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
null
AutoSpies.com | Newsletter | RSS Automotive News Top News Most Recent Spy Shots Spy News New Cars Misc News Photo Galleries Reviews Report Cards Videos Polls Rumors Auto Sales Submit An Article Dealer Reviews Free Classifieds Search Listings Sell Your Car Galleries Best Of LA Auto Show LA Auto Show LA Auto Show Preview Best Of SEMA Show SEMA Show 2016 SEMA Preview Paris Motor Show Bimmerfest 2016 Bimmerfest Preview Beijing Motor Show Best Of New York Auto Show NYIAS2016 New York Auto Show NYIAS2016 New York Auto Show Preview NYIAS Easter Jeep Safari Concepts Moab Geneva Motor Show Best Of Detroit Auto Show NAIAS Detroit Auto Show NAIAS Official Detroit Auto Show Preview NAIAS San Diego Auto Show Best Photos Of 2015 View more galleries… Google Car Chief Departs Amid Direction Changes - Is There Trouble In Paradise? Agent009 submitted on 8/8/2016Auto Spies Photos Timestamp: 9:21:51 AM 2 user comments | Views : 2,634 | Category: New Cars | Source: | SOURCE: www.autonews.com Tag Links: #google, #Jalopnik, #icar, #selfdriving SHARE THIS ARTICLE Chris Urmson, chief technical officer of Google's self-driving car efforts, said he's leaving as the Internet company moves the project from research into the creation of products. Urmson has been integral to Google's automated-driving project since its early days in 2009. Under his watch, Google vehicles racked up 1.8 million miles of driving. He's leaving as car manufacturers place more emphasis on the technology and race to be the first to field vehicles that don't need human drivers. "I am ready for a fresh challenge," the former Carnegie Mellon University researcher said in an online post Friday. Read Article Most Viewed Photos on AutoSpies.com RIGHT NOW! Best Of LA Auto Show LA Auto Show LA Auto Show Preview Best Of SEMA Show SEMA Show 2016 LAST 5 GALLERIES About the Author Honor thy error as a hidden intention. — Agent009 (View Profile) User Comments I am commenting because I feel sad looking at this pitiful looking, humpy little vehicle that nobody really gives a shit about. — Dexter1 (View Profile) Posted on 8/9/2016 12:25:00 AM | reply to this comment | Votes: 0    though the car looks happy — w222 (View Profile) Posted on 8/9/2016 1:20:47 PM | reply to this comment | Votes: 2    Add your Comments Images hosted in your AgentSpace can now be posted in the comments section using the following syntax (case matters): [img]IMAGE URL[/img] Example: [img]http://agent001.myautospies.com/images/sample.jpg[/img] Email Me When Someone Replies To My Message Login | Sign Up Submit an article Register to vote, post articles, write comments, and interact with fellow auto enthusiasts Photo Galleries AutoSpies presents the best Auto Show Photos, Automotive Videos, Car Reviews and Hot Rides. Paris Motor Show Latest Photo Galleries Best Of LA Auto Show LA Auto Show LA Auto Show Preview Best Of SEMA Show SEMA Show 2016 2018 Volkswagen Atlas 2017 Audi S3 MINI Countryman Mercedes-AMG E63 Mercedes-Benz Concept X-Class SEMA Preview 2017 Honda CR-V The New 2017 BMW 5-Series Paris Motor Show Chevrolet Camaro Mercedes-AMG GT/GT C Roadster Jaguar XF Audi A5 Sportback Novitec Rosso 488 Spider Volkswagen Teramont Monterey Car Week 2017 Kia Cadenza 2017 Range Rover BMW 740e xDrive iPerformance Elvis' BMW 507 SPIED! Next-Gen Mazda CX-5 2017 Ford Super Duty Line SPIED! Volkswagen Tiguan Jet Blue BMW M5 Hyundai Elantra Sport BMW Z8 vs Porsche 911 993 2017 Porsche Panamera Aston Martin GT12 Roadster Mercedes-AMG GT R MINI And Rolls-Royce The NEXT 100 2017 Mercedes E-Class MINI Clubman Scrambler Mercedes-Benz G550 4x4 Mercedes-Benz E-Class Estate Audi A5 and S5 Bimmerfest 2016 2017 Nissan GT-R NISMO BMW 30 Jahre M3 Bimmerfest Preview Cadillac CTS-V BMW Villa d'Este BMW 2002 Hommage Aston Martin Zagato Vanquish Volvo 40-Series Rolls-Royce Phantom Zenith More photo galleries Latest Articles Ford Considers Legal Action Over Custom Mustang At SEMA Analysts Believe Incentives Will Push November Sales To A 5% Increase Over Last Year 600bhp Mercedes-AMG C-Class Black Series under consideration 2018 Ford Mustang details leaked: 10-speed auto, fancy shocks, and no more V6? Is Subaru's Jumbo SUV An Exercise In Profit Or A Distraction From Core Values? 2017 Dodge Charger Daytona – Mean sedan VW ID ELECTRIC CAR - the newest green car by German automaker! Do you like the new edition! Volkswagen Confirms That Diesels Are No Longer To Be Sold In US Market Court Rules The Volkswagen Can Profit From EPA Dieselgate Settlement 2018 Honda Civic Type R caught testing on the streets of California 2017 Nissan Versa Note – Inevitable V-motion update Ford Bronco - Created and Assembled on Two Continents 2019 Ram 1500 Mega Cab Spy Shots 2017 Acura TLX – Luxurious Accord The Grand Tour - Live Studio Audience Experience Mercedes could drop diesels in U.S. completely One-month-old McLaren MSO HS already crashed #LAAUTOSHOW : Did You See EVERYTHING? Our Best Of LA Auto Show Gallery Brings It All Together In One Place Volkswagen Ends CC Production As Replacement Looms Lamborghini Huracan Driver Arrested, Car Confiscated In Singapore After Reckless Overtake Jaguar I-Pace R-S Would Give Tesla Something To Worry About Next-gen VW Amarok pickup could make it to U.S. Fiat Set To Slash Prices On 2017 Models As Part Of New Pricing Structure Age Of Average Car On The Road Rises To 11.6 Years Volkswagen Goes On The Offensive In North America With Wave Of EV And SUV Models 2018 Honda Ridgeline - Rumors 2018 Jeep Wrangler Almost Ready for Debut 2017 Toyota 86 Has Arrived In Australia 2017 Honda Civic Si Vs 2018 Civic Type-R Which Car Suits You Better? BMW's Mammoth X7 SUV Caught Testing In Germany More latest news AutoSpies.com About Us Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Web Development by T-Tech Solutions LLC | Web Hosting by DealerRater.com
null
null
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Google's beta app is bringing Google Now cards and... Google's beta app is bringing Google Now cards and other tricks to Now on Tap The predictive service is always a work in progress, and the latest tweaks might make it a more useful aide for your day. Derek Walter on 06 August, 2016 03:54 0 - - - - print email Google Now on Tap has yet to really find its way into that “must have” category for many, as the information it pulls up is often hit and miss. There’s a new improvement rolling out with the Google app beta that may help alleviate this. When you launch Now on Tap (if you’re one of the lucky few, anyway) you’ll see some of the cards that you’d find in Google Now, such as weather or upcoming events. You’ll also see icons to set a reminder, create an event, set a timer, or other commands. Now on Tap is much closer to acting like Google Now. It’s one of those staggered rollouts to the beta channel of the Google app, as I was able to launch these on a Galaxy S7 Edge but not on a Nexus 5X. Your results may vary. If you want to make this appear, you’ll want to grab the Google app beta. You’ll see more frequent updates and occasional new features like this one, though of course it could mean some bugs. The impact on you: Google’s been trying to make it's services more predictive, as we’ve seen Google Now beget Now on Tap. The culmination of this is the Google Assistant, which should make an appearance with the next Nexus phones. Until then such new features offer us all the ways that Google plans to have its intelligence engine try to make better predictions about the information you need. Brand Post Competition: Win a Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive (64GB) valued at $134.95 More from Lexar Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google NowGoogle Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Derek Walter Unknown Publication Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Gadgets & Things Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Family Friendly Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles ​Top 10 best Android and Apple smartphones for under $700 ​Kingston 256GB MicroSD XC card review This may be the most expensive 'free' computer you've ever seen You'll be able to stream Xbox One games on the Oculus Rift in December Facebook's latest experiment: Helping you find free Wi-Fi hotspots Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTProject CoordinatorVIC TPSHAREPOINT SPECIALISTQLD FTPractice Manager - SecurityVIC FTSenior Architect, Financial MarketsNSW FTSystems EngineerNSW CCService Desk Analyst - Major Government Client / ParramattaNSW TPSenior Software EngineerQLD FTService Lifecycle RepresentativeQLD TPSAP Finance Functional ConsultantQLD FT.Net Developer - PermanentNSW CCSupport OfficerSA CCHadoop DeveloperVIC CCService Design SpecialistNSW TPBusiness Solutions Analyst - Legacy SystemQLD CCBack End DeveloperNSW TPLotus Notes DeveloperNSW FTProject Manager - Salesforce focusNSW CCMaster SchedulerNSW TPProject ManagerVIC FTData Integration or Big Data Specialist (Sales) - Permanent - SydneyNSW FTJava DeveloperNSW CCMainframe Developer (with ASP.NET)NSW CCProgram Manager - Control Systems RoadmapNSW TPMicrosoft Dynamics CRM DeveloperVIC CCMicrosoft Dynamics AX Functional Consultant Advanced Warehouse ManagementQLD Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Scalpers try to cash in on MacBook Pro shortage computerworld.com.au Voting security experts call on Clinton to demand recount cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Key resellers signed on as Mellanox pushes into enterprise arnnet.com.au Telstra's Kingsmill takes up new post at Virgin Australia cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) and IMAX Corporation (USA) (IMAX) 'Suicide Squad' set a new August IMAX record Aug 8, 2016, 8:34 am EST  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     The U.S. stock market reached new heights Friday, while oil prices continued to drop–now down six cents for the price of regular grade ($2.16) over the last two weeks. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 closed at a new high of 2,182.87 Friday, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average achieved the same feat, rising to 18,543.53. There was plenty of noise in the tech world over the weekend, with companies like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG,NASDAQ:GOOGL) making headlines. It was also a successful couple of days for one of the world’s leading cinema companies — IMAX Corporation (USA) (NYSE:IMAX). Here’s what you need to know: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Apple’s iPhone 7 continues to be a hot topic as consumers eagerly await the smartphone. 7 No-Name Tech Stocks That Will Make You Rich Whether or not the device will meet expectations is anyone’s bet, but more light is being shed on what we can expect from it. The iPhone 7 will include dual-lens camera technology, which means two lenses on one camera. Additionally, a new video was released that reveals three different versions of the device: a 4.7-inch iPhone 7, and two 5.5-inch smartphones–a ‘Plus’ and a ‘Pro.’ Apple may launch preorders for the phone on Sept. 9 of this year, with the iPhone 7 hitting stores on Sept. 16. AAPL shares are up 2.1% year to date. Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) Google made plenty of headlines over the weekend, including an exciting new initiative by scientists. Researchers hope to use Google’s technology to learn more about valleys, mountains and underwater volcanoes. The project will take place over the next 14 years and it has at least 150 oceanographers signed on. The search engine recently expanded its Google Analytics tool — released in May 2016 — in order to share more data surrounding how much your website is covered with Google searches. Find out how to do so here. On a dimmer note, Alphabet’s self-driving project leader Chris Urmson is leaving the company in search for a new challenge. GOOG shares have risen 10% over the last three months, while GOOGL stock is up 11.3% over that span. IMAX Corporation (USA) (IMAX) IMAX had a strong weekend thanks to the release of Suicide Squad. The film — starring Jared Leto, Margot Robbie and Will Smith — set a new record for the largest IMAX debut in the month of August. Suicide Squad netted $18.2 million on more than 600 IMAX screens across the globe. $11 million — or 60.4% — of what the movie tallied involved U.S. cinemas. The previous August IMAX record was held by Guardians of the Galaxy, which earned $15.9 million worldwide in its opening weekend. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd: BABA Stock Has Double-Digit Potential Suicide Squad has been met with mixed reviews from fans, and it’s been generally panned by critics, garnering a 26% ‘Rotten’ vote on Rotten Tomatoes. IMAX shares could use a boost as the stock has declined 9.1% YTD. As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 5 Stocks to Buy for August 10 Losers That Will Be 2017’s Best Stocks to Buy Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/3-stocks-watch-monday-apple-inc-aapl-alphabet-inc-goog-googl/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Follow Us:   Today's Edition | Monday , August 8 , 2016 |   In Today's Paper Front Page Nation Calcutta Bengal Foreign Business Sports Horse Racing T2 Online Opinion SPONSORED Property NEW Cities & Regions Metro North Bengal Northeast Jharkhand Bihar Odisha Weekly Features Knowhow Mon Jobs Tue You Mon Salt Lake Fri 7days Sun Graphiti Sun Leisure Sudoku Sudoku New Crossword Jumble Gallery Archives Since 1 March, 1999 Press Releases Businesswire India NewsVoir PR Newswire Extras Travel The Telegraph About Us Advertise Feedback Contact Us Front Page > North East > Story An app that puts you on the right track - Guwahati-based self-taught computer programmer designs location-based version to share information SAURAV BORA Indranil Talukdar displays the app on his laptop. Telegraph picture Guwahati, Aug. 7: A 22-year-old self-taught computer programmer from Guwahati has developed an advanced version of an Android mobile application to track friends and family members and also share information. A history student but with a passion for computer programming, Indranil Talukdar had acquired the art of designing the app, called Mapp, through the Internet and books. It was initially launched as Wemapin. "The app, which is available in Google Play Store, uses GPS technology to locate the users on a Google map. The main feature of this application is the public message feature, which allows users to send messages to nearby users, to a single user or to a group," Talukdar told The Telegraph at his Luit Nagar residence here. Designing an app as beneficial as this doesn't burn a hole in the pocket, he said. "The cost is reasonable. That's the good part. You just need a viable idea, knowledge of computer programming and of course high-speed Internet," Indranil said. The first version was designed with an aim to help people to track their friends within a radius of 1,000 square metres and track other users of the app and send messages, particularly during an emergency. The app has already been translated into several foreign languages. "The response to the app available on Google Play store was encouraging with good reviews from users in America and Europe. The advanced version is appealing to the eye and has more user-friendly features. Among others, it has a Facebook login facility for first-time users, profile view option and sends real-time notifications to people. The app is particularly useful during an emergency. Besides, a user can know the distance (in km) he/she is away from the others," he said. As of today, MAPP has over 5,000 users in over 95 countries. "The app, being location-based, has helped me a lot as I need to be in touch with my friends and clients, particularly those who are in town, for events and conferences," Rangman Das, a public relations professional from Panjabari, said. The reviews from other users have been encouraging too. "It's a great app to communicate with nearby people," said Abhinab Borah, a user. "It's easier and most useful to keep track of the locations of family and friends," said Ranjit Borgohain, another user. "However, the response to the initial version from overseas users has been better than in our country. So we are looking at generating awareness about the app in the market through a firm that we have set up. We wish to reach out to a 1 lakh users in a year's time," he said. Talukdar, who first wanted to develop a social networking site, had stumbled upon the idea to design the app following a "scare" in 2014. "I lost my way for a while on my return home from a place in north Guwahati. I could not locate the area and was helpless for a while. But finally I could find my way. The incident was a little scary but it helped spark the idea of making the app," he said. Asked if he has more in store in future, he added, "I want to fulfil my dream of developing a social networking site. But it will take time."    More stories in North East NHPC optimistic on Subansiri project Seba opposes board change 'Hit them hard, be lawfully ruthless' Floods force students to shift Forum warns governor on bill Akademi office to stay in city Garo hills gears up for I-Day week Bid to enrol NE residents in Delhi Futile effort to rescue jumbo    Copyright © 2016 The Telegraph. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us  
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google Maps > Google My Business Updates User Interface For Editing Business Details Google My Business Updates User Interface For Editing Business Details Aug 8, 2016 • 8:06 am | (4) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Maps Prev Story Next Story Google My Business, the place businesses can go to update their business details as they are listed on Google Maps and Google Local, has been updated. Thew new interface is more condensed and concise, allowing for not just a cleaner and more intuitive way to update your business on Google Maps but also what looks like a clean way to update your business using a smart phone. Here is a screen shot or two of the new interface, click to enlarge: When you click on a pencil, a modal pops up allowing you to edit that block of information: This was spotted by Meghan Trapp and posted in the Local Search Forums. Colan from the forums added, "with the recent removal of the description from GMB, and now this, it feels like something is in the air indeed." Maybe, maybe... For now, it just seems like a good user interface change to me. Forum discussion at Local Search Forums. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Local Pack Ad Seen For The First Time   Comments: Linda Buquet 08/08/2016 01:35 pm Thanks for sharing our forum discussion Barry! Parveen Kumar 08/09/2016 03:18 am Good user interface. Penny Ormerod 08/09/2016 10:01 am It'll really helpful Barry. Websri SSSPL 08/10/2016 12:14 pm Good to know about the update. Yes, it is now have a much more better interface. I have sometime face difficulty on updating GMB account from my smart phone, but now I had a less pain... thanks for sharing Barry. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums Looking for inexpensive content writer $45 (USD, Paypal) Tshirt Design for Bodybuilding/Gym Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > SEO Copywriting > Link Building > Google: Links From Adult Sites Are Not Spammy Or Problematic Google: Links From Adult Sites Are Not Spammy Or Problematic Aug 8, 2016 • 7:41 am | (19) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Link Building Tips & SEO Prev Story Next Story John Mueller from Google said on Twitter that links from adult or pornographic sites are not automatically considered spam by Google. In fact, he said they are not always even problematic for your site's rankings. John Mueller wrote, "Adult sites aren't automatically spam, and links from them not automatically unnatural / problematic." @Marie_Haynes Adult sites aren't automatically spam, and links from them not automatically unnatural / problematic.— John Mueller (@JohnMu) August 5, 2016 Truth is, we covered this before when we wrote Google: Adult Web Sites Are Not Automatically Spammy Web Sites. It is perfectly find to have links from adult sites, assuming those links are natural links and not against Google's link guidelines. I do see it way too often that people will simply disavow links that are from adult sites, because they are from adult sites. That is not always necessary or a good practice. Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Search Analytics Data Bug Extended: July 29th - August 5th   Comments: Caleb Schmidt 08/08/2016 12:01 pm No. No, honey. I'm just on this site doing link exchanges.. ya, that's it... link exchanges. steve 08/08/2016 01:05 pm So basically if you auto spin contents and put competitors links in their google will find that against rules. Jim 08/08/2016 01:09 pm * "No, boss" Corrected that for you. John Q 08/08/2016 01:25 pm Why don't you ask them to explain what the flying FUCK is going on with this zombie traffic? Conversions have been absolutely shithouse the last week, to a website that makes thousands every day. I also pay hundreds in adwords, and my campaigns have imploded whereas everything on my end has been the same all year. No more conversions, no more adwords money for Google. And I'm sick of idiotic reps calling me and telling me to raise my bid when this has worked perfectly for months. Barry Schwartz 08/08/2016 01:26 pm I did ask and I did cover it a few times. I saw the chatter this weekend. Not sure what else I can do. The Truth 08/08/2016 01:44 pm I agree, Adwords has been nothing but Zombie traffic lately. Yahkaoo Boo 08/08/2016 02:19 pm It 's not in their interests to share their finding with you. It is probably either a bug or click fraud but either ay Google are lining their pockets with the cash. Do you think they want to open themselves up to that kind of publicity? They will probably just sweep it all under the carpet and upgrade the free buffet with the stolen cash. egh 08/08/2016 02:58 pm "Links From Adult Sites Are Not Spammy Or Problematic" ... unless your website is a children's toy store. Sergei Eremeev 08/08/2016 06:24 pm I can't imagine how to get a natural link from an adult site if your site is not an adult as well. Paperchaser 08/08/2016 07:41 pm nice logo :) Nick Ker 08/08/2016 10:42 pm Same as any other link, I guess - have something people want to share. I got a totally natural link from a forum called stripperweb a few years ago. Probably one of the few "totally natural" things about a site for strippers. Someone was looking for SEO services and linked to a blog post on my site. Didn't get any noticeable traffic from it, though. Michael Martinez 08/09/2016 02:20 am Be the Disney Company. Chad Wandel 08/09/2016 04:39 am Typo "It is perfectly find to have links from adult sites" It is perfectly fine to have links.... Cesar Bielich 08/09/2016 06:32 am I could imagine an adult site having a blog reporting on an issue that links to a general article just like any site. Look at popular news articles. They link to sites all the time that may not be in their niche or even related. There is no difference. Anon User 08/09/2016 11:39 am LOL. Who goes on porn sites to read the blog :) GET A LIFE MATE :) Anon User 08/09/2016 11:40 am It's a shame you didn't get a rise :) Hector 08/09/2016 12:42 pm If one of your clients is an online doctor/online pharmacy, you would run into TONS of backlinks from adult websites, forums, blogs, etc., talking about Viagra, ED, sexual health, etc. Some get disavowed and some don't. So of course it depends on what the site is about, if it's not related at all, I would take these as problematic. Doc Sheldon 08/09/2016 04:41 pm I'd agree that automatically disavowing adult domains/links isn't always necessary. But if the linking site is spammy or there's no relevance to justify the link (kinda like how we examine EVERY backlink), then it needs to be removed or disavowed. I'd be careful about making statements that some knee-jerk folks might choose to interpret as "links from porn sites are fine". ;) Rauno Tolonen 08/09/2016 04:58 pm Why wouldn't you want to learn about sexuality, sexual health, sex toys, etc? I definitely want. If you don't, that's fine as well. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums Looking for inexpensive content writer $45 (USD, Paypal) Tshirt Design for Bodybuilding/Gym Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: 30x Redirect Passes PageRank But 301s Help With Canonicalization Google: 30x Redirect Passes PageRank But 301s Help With Canonicalization Aug 8, 2016 • 8:26 am | (1) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story A couple weeks ago we reported that Google said that all flavors of 30x redirects pass PageRank fully, there is no dilution he said. So of course, there was some debate on that but it seems like the way Gary Illyes put it, there are less people calling Google a liar for saying so. Gary from Google also added on Twitter that while 30x redirects do not dilute PageRank, 301s help best with canonicalization. Meaning, if you are trying to tell Google how they should combine URL A with URL B, use a 301, it helps best with the canonicalization of such a URL move. Here is the tweets from Gary: @AndyNRodgers redirects pass same, but 301 helps with canonicalization @JohnMu— Gary Illyes (@methode) August 5, 2016 I wonder what will come out of Gary saying this. Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google My Business Updates User Interface For Editing Business Details   Comments: Michael Martinez 08/09/2016 02:26 am I cannot help but wonder if 302 redirects break canonicalization, which would help with some Penguin repair strategies (not that a simple 302 redirect by itself would help). I'm surprised people are not already overanalyzing this latest comment but maybe we can blame it on Rio. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums Looking for inexpensive content writer $45 (USD, Paypal) Tshirt Design for Bodybuilding/Gym Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Search Analytics Data Bug Extended: July 29th - August 5th Google Search Analytics Data Bug Extended: July 29th - August 5th Aug 8, 2016 • 7:31 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story On August 1st, we reported there was a bug with the Google Search Console data in the Search Analytics report. In short, Search Analytics would mislabel the mobile and tablet search traffic as being desktop traffic between the dates of July 29th and August 1st. Well, it now looks like Google extended that date through August 5th. Google updated their data anomalies page to write: July 29 – Aug 5, 2016 All traffic in Search Analytics was erroneously labeled as "Desktop" traffic in the "Devices" grouping category. This mislabeling was corrected on Aug 5. We hope to be able to retroactively correct the data for this period. I checked myself and it does seem like the numbers went back to normal for me on August 4th but there obviously is a reason Google posted August 5th. Here is a screen shot: Forum discussion at Google+. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: August 5, 2016   Comments: No comments. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums Looking for inexpensive content writer $45 (USD, Paypal) Tshirt Design for Bodybuilding/Gym Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Aviously Skip to content Home About Current Sports Champions Recommended Reads Reviews Books Food Movies Music Tech Travels TV Shows Video Games ← MasterChef Conundrum Birthday Wishes From All Over – 2016 Edition → The Google Fruit Games Olympics Posted on August 8, 2016 | 2 Comments If you haven’t opened up the Google App on your phone in a few days (or the Google Now page for us Android users) and clicked the logo, you don’t know what you’re missing. Google has launched the Google Olympics, with good old fruits and vegetables as the contestants. You can also download it at g.co/fruit. Here are a list of the events, followed by the high scores. If you score higher, send me a screenshot and I’ll add your name/score to the list! Strawberry Dash – 23.2 seconds – iAmAviG Pineapple Tennis – 41 shots – iAmAviG Grape Hurdles – 32 hurdles – iAmAviG Lemon Meet – 95 meters – iAmAviG Berry Golf – 45 seconds – iAmAviG Apple Polo – 21 goals – iAmAviG Coconut BMX – 2953 – iAmAviG Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related This entry was posted in Games, Sports and tagged Fruit Games, Games, Google, Olympics. Bookmark the permalink. ← MasterChef Conundrum Birthday Wishes From All Over – 2016 Edition → 2 responses to “The Google Fruit Games Olympics” Vanessa Bricknell | August 9, 2016 at 8:07 pm | Reply Hi there, I beat your high score for tennis, not sure how to send you a screen shot though. V @iAmAviG | August 9, 2016 at 8:12 pm | Reply Amazing! What score did you get? There has been a submission of 45 so far, from someone that didn’t want theirs posted. Kindly Leave a Reply :) Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Posts Jamestown and Yorktown, Virginia American Civil War Museum, Virginia Red Oaks – Season 2 – #Review Richmond International Raceway – @RIRInsider Inner Harbor – Baltimore Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets Search Search for: Categories Amazon America Books Charity Complaints Customer Service Dating Desert Island Finance Food Games Hulu Kickstarter Magazines Misc Movies Music SOTD Netflix News NYC #FixNYC Obituary Personal Pics Politics Promotions Quotes Reblogged Recipe Religion Review Shopping Social Media Sports All-Time Teams Story Tech The More You Know Thoughts Travels TV Uncategorized Video Year In Review Recent Comments Sara on Desert Island – Mov… Josh on Amazon Prints Calling Emergency Se… on #NYPD Fails On Shift Chan… Amazon Fire HD 8 | A… on Amazon On Deck @iAmAviG on Luke Cage #Review Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google: Unwanted bundled software is way more aggressive than malware Researchers have exposed the questionable practices of the pay-per-install industry behind the lucrative market for unwanted software. By Liam Tung | August 8, 2016 -- 12:02 GMT (05:02 PDT) | Topic: Security Google says ad injectors can impersonate an antivirus alert to scam users into fixing non-existent system issues. Image: Google Google says it issues over 60 million warnings each week to help users avoid installing software that attempts to gain user consent by deception. More security news Catastrophic botnet to smash social media networks in 2017 DoD, HackerOne kick off Hack the Army bug bounty challenge ATM hacks in 'more than a dozen' European countries in 2016: Group IB Windows 10 tip: Keep your Microsoft account secure with 2-factor authentication According to Google, it issues three times as many unwanted software warnings than malware warnings, much of which relates to adware and browser-hijacking software that's been sneakily bundled with legitimate software. Ad affiliate networks know that people rarely read terms and conditions and exploit this failing by burying details about bundled software in the text of their consent form. Consumers may not want the additional software, but their consent allows the affiliate marketer to operate legally. Meanwhile, every new install nets participants up to $1.50, providing plenty of incentive to continue dubious online marketing strategies that at best warp a user's online experience and at worse infect machines with malware. To size up the pay-per-install industry, researchers at Google and the NYU Tandon School of Engineering conducted a year-long study of its multiple players, including the advertisers or software makers that want to buy installs; affiliate networks that connect advertisers with developers of popular apps who are willing to bundle their software for a fee; and website publishers that deliver links to the software bundles. The researchers found the pay-per-install industry has just a few hundred players, but argue its decentralized nature "encourages advertisers to focus solely on monetizing users upon installation and for publishers to maximize conversion, irrespective of the final user experience". "This separation of monetization from distribution allows publishers to focus solely on garnering an audience and driving installs through any means. Consequently, advertisers may have no knowledge of the deceptive techniques that publishers employ to obtain installs, nor what their binary is installed alongside," the paper notes. Over the course of the study, the researchers analysed 446,000 offers related to 843 unique software packages and found that most bundles include ad injectors, browser-setting hijackers, and products that solve bogus problems, otherwise known as scareware. They also found that 59 percent of bundles are flagged by at least one antivirus engine as potentially unwanted, and that some packages are built not to install when the presence of antivirus has been detected. Key security products checked for include ESET, Avast, AVG, McAfee, Avira, and Symantec. However, antivirus also featured in the research as one of the longest-running product categories that use pay-per-install. The main brands employing these methods included AVG Toolbar, LavaSoft ad-aware, Comodo GeekBuddy, and Qihoo 360. Other established users of pay-per-install are software utilities, such as Speechecker, Uniblue, OptimizerPro, and My PC Backup. The researchers also found familiar brands such as Opera, Skype, the Yahoo Toolbar, and AOL Toolbar using pay-per-install. Damon McCoy, an assistant professor of computer science and engineering at NYU Tandon and an author of the study, said the research hopes to draw attention to an industry that covers its deceit with a "thin veil of consent". "We're hoping to expose these business practices so people are less likely to get duped into flooding their computers with programs they never wanted," McCoy said. Read more on this story It's time to ban bloatware, the persistent PC security pest How was this Windows Store app able to download adware to a Windows 10 PC? Google steps up in the war against Android bloatware (TechRepublic) How to remove bloatware (CNET) Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security What's stopping people getting online? A growing fear of hackers Security Twitter tells law enforcement to stop mining tweets for surveillance Security This cheap and nasty ransomware will try to encrypt files across your network and removable drives Security Ransomware abusing encrypted chat app Telegram protocol cracked × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
null
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Local Get the latest news in local search marketing each week. SUBSCRIBE First appearance of ads in Local Pack found in UK mobile search result The configuration showed three organic listings with one ad at the top. Greg Sterling on August 7, 2016 at 2:30 pm More At the SMX Advanced Local Workshop in June, Google confirmed that ads would be appearing in the Local Pack. At the time, it wasn’t clear when this would roll out or whether the ad would replace one of the listings or become a fourth position in the Pack. However, yesterday Ryan Scollon spotted a Local Pack with three organic listings and one ad at the top in a UK mobile search: The screen shot shown at the Local Workshop at SMX Advanced in Seattle had one ad and two organic listings, in contrast to the above. We reached out to Google for a comment but have yet to hear back. My guess is that Google is still testing formats and this isn’t yet a formal rollout. We’ll update this post if we get any statements or new information from Google. If others are seeing these new Four Packs (4Packs) in North America or other markets, let us know. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Related Articles Report: Nearly 60 percent of searches now from mobile devices Google app now delivering restaurant reviews & best-of lists for local searches Google My Business drops ability to edit business description field Expand all your AdWords ads in 30 seconds flat Channel: LocalGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: Maps & Local Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 7 Major Mistakes That Will Derail Your CMS Project 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success What’s Inside the Always-On Brain 10 Ways You Can Use Reviews to Make Your Job Easier See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Demonetisation: Here’s how India could transform itself into a digital economy 12   Comments Microsoft exec calls out Apple on its aging Mac hardware; and he’s right By Anirudh Regidi 7   Comments Why I want to swap my Google Nexus 6P for a OnePlus 3T By Kunal Khullar 6   Comments Narendra Modi app seeks opinion on demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments You will lose your Google account if you sell your Google Pixel device 4   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> This week’s app roundup includes a desi word game, a step down memory lane and more #Apps of the week 0   08 Aug 2016 , 17:05 By Abhilash Pavuluri July goes away and in comes August. What with Google developing a fun game for the Olympics and the release of Suicide Squad, we’re pumped about this week’s app roundup. Read on! Google Doodle Fruit Games The most fun app of the week comes from none other than the great search engine itself, Google. Introducing, the Doodle Fruit games for Android and iOS. Simply install the Google app (or update it if you have the app already) by visiting g.co/fruit and following the link. Then, get playing! The games are based on cute, fruity characters (literally), like a strawberry trying to outrun a watermelon or a spider competing in all-terrain hurdles. There are over seven such mini-games (that will be updated) to choose from, and each has a different fruit and different playing style to it. Some games even make use of your device’s sensors, like the swimming app, where you tilt the phone to navigate. Google also includes some interesting facts about fruits, which is a nice addition. We’re not certain why Google chose fruits as the mascots for their game. Maybe it’s to show that even though each fruit is different, they can all compete as equals in the same sports. Just like people! Download the app for Android and iOS Close Up Character: PicQuiz Movie, cartoon and anime fans rejoice. Now is the time to prove that time spent in watching said shows is not time wasted! Close Up Character is a picture-based quiz where an inset of famous movie/cartoon/anime/manga characters is displayed and the user has to guess the character based on the photo. It begins easily, of course, but moves are limited and as you level up, characters from relatively less-known shows are taken into account as well. There are two modes, a story mode (based on one movie/show) or a free mode, with random characters. Completing each question gives you 10 coins to be used for when you need a hint, and completing a level gives you 30 coins. There’s a wide range of levels to complete, all the way to level 15. So getting bored won’t be an option for most of you! This app was definitely a nostalgia trip for me as I saw similar faces from childhood, like Courage the Cowardly, God and Popeye, and that’s perhaps the best reason we’re recommending this app. Download the app for Android and iOS PMO India Who’d have thought that the prime minister of India would one day have his own app? The PMO app gives you a ‘peek’ into the Prime Minister’s Office and its current missions (like the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan), the official social media handles of the PM (like his Twitter handle) and other such useful features. The app is very neatly laid out with categories for news, social media, image galleries and so on. You can either create an account with MyGov or skip it for later. One entire section of the app is devoted to news on the main screen. The next panel, which has the social feed, shows the PMO’s Twitter handle. You can change this to view the PMO’s Facebook or YouTube feed. You can also change the type of news displayed, with topics ranging from Economics to Social welfare and the like. It’s nice to see apps like these from the government which provide an insight into one of the most influential persons in the country. We’re glad that they took the initiative upon themselves, which is why we recommend you try it out. Download the app for Android Jiyo Jiyo takes its name literally: meaning “wellness” in Hindi, Jiyo is a health and well-being app launched by the well-known Deepak Chopra, who is a big proponent of the alternative health movement. Jiyo provides you with alternative health advice, ‘tracks’ your well-being with support for third-party fitness devices and provides articles or news by some of the best known health experts around the world. The app requires a login with Google or Facebook (or creating a new account) and then you have the option of connecting a fitness device to monitor your health. It then provides you with stats (in a section called Bit By Demand) as to how best improve your lifestyle, such as meditating after a hard day at work, stretching after being seated for a long time and so on. There is a well-being section called Jiyo+ that categorizes different activities, such as sleeping, eating, or exercise. And each of these sections has related articles from experts that are regularly updated as well. However, this is a paid-for service, with subscription options for each channel beginning at Rs 120. While the app can lag quite a few times and navigating through it is a bit of a hassle, Jiyo is an incredibly useful app for those seeking a lifestyle change. Download the app for Android Jalebi : The Desi word game We end this app review with another word game. Jalebi is an app from our own country that can be played in different Indian languages. While the questions themselves are the usual general knowledge questions, the fact that you can play them in say, Marathi or Kannada is the interesting part. Finding the answers in one’s vernacular can be quite challenging sometimes. Each language has its own set of questions. So the Marathi or Kannada quizzes will be different from each other in terms of questions. There is also a challenge mode where you beat the clock to get all the answers right. There is a time limit that keeps increasing by three seconds as you get the answers right. Download the app for Android Tags: Apps, Apps of the week, Google Doodle Fruit Games, Jalebi, Jiyo app, PMO India app, Tech2.apps, Weekly apps Also read Mobile streaming apps like Facebook Live and Periscope to catalyse new privacy laws Report shows people spend 80 percent of the time on just 5 apps X Recommended For You Malware allows hackers to use headphones as microphones to spy on you CES 2017: Xiaomi to launch a global ‘innovative’ product at its CES debut in 2017 Over forty percent of the population in India does not own even a basic feature phone: ITU report Demonetisation: Transaction fee on card payments and railway e-tickets waived till 31 December Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #AR Nov 23, 2016 Head mounted augmented reality glasses not safe for use while driving: Study #Flipkart Nov 23, 2016 Flipkart has sold more than 1 million Xiaomi Redmi 3S in less than 4 months #Trupay Nov 23, 2016 State Bank of India and HDFC Bank now support Trupay UPI payments #Facebook Nov 23, 2016 Facebook India believes the world is already mobile, and is working to further its growth #Adobe Nov 23, 2016 Adobe Acrobat Reader mobile app updates with new scanning feature SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
null
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Christmas appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Comment Comment Joy Lo Dico: The free-information model can’t work for everyone Joy Lo Dico Monday 8 August 2016 11:45 BST Tightening up: iPlayer viewers will have to pay the licence fee to watch shows Shutterstock / antb Do you remember the halcyon days of free? When AOL, with its monthly membership fee, was killed off by Google’s free email service, when The Guardian rolled out its journalism online without even asking you for a penny, when your flights to Europe were heading towards nothing in price as the skies opened up to easyJet and Ryanair?  “Free” has been the mantra of this millennium, born of the internet generation off the back of tech visionary Stewart Brand’s declaration that “information wants to be free” and giving birth to the internet, whose early outings were in online academic resources, alternative software and pirated music.  But is the end of free nigh? One of its great British pioneers was The Guardian. For 15 years under Alan Rusbridger it spearheaded an open journalism agenda globally but as its own financial black hole widened, Rusbridger’s successor, Kath Viner, now concedes charging may be the way forward.  The BBC is also shifting. It was never “free” as such, but while the older generation dutifully paid a licence fee, a younger generation brought up on iPads have spent evenings watching on iPlayer, with no obligation to pay for catch-up telly. The BBC itself didn’t even put a lock on the live stuff, a tacit welcoming of access for all. As of September, the catch-up loophole, made for the age of VHS, is being closed and all will have to pay to be able to log on. The ideologue of free was Chris Anderson, editor of Wired magazine. In his 2009 book Free: The Future of a Radical Price, he argued that because doing business was so cheap online, prices were under a gravitational force heading towards zero, so you might as well create a business model around the concept of giving away free stuff, then add voluntary bells and whistles to make the business tick. See Ryanair for a real-world example, or YouTube. The rush of customers looking for the free stuff would create the audience.  Read more BBC iPlayer viewers must pay licence fee to watch shows from September Much has come true of Anderson’s predictions but with a different flavour. The big market is now in subscriptions — see Netflix, Amazon Prime and Spotify, or for accounting services such as Xero. You can’t live for free for long on the internet if you want something more than cat videos. One of the best examples of this is Anderson’s own book, which went on sale in 2009 for $29.99 in the US but, in keeping with its own philosophy, was also made available for all with no price tag via Scribd, for the written word, and Audible, for audio. No more: both sites require a freemium sign-up with credit card details up front.  Free is a high ideal. It works for Google because it is a gateway portal for the Western word. It works for Facebook because it has cornered specific groups of people with targeted advertising.   But the ideal has hit some harsh economic realities, which is why The Guardian is on the verge of capitulating to an online pricing mechanism and why the BBC, which had resisted slapping a passcode on the iPlayer, will have yielded to the Government’s demand for a tighter regime with some relief. Indeed, for both The Guardian and the BBC, people online are actively asking for subscription models to pay.  Before bemoaning a new life of tariffs, it might be wise to remember the other half of the Stewart Brand quote: information also “wants to be expensive, because it’s so valuable. The right information in the right place just changes your life.” More about: BBC Google The Guardian Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals XboxOneBlackFridayDeals Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Android Apps/ Google Says Goodbye to Android Wear's 'Together' Watch Face Google Says Goodbye to Android Wear's 'Together' Watch Face By David Murphy August 7, 2016 06:55pm EST 10 Comments Google is getting rid of Together in late September, since Android Wear 2.0 has a few (semi-)similar features. We hope you haven't become attached to your Android Wear device's "Together" watch face because, soon, you two will be together no more. According to the update that brings Android Wear to version 1.5.0.308, Together will be going away with Android Wear 2.0. Google isn't killing some of Together's features per se, but there's just no need for a separate watch face when bits and pieces of Together are going right into the big Android Wear update anyway. "With the release of Android Wear 2.0, many of the best features of Together will be integrated directly into the platform so you can connect with more people using your favorite messaging services. In addition to emoji, you'll be able to use Smart Reply, keyboard, or handwriting on the watch screen," reads Google's announcement. "You'll also be able to customize a number of different watch faces with useful data from your favorite apps." For the non-Android-using among you (or those who never got a chance to dabble with Together), the feature allowed Android Wear users to link their devices together. They could then use their watches to send each other little messagesdrawings, reallyor tiny updates regarding whatever activities they were currently performing. Users could also send their friends emoji, stickers, or photos (so long as the photo was one of the ten most recent ones a person shot with a paired Android device). Together is scheduled to depart on September 30, but that doesn't necessarily mean that Android Wear 2.0 is going to arrive on October 1. So far, Android Wear 2.0 is scheduled for a fall release, but Google hasn't been more specific about the update's release schedule. //Related Articles Hands On With Android Wear 2.0 When it arrives, Android Wear 2.0 will allow users to send out little notes that you handwrite on the smartwatch itself (and hope that your device can recognize what you're trying to say). You can also swipe through a tiny keyboard to pick letters to form your messages, or select from three pre-written messages if you just need to quickly reply to someone while you're otherwise engaged in something else. That's not quite as fun as the features found in Together, but it's something, at least. One downer, as Android Police notes, is that those running first-generation smartwatches not scheduled to receive the Android Wear 2.0 update will be out of luck, since they won't receive some these communication-themed updates and they will no longer be able to use Together to talk to their friends. "Thanks for using Together. We have had some great feedback and used this to make Android Wear 2.0 the best way to stay connected with the people you care about most," reads Google's announcement. Back to top Previous : BlackBerry Hub+ Arrives on Android Beta Testers 'Explore Interests' in Google Now Next : By David Murphy Freelancer David Murphy got his first real taste of technology journalism when he arrived at PC Magazine as an intern in 2005. A three-month gig turned to six months, six months turned to occasional freelance assignments, and he has since rejoined his tech-loving, mostly New York-based friends as one of PCMag.com's news contributors. His rise to (self-described) fame in the world of tech journalism began during his stint as an associate editor at Maximum PC, where his love of cardboard-based PC construction and meetings put him in... More » More Stories by David ComScore: Half of All Smartphone Time is Spent on Apps There's an app for everything, and it seems that more people are turning to their smartphone apps fo... More » Firewatch Comes to Xbox One Sept. 21 Xbox One gamers will get to play the game's new free-roam mode before anybody else. More » Report: Daimler Targets Tesla with 69 New Electric Vehicles by 2024 Daimler has fired up its research and development for premium electric cars, in the hopes that it ca... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Tech News Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Aug 8 2016, 6:34 am ET Google's Self-Driving Car Guru Announces He's Leaving by Reuters Share Share Tweet Share Email Print advertisement Chris Urmson, who was instrumental in building Google's self-driving car project, said on Friday he is leaving the team after seven and a half years. Alphabet's Google had named Urmson chief technical officer of the project after it hired former Hyundai executive John Krafcik to be chief executive of the project. Chris Urmson, Director of the Self Driving Cars Project at Google, speaks to the media during a preview of Google's prototype autonomous vehicles in Mountain View, California September 29, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage/File Photo Urmson, who joined the project when it was launched and has been a public face of Google's autonomous vehicle efforts, testified before a U.S. Senate panel on autonomous cars in March. Krafcik confirmed Urmson's departure in a tweet on Friday afternoon. Urmson wrote in a blog post that he was "ready for a fresh challenge." He said he was not sure what he would do next. "Going to take some time and get some perspective from outside of Google," he wrote in a text message to Reuters. Urmson told Reuters earlier this year that self-driving cars are coming. "I've gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen," Urmson said. Google self-driving car project spokesman Johnny Luu confirmed Urmson's departure and praised him. "Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn't much more than an idea. Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality," Luu said. Google's project has had other significant departures, even as it has hired dozens of new employees. Earlier this year, Anthony Levandowski, who was product manager for Google's self-driving car program, left the project to co-found a startup with two other former Google employees. Google's self-driving car project is expected to become a standalone company this year. In July, the project appointed its first general counsel. "I've gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen," Urmson said. Google has logged more than 1.8 million miles of autonomous driving in testing in Texas, California, Arizona and Washington state. It has said it has no timetable for making self-driving vehicles available to the public. Officials have said Google is preparing to make its self-driving car unit a separate company. The program is now part of its X research laboratory unit. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Fax Machines in Cars? That's What We Wanted in the 1990s 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/469914691831" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "The self-driving car project is in the middle of graduating from X and this is sort of a gradual process," Astro Teller, who heads the X program, told NBC News in April. Related: Road Drones: Self Driving Trucks Cross Europe In May, Google and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV said they had agreed to work together to build a fleet of nearly 100 self-driving minivans, the first time a Silicon Valley firm had teamed up with a traditional carmaker to develop an autonomous vehicle. In March, Reuters reported Google's self-driving car team was expanding and hiring more people with automotive industry expertise, underscoring the company's determination to move the division past the experimental stage. Reuters Topics Tech News First Published Aug 8 2016, 6:34 am ET Next Story Relax! We Have Your Guide to a Tech-ed Out Turkey Day advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis Top Programs That Can Make Your Computer Run Faster Windows Top Programs That Can Make Your Computer Run Faster Ben Stegner Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Spending Too Much Money? Google’s Budgets Will Save You Finance Internet Spending Too Much Money? Google’s Budgets Will Save You Joel Lee August 8, 2016 08-08-2016 1 minute Spending Too Much Money? Google’s Budgets Will Save You Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google If you use Google Drive at all, you might be surprised to find that you can import tons of user-created templates and tools 10 Money Management Tools Inside Google Drive You Should Use Today 10 Money Management Tools Inside Google Drive You Should Use Today The problem with money is that if you don't manage it, you end up without it. How about some useful money management tools to help you get started right inside your Google Drive account? Read More that can make your life easier and set you on the path towards success. But did you know that Google provides several templates of their own for you to use? Indeed, when creating a new spreadsheet in Google Sheets, you’ll find templates for a Monthly Budget and an Annual Budget — and they’re both excellent. The nice thing about these templates is that Google has done all of the work for you: the formulas, the layout, the aesthetics, etc. All you have to do is input your numbers and the spreadsheet will tell you everything you need to know. For the Monthly Budget, you’ll need to create a new sheet for every new month that rolls around. You can then feed that information into the Annual Budget, which you only need to create once per year. Very easy, very helpful, very effective — especially for getting out of debt How to Get Rich: The Fastest Way to Get Out of Debt How to Get Rich: The Fastest Way to Get Out of Debt Imagine being debt free. No overdrawn balances or unpaid bills. There is a foolproof way of getting yourself out of debt. It starts with a plan and some discipline. Let's visit the other ingredients. Read More ! Ads by Google Supplement these with some basic personal finance knowledge Simply Frugal: How To Learn Personal Finance The Easy Way Simply Frugal: How To Learn Personal Finance The Easy Way Do you fret over bills and debt on a regular basis? Do you feel lost when others speak using financial lingo? Here's the good news: it's never too late to learn about money. Read More and one or two podcasts that’ll help you save money 10 Podcasts That'll Help You Save Money & Get Out of Debt 10 Podcasts That'll Help You Save Money & Get Out of Debt There are a lot of money-related podcasts out there, but these 10 are the best for helping you get out of debt and master your money. Read More and you’ll soon find yourself in full control of your finances. How do you like these budget templates? If you don’t like them, what do you use for tracking your finances? Let us know in the comments. Previous Post3 Helpful Websites for Quick Info About Your ComputerNext PostThe 10 Best Skillshare Classes You Should Take This Year 7 comments Write a Comment Scott August 9, 2016 at 7:57 pm Where are the links to these sheets? There are no links provided. Reply Joel Lee August 19, 2016 at 7:35 pm Sorry Scott! Go to Google Sheets (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/) and look for "Start a new spreadsheet", click "More", and you should see them under the Personal section. Reply mauro August 8, 2016 at 2:24 pm Where are those templates? Monthly Budget and an Annual Budget Reply Troy Choi August 9, 2016 at 8:42 am u can just goodle the templates name to find them.^^ Reply Mauro August 9, 2016 at 10:10 am Really!! Woooow, you blow my mind... ? Reply Peter Buyze August 8, 2016 at 11:31 am I have tried some non-Google templates & found them wanting. I know a template is a type of general guide which you have to fine-tune to your own situation. But if too much fine-tuning is required, or if the possibilities for fine-tuning or amendments are too limited, then the template is not useful. Having said that, I cannot speak for Google templates. Personally I found that using an Excel table for records & creating 1 or several pivot table(s) or even Power Pivot on that basis, I have maximum flexibility & get to see exactly what & the way I want to see it. I know people scare away from pivot tables, as I did, but then I decided to do a deep dive & came away smiling over how simple it really is. It also means I keep my financial data confidential instead of Google or MS or whoever drooling all over them, but that too is a personal choice. Reply Joel Lee August 19, 2016 at 7:36 pm Yeah you have a point. Mostly I just use templates to give me an idea of how to organize/start a sheet, though if it's good I'll just use it as is. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Joel Lee 1375 articles Joel Lee is a writer from Philadelphia and the Tech Explained editor. In his free time he dabbles in fiction, photography, and game development. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Kannon Yamada November 22, 2016 22-11-2016 Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Killing Off 'Together' On Sept. 30, Making Way For Android Wear 2.0 8 August 2016, 1:13 am EDT By Vincent Lanaria Tech Times Google is closing down the popular watch face for Android Wear Together on Sept. 30, paving the way for the anticipated 2.0 update that will offer features similar to the app's.  ( Justin Sullivan | Getty Images ) Advertisement Google is going to shut down the Together watch face for Android Wear on Sept. 30, and it's largely because of the upcoming 2.0 update. The news came out as an embedded notification when version 1.5.0.308 started to roll out, bidding adieu to the app. Even though Together is going away at the end of next month, some of its features are going to remain, including a couple of fan favorites, which the announcement listed down. "With the release of Android Wear 2.0, many of the best features of Together will be integrated directly into the platform so you can connect with more people using your favorite messaging services. In addition to emoji, you'll be able to use Smart Reply, keyboard or handwriting on the watch screen," Google says, according to Android Police. Just to be clear, the reason why the popular watch face is going to disappear is because of the similar offerings that Android Wear 2.0 has in store, making it more or less obsolete. For those who aren't that familiar with Together, it's an app that connects users with their friends and family who also have it installed, allowing them to send emojis, stickers, doodles and photos and even share activities to one another. As for the exact release date of the Android Wear update, it's still unclear, and this is probably not a strong indication of an Oct. 1 release. Google only says that it's slated to arrive sometime this fall, and other than that, details are sparse at best, not to mention that there's only two Developer Previews to date. In other words, anyone's guess is as good as everyone else's at this point. The Mountain View-based company also explained that the 2.0 update will have to go through four milestones and a near-final stage before officially hitting supported smartwatches everywhere. To make matters worse, owners of Android Wear watches that aren't compatible with 2.0 such as the first-generation Moto 360 probably won't be able to use Together anymore beyond Sept. 30 too. That means they're basically going to miss out on the replacement features and lose the current ones too, but there's a small possibility that Google has something up its sleeve for them, or else there might be heck to pay. What do you think of Together saying good-bye in couple of weeks' time? Feel free to hit us up in the comments section below and let us know. TAG Google, Android Wear, Android Wear 2.0, Smartwatches © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Waterproof Polar M600 Android Wear Fitness Smartwatch Rocks GPS, Music Streaming And More: Pricing And Availability Nexus Smartwatch Renders Show How Google's Android Wear Devices Could Look Like Nexus Smartwatches On The Way? Google Said To Be Working On Its Own Android Wear Devices Beyond The Map: Google Maps Takes You Beyond Rio 2016 Olympics And Into The Heart Of The Favelas Google, Dashlane To Standardize Android Password Managers With 'Open YOLO' - You Only Log In Once From Our Sponsor Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones: Buying Tips If you're out in the market looking to buy wireless headphones, especially active noise cancelling wireless headphones, here's a list of things you should consider. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Close Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The row between Google and review sites is flaring up again Lara O'Reilly Aug. 8, 2016, 5:18 AM 3,385 facebook linkedin twitter email print A flare is seen while Wales fans cheer for the players after the UEFA EURO 2016 semi final match between Portugal and Wales at Stade des Lumieres on July 6, 2016 in Lyon, France. Mike Hewitt/Getty Images For months, review sites including Yelp and TripAdvisor have accused Google of unfairly burying their search results down its search page and instead favoring its own offerings. In November, Google said this was caused by a "bug" and that it was working on a fix, to which Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman responded: "Google is sounding about as truthful as Trump." Now Stoppelman has been given a new reason to complain about Google's practices, Recode reported. Earlier this month, Google launched a new search feature called "must-try," which features a carousel of reviews of restaurants from sites including Zagat, which Google owns, as well as other publishers. The problem, for companies like Yelp and TripAdvisor, is that this feature pushes search results for their site's reviews right down the search results page — and, in some cases, off the first page altogether, as Stoppelman outlined in this tweet: Google monopolist not satisfied with above the fold they've now claimed "page 2" cc @kaufer #byeorganic pic.twitter.com/qGXmt2Z5K5 — Jeremy Stoppelman (@jeremys) August 5, 2016 Stoppelman argues that this is a monopolistic practice because Yelp has "well over 4X" the reviews on this particular business, so its site should be favored over one that Google owns. TripAdvisor CEO Stephen Kaufer also tweeted unfavorably about the new development: If Google would just let users search the web instead of foisting their content upon us... https://t.co/RuoaFLh3I0 — stephen kaufer (@kaufer) August 5, 2016 Google declined to comment. As Recode notes, both TripAdvisor and Yelp are complainants in the European Union's antitrust case against Google, which is looking into whether the search giant deliberately promotes its own products over those of rivals. In 2013, the US Federal Trade Commission dropped its antitrust investigation into Google's search practices. SEE ALSO: Yelp CEO says Google is 'sounding about as truthful as Trump' after search giant blamed a 'bug' for burying rival search results NOW WATCH: Here's why some people have a tiny hole above their ears Loading video... More: Google Yelp TripAdvisor facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The row between Google and review sites is flaring up again The row between Google and review sites is flaring up again For months, review sites including Yelp and... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Advertising Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Advertising Select Advertising: The Brief More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Rail transport Southern rail strike begins – As it happened Five-day strike hits troubled franchise Thousands of commuters set to be affected Explainer: seven factors that threw Southern off the rails Are you striking or are you affected? Updated A picket line opposite Victoria Station in London, as hundreds of thousands of rail passengers face a week of travel chaos because of a five-day strike in an escalating dispute over the role of conductors. Photograph: Jonathan Brady/PA Contribute with Guardian Witness Haroon Siddique , Damien Gayle , Alice Ross and Ben Quinn Monday 8 August 2016 14.45 EDT Last modified on Friday 7 October 2016 07.39 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 7.09am EDT 07:09 London Mayor calls for TfL takeover of Southern Live feed Show 2.44pm EDT 14:44 There’s still no shortage of passion on social media where many, including commuters who have managed to make it home this evening, are continuing to vent their feelings Ian Greer (@Ian_Tex_Greer) Calling a 5 day strike to the misery of 1000s of ppl over who's job it is to open and close a door. Ridiculous and childish #southernstrike August 8, 2016 Tony C (@TCofLondon) Solidarity with the Southern rail workers on strike this week. Fighting to keep the railways safe @RMTunion #southernstrike August 8, 2016 Ben Strivens (@BenStrivens) #southernstrike = emptier more comfortable trains that actually run on time. This is great! Best it's been for years! #irony August 8, 2016 David (@blahblahdave) I worked for Southern many years ago. It was just as shit then as it is now. Don’t blame the workers, blame the bosses! #Southernstrike August 8, 2016 L Walcott-Burton (@LindenWB) .@SouthernRailUK trying 2 say #southernstrike letting down customers... This is Southern on a non-strike normal day: pic.twitter.com/KuvOu7nmgK August 8, 2016 David (@david_fell1) Peak Southern. @Southern_Trains @CroydonGuardian #southernstrike pic.twitter.com/dYA8Pzl9RK August 8, 2016 Updated at 2.45pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.04pm EDT 14:04 Representatives of the RMT and Southern have clashed on BBC London News. Angie Doll, a Southern spokesperson accused the union of being inflexible and said that an offer which the company made to the union last week was still on the table. “Five days of industrial action is totally disproportionate for the modest changes that we want to make here. It’s making life unbearable for our passengers and the local economy and the RMT has the ability to call the strike off at any stage.” Asked if Southern was being advised by the government, Doll said no and that any “conversations” were around the company’s own executive board. Referring to the plans for drivers, rather than conductors, to operate carriage doors, she said that this was a safe plan which would “free up” staff to provide a better service. Paul Cox from the RMT insisted that the strike was about safety, saying: “it’s about stopping the degrading of safety on the railways. Enough is enough. No more driver led operations.” He said that the months of disruption preceding the strike were because a “basket case” company was unable to run a functioning train service. “That is not related to the dispute. All the evidence that is required is there. They [Southern] should have that service taken from them and the mayor should get it or go to a directly operated rail service.” Passengers on a Southern train at Victoria Station, London. Photograph: Will Oliver/EPA Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.44pm EDT 13:44 Evening commuters have been sharing their experiences, which include some images like this: Danny Jeremiah (@DannyJeremiah) Haywards Heath absolutely dead right in the middle of rush hour #southernstrike pic.twitter.com/v0a9AcER44 August 8, 2016 Rebecca Evans (@CNRebeccaEvans) My #southernstrike train home is on time for the first time in 12 months! Sadly there's hardly anyone here to witness this momentous event August 8, 2016 Angela Clark (@Burgundymouse) Pathetically grateful that there is a train home at London Bridge that hasn't been cancelled #southernrail #strike #southernstrike August 8, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.27pm EDT 13:27 Southern has said that said its strike timetable was still running well as the evening peak approached, with no issues at stations and 88.5% of services on time. But it added that the figure was a manual one compiled by Southern as the company was unable to rely on industry data which was showing inaccurate public performance data due to a systems error. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 Hundreds of Southern Railway trains have been cancelled at the start of a five-day strike by members of the RMT. The union said the strike was “rock solid”. Southern’s owner, Govia Thameslink Railway (GTR), said that 60% of its normal service was running and nine out of 10 trains on an emergency timetable ran on time. But passengers complained of packed trains. GTR apologised to commuters to passengers, describing the strike as “completely unjustified”. The prime minister’s official spokeswoman said Theresa May “strongly condemns” the strike, but Labour claimed it was becoming increasingly clear that the government was a barrier to resolving the dispute. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.04pm EDT 12:04 Oh dear, this is a government press officer tweeting: PressOfficePeter (@PressOfficeMan) Some pushing and shoving at London Bridge. Infamous platform 10: narrow. Seat again. SFSG #southernstrike August 8, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.00pm EDT 12:00 Stagecoach is running extra services because of the Southern Rail strike. Stagecoach SouthEast (@StagecoachSE) #Eastbourne There will be additional #Wave99 departures towards #Hastings at 16:50, 17:10 and 17:35 due to the #southernstrike. August 8, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.30am EDT 11:30 Channel 5 tried to conduct an interview with Southern Rail’s passenger services director Alex Foulds in Brighton but kept getting interrupted by angry commuters. 5News (@5_News) Video - Angry commuters in #Brighton interrupt our interview with @SouthernRailUK over #southernstrikehttps://t.co/3pxMD6D5Na August 8, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.09am EDT 11:09 Some Southern commuters have said the weeks of disruption and delays on the network have put their jobs at risk - see, for example, Sam Gyimah MP’s letter to Govia Thameslink CEO Charles Horton last month. But is it really legal to sack someone for the misfortune of living on a failing rail line? Yes, says employment lawyer Aye Limbin-Glassey, a partner at Shakespeare Martineau. “If an employee is regularly late to work, due to known disruptions, as has been the case for Southern Rail commuters affected by consistently poor services over the past few months, failing to find alternative travel arrangements could lead employers to take action arising from persistent lateness.” During the strike, bosses are within their rights to discipline employees who persistently arrive late, but they do so at their peril, Limbin-Glassey says. “They should avoid jumping to conclusions as this could lead to counter-claims.” Instead, they should make it clear what employees are expected to do and offer alternatives such as working from home or shift working, to reduce the impact on their businesses. It’s also important that each employee knows who they should report to if they do experience disruption, she adds. There’s not much employers who are left out of pocket by industrial action can do to recoup the costs, says Limbin-Glassey: instead, their focus should be on making arrangements so that there’s as little disruption to the business as possible. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.01am EDT 11:01 The TUC leader has tweeted her support for the industrial action: Frances O'Grady (@FrancesOGrady) #Southern is an utter mess. Time for @SouthernRailUK to sit down with unions and come to a resolution on this, as happened in Scotland. August 8, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.52am EDT 10:52 Southern’s operator and the RMT union are at loggerheads, but where is the Department for Transport in today’s headlines? Saturday’s Brighton Argus ran an eye-catching blank page highlighting its absence, saying it had “cleared the page” for transport secretary Chris Grayling to explain what actions he would be taking to resolve the mess - but answer came there none. The Argus’s editor Mike Gilson has written an excoriating op-ed shedding light on - and throwing some serious shade at - the Department for Transport’s failure to fix things. The full piece is here Updated at 11.11am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 4 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Rail transport Transport Commuting Southern Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content More on this story Southern rail crisis: £20m fund announced to tackle problems Government institutes new board to address issues on troubled rail network, but RMT walkout still to go ahead Published: 1 Sep 2016 Southern rail crisis: £20m fund announced to tackle problems Southern rail staff to stage 48-hour strike over role of guards RMT union announces members will walk out on 7 and 8 September amid dispute over driver-only train operation Published: 23 Aug 2016 Southern rail staff to stage 48-hour strike over role of guards Staff at parent company of Southern rail to vote on strike action TSSA says Govia Thameslink Railway plans to close or partially close more than 80 ticket offices and cut more than 40 staff Published: 19 Aug 2016 Staff at parent company of Southern rail to vote on strike action View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Southern rail crisis: £20m fund announced to tackle problems Government institutes new board to address issues on troubled rail network, but RMT walkout still to go ahead Published: 1 Sep 2016 Southern rail crisis: £20m fund announced to tackle problems Southern rail staff to stage 48-hour strike over role of guards RMT union announces members will walk out on 7 and 8 September amid dispute over driver-only train operation Published: 23 Aug 2016 Southern rail staff to stage 48-hour strike over role of guards Staff at parent company of Southern rail to vote on strike action TSSA says Govia Thameslink Railway plans to close or partially close more than 80 ticket offices and cut more than 40 staff Published: 19 Aug 2016 Staff at parent company of Southern rail to vote on strike action Southern rail dispute: train firm boss accuses union of misleading staff Govia Thameslink Railway chief, Charles Horton, blames union’s ‘intransigent and self-interested attitude’ for collapse of talks Published: 10 Aug 2016 Southern rail dispute: train firm boss accuses union of misleading staff Southern rail strike: day two of commuter misery amid war of words Published: 9 Aug 2016 Southern rail strike: day two of commuter misery amid war of words Southern rail dispute: Thursday and Friday strikes called off Published: 10 Aug 2016 Southern rail dispute: Thursday and Friday strikes called off Are you striking or are you affected by the Southern rail industrial action? Published: 8 Aug 2016 Are you striking or are you affected by the Southern rail industrial action? Southern trains crisis: seven factors that threw services off the rails Published: 8 Aug 2016 Southern trains crisis: seven factors that threw services off the rails More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world selected UK selected europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › UK News › Rail transport Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Wednesday, November 23, 2016, 11:40 a.m. Home / Business / China market getting tough for U.S. firms Tech giants like Uber find local now competition stiff By CHRISTINA LARSON BLOOMBERG NEWS This article was published August 8, 2016 at 2:12 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Not so long ago, American tech giants viewed China as theirs for the taking: 1.4 billion people, a growing middle class, an affinity for American pop culture from Titanic and Friends to Michael Jackson. And, apparently, a tendency to see U.S. goods and services as attractive or superior. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: China market getting tough for U.S. firms Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business NEWS IN BRIEF Company acquires Arkansas Oklahoma Gas Corp. In $3.3B deal, Wal-Mart to buy Jet.com in hop... Dairy Queen says Arkansas ripe for expansion China market getting tough for U.S. firms Facebook lab more machine shop In games, player decisions twist plots Time Warner acquires $583M stake in Hulu Program lets computer users 'chat' with WWI A... More Business stories > Comments on: China market getting tough for U.S. firms To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Shots fired into car in Little Rock kill 2-year-old (9 comments) BRUMMETT ONLINE: It’s Bubba time (12 comments) Trump backs off vow to prosecute Clinton (3 comments) RAZORBACKS REPORT: Missouri LB mocks Arkansas (2 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: A long, hard way back (40 comments) Trump rethinks need for torture (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Some Nexus 5X, 6P chargers reported to be unsafe, not up to spec JC Torres - Aug 8, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit USB Type C, or simply USB-C, is the hot new standard for data and power connections on mobile devices, sometimes even laptops like the Apple MacBook. Although not yet adopted universally, it is becoming more widespread in each new product launch. That means that a bunch of new accessories, including chargers, have popped up almost out of nowhere. Sadly, it also means that not everyone gets the spec right, resulting in sometimes very dangerous consequences, as reported by Redditor Nathan-K. This isn’t the first time we’ve heard of USB-C accessories gone bad. Google engineer Benson Leung has seemingly made it his life’s mission to sift through faulty USB-C cables on the market, especially on Amazon, and call them out. Even if “them” is Chinese startup OnePlus, who previously offered refunds for their USB-C cables and adapters. Nathan-K is doing something similar but limits his investigation, and burnt electronics, to Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P chargers. To be perfectly clear, the chargers he tests aren’t the ones made by Google, but some other Redditors report seeing the same symptoms from chargers bought from Google’s own Store. Either way, the gist is that third party chargers for these two smartphones are reported to be not accurately complying with the USB-C spec, or sometimes using very shoddy manufacturing. Not complying with rules might sound like a small offense to some, but not when you’re dealing with electricity and electronics. In some instances, the charger courses full power through the cable, regardless of what’s attached on the other end, which could end up to be a fire hazard. On the one hand, it is yet another cautionary tale of ensuring you are using the accessories, especially chargers and cables, that ship with your device. On the other hand, however, this situation practically makes the USB-C standard moot, as it means, once again, that each vendor would lock consumers into using only their own made products instead of being able to trust third party manufacturers that are judiciously complying with standards. VIA:Reddit Tags AndroidChargerNexus 5XNexus 6PPhonessmartphoneUSB-C Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines 2016 is saved as Microsoft Solitaire hits iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 The government wants to cripple your phone while driving Nov 23, 2016 Blizzard Black Friday 2016 sale includes Warcraft, Overwatch deals Nov 23, 2016 How to stream the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade 2016 live Nov 23, 2016 Rocket League Game of the Year Edition drives onto PS4 and PC Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us EYE ON L.A. Eye on L.A. uncovers cool sites in city Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7.com/video/embed/?pid=1440491" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> We love to uncover cool stuff all over L.A. and with 34,135 square miles to cover, there's definitely going to be some things that make you scratch your head and wonder. KABC By Tina Malave Sunday, October 30, 2016 LOS ANGELES (KABC) -- We love to uncover cool stuff all over Los Angeles and with 34,135 square miles to cover, there's definitely going to be some things that make you scratch your head and wonder. From the Ballerina Clown in Venice and Google Binocular Offices to the Chandelier Tree and Lakeside Cafe in the middle of the city, have you ever asked "What is that?!" Ballerina Clown Installed by artist Jonathan Borofsky in 1989, this sculpture is a real representation of the sort of wacky and fun loving people you're bound to see at Venice Beach. Standing at 30 feet tall, this kicking piece of public art is something you have to see. Check it out at the corner of Rose Avenue & Main Street in Venice. Google Binocular Offices Have you ever seen those giant binoculars on Main Street in Santa Monica? Well, the building was designed by famed architect Frank Gehry and the giant binoculars that front it were created by artists Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen. The facility is now the L.A. home to Google and 500 employees. The offices are located at 340 Main St. in Los Angeles. Chandelier Tree As the sun goes down for the rest of Silver Lake, there's one neighborhood that gets a little bit brighter at night. You might ask what is that Chandelier Tree? It's one man's way of honoring nature in his community. 2811 W Silver Lake Dr. Los Angeles, CA 90039 https://www.facebook.com/ChandelierTree/ St. Vincent's Court A European alley in the middle of Los Angeles? Enjoy cafes and more as you feel like you're on a quaint French street. Check it out in the middle of the Downtown L.A. Jewelry District, off of Hill St. and 7th St. To learn more about downtown Los Angeles and to book a walking tour visit: https://www.laconservancy.org/ Lakeside Cafe Driving through Encino, you may have come across the Lakeside Cafe in the middle of Ventura Blvd., and wondered, "What is that?" Get back to nature and enjoy a peaceful lunch in the big city, where they serve up local and organic foods. http://www.lakesidecafe.com/ Camera Obscura Camera Obscura is Latin for "dark room." The Camera Obscura in Santa Monica became a popular seaside attraction in 1898. Considered to be one of the earliest optical inventions, it documented life on Santa Monica beach with a lens and mirror projecting an image onto a disk, for 50 years. In 1955, it was installed in the Senior Recreation Center on Ocean Avenue, where it still stands today. Camera Obscura is located at 1450 Ocean Ave. in Santa Monica. Graff Lab There are plenty of murals and lots of graffiti in L.A. But there's a piece of street art in L.A.'s Pico Union District that caught our eye and made us wonder, "What is that?" The Graff Lab is an urban sanctuary for artists, kids, and adults which opened after the Los Angeles public school district cut its after-school art programs in 2006. World famous for its graffiti and aerosol art, the Graff Lab is dedicated to providing artists with a safe space to develop their skills. They also offer free tutoring and counseling in addition to free dance and music lessons. http://www.thegrafflab.com/ Little Free Library Adorable little boxes are popping up all over the country that might have you wondering, "what is that?!" It's the Little Free Library, a network designed to pay it forward and promote literacy. To find a Little Free Library near you or to start your own Little Free Library, click here: https://littlefreelibrary.org/ Skyspace You won't get to experience a view like this anywhere else in the city. Take to the sky with Skyspace, 70 stories up in the air, at the tallest open-air observation deck in California on the tallest building west of the Mississippi. And don't forget the Skyslide. Ticket and other info here: https://www.skyspace-la.com/ Shatterproof Rappelling Rappelling down the side of a skyscraper in L.A. isn't just something people do for fun, they do it for a cause. The Shatterproof Foundation was founded to help people fight the disease of addiction. To take part in the next Shatterproof Rappel Challenge and for resources and more information about addiction visit: http://www.shatterproof.org/ Be sure to "LIKE" Eye on L.A and host Tina Malave on Facebook and follow us on Twitter and Instagram! www.facebook.com/EyeOnLA www.facebook.com/ABC7Tina Twitter: @EyeOnLA Twitter: @ABC7Tina Instagram: @ABC7EyeOnLA Related Topics: societyeye on l.a.artfooddance Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 KABC-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. EYE ON L.A. Eye on L.A. explores West Coast culture impacts Eye on L.A. looks at the shops and sights of Ventura Boulevard Eye on L.A. looks at spooky Halloween fun around SoCal Eye on L.A. goes back to school More eye on l.a. SOCIETY Here's the winter-ful holiday programming coming your way on ABC 8 things you can do instead of shop on Black Friday Children's Hospital Los Angeles partners with Lyft EJ Jackson's turkey giveaway lives on to continue philanthropist's vision How do astronauts celebrate Thanksgiving? More Society Top Stories 2.3M to pass through LAX during Thanksgiving travel period 3 men fatally shot at park in Compton; motive unknown Couple found shot to death in LB home was possible murder-suicide Video captures last moments of slain pregnant woman in Venice Cat named Fat Boy rescued after days atop power pole in Fresno VIDEO: Firefighters rescue dog from burning home in Riverside Trump picks Gov. Nikki Haley for ambassador to United Nations Show More Man shoots 2 women, child before turning gun on himself in SLA Blue-haired woman caught tagging DTLA landmarks arrested Teacher killed by suspected drunk driver in South Gate Theft suspect sought in attack of 90-year-old man in Culver City Family pleads driver in Jefferson Park hit-and-run to come forward More News Top Video Cat named Fat Boy rescued after days atop power pole in Fresno 2.3M to pass through LAX during Thanksgiving travel period 3 men fatally shot at park in Compton; motive unknown Couple found shot to death in LB home was possible murder-suicide More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters China Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Winners and losers in the hunt for Pokémon success  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›China Business THE VIEW The View by Cathy Holcombe Winners and losers in the hunt for Pokémon success Google Maps, widely utilised by players, seen as big beneficiary, but Twitter and YouTube usage plunge more than 10pc in weeks after blockbuster’s release PUBLISHED : Monday, 08 August, 2016, 11:27am UPDATED : Monday, 08 August, 2016, 10:34pm Comments:   Cathy Holcombe Share PrintEmail Pokémon Go characters are everywhere, giving players of the augmented reality game the satisfaction of constant small victories. But it might prove trickier to hunt down the corporate creatures that are raking in the most cash flows from the game’s smash success. Nintendo, with its 32 per cent stake in The Pokémon Company, is the most obvious winner, but its shares have soared and some analysts believe they are now overvalued. Morgan Stanley, for example, has an 18,000-yen (US$176.70) price target on Nintendo shares, compared to Friday’s closing price of 21,875 yen. Besides its direct equity exposure, Nintendo will also soon begin selling related Pokémon hardware, and stands to benefit in other ways. Indeed, some believe that Nintendo is downplaying the potential total benefits from the Pokémon craze. Why would Nintendo do this? Perhaps to engineer a future upside surprise in earnings. “They want to beat [estimates] for once,” said Travis Lundy, an independent insight provider, in a trading view published by research marketplace SmartKarma. Lundy added he is bullish on the game but expects on-going volatility in Nintendo’s share price. Meanwhile, investors are also shaking down the listed universe for other winners and losers of the Pokémon craze. Expected beneficiaries include DeNA, Nintendo’s mobile-game partner, and Apple, which offers the Pokémon app and related services for download. And then there’s Google’s parent, Alphabet, which benefits on many levels, including through Google Maps, a service that is widely utilised as players of the game search for and capture Pokémon characters. Which brings us to the question of mainland China – here Google Maps does not work so well, in part because Google left the country in 2010 in protest against censorship and other policies. So if and when the game is introduced across the country, Nintendo would likely need a Chinese partner to help with location and other related services. In a report published last week, Citi Research analyst Alicia Yap identified the most likely partner candidates. Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent are the three major Chinese internet companies with strong mapping data. However, given that “localisation work for the China market is likely to be very challenging and sophisticated”, the developers of Pokémon Go might seek out a partner with strong gaming research and development experience, and a deep understanding of he gamers’ community in China. Yap estimates that Tencent’s odds of becoming Pokémon Go’s mainland partner are highest, at 50 per cent. This is because Tencent has it all: a mapping service, experience in gaming research development, as well as social network platforms including Weixin and QQ. She assigns a 30 per cent probability that NetEase, with its strong in-house gaming development background and large email base, would win the Pokémon prize. However, if either Baidu or Alibaba’s AutoNavi mapping group took the job, then they would be likely to do this in conjunction with a second Chinese partner that specialized in gaming. Yap gives a 20 per cent probability to this two-partner scenario, and thinks the gaming partner would likely be NetEase. So who are the losers of the Pokémon phenomenon? Twitter and YouTube usage both plunged more than 10 per cent in the weeks after Pokémon’s release, according to estimates by Citibank. Facebook, Instagram and the Google app also took usage hits, though not as severe. If and when Pokémon hits mainland China, (it’s already taking Hong Kong by storm), other digital services and games could similarly suffer. Funnily enough, some of these potential losers are also potential partners: for example, both Tencent and NetEase’s games and other time-consuming online apps could lose users as the country’s wired population tunes into the Pokémon obsession. These complications make it difficult to speculate on which, if any, Chinese companies will benefit the most from Pokémon Go; and of course it is not entirely sure the game will ever officially reach the country at all. China is not the only big market still waiting its turn to join the hunt. South Korean officials are still vetting the game, amid security concerns. Some reports say India will get the game very shortly, leading one Islamic cleric in the country to issue a “fatwa,” or religious prohibition against playing, on concerns that Pokémon enthusiasts will trample holy shrines. Cathy Holcombe is a Hong Kong-based financial reporter This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Winning move More articles by Cathy Holcombe Chinese banks are suddenly being frank about the non-performing loans mystery 7 Nov 2016 - 10:52pm 1 Beijing’s crackdown on wealthy excess puts the US to shame 31 Oct 2016 - 11:26pm 5 Balancing cultural appropriation with good business 24 Oct 2016 - 10:41pm 3   Most Popular Viewed 1 Tax man rejoices as Happy Valley villa buyer hit with HK$90.54 million stamp duty 2 JPMorgan settles bribery case for US$264 million after probe into Chinese hires 3 Modi’s key aide blames poor planning for India’s currency crisis 4 Buyers abandon Hong Kong property contracts as stamp duty bites 5 China’s plan for the Arctic – and a shipping centre to rival Singapore Shared 1 JPMorgan settles bribery case for US$264 million after probe into Chinese hires 2 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 3 Modi’s key aide blames poor planning for India’s currency crisis 4 Tax man rejoices as Happy Valley villa buyer hit with HK$90.54 million stamp duty 5 China’s plan for the Arctic – and a shipping centre to rival Singapore Commented 1 Don’t overestimate Hong Kong’s importance on Beijing’s legislative and governing agenda 2 China’s economy risks being washed aside by a Trump tsunami 3 RIP: Hong Kong’s shopping industry, as e-retailers tighten their grip 4 JPMorgan settles bribery case for US$264 million after probe into Chinese hires 5 Buyers abandon Hong Kong property contracts as stamp duty bites Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China China, US hold joint military drills in Southern China Nov 19th 2016, 8:44pm Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office China More doubts cast over Chinese scientist’s claim of gene editing tool ‘breakthrough’ 17 Nov 2016 - 10:21pm 2 Motoring choices, plug-in hybrid vehicles help to accelerate clean mobility In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Chinese government rebukes US over comments on Hong Kong removal of legislators-elect 17 Nov 2016 - 11:45pm 90 China Trump expected to welcome Chinese investment in US, despite threatening tough tariffs on country’s products 16 Nov 2016 - 8:43am 5 Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 17 Nov 2016 - 11:15am 67 Hong Kong Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup 16 Nov 2016 - 9:11pm 12 Hong Kong Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 15 Nov 2016 - 11:29pm 43 Offbeat The ‘mannequin challenge’ is the latest social media craze Nov 17th 2016, 3:37pm China Booming e-businesses amid tight censorship ... can China have it both ways with the internet? 15 Nov 2016 - 11:28pm 6 Hong Kong HK$14m revamp of Hong Kong Star Ferry looks to make waves with sofas, glass roof and diesel-electric generator 15 Nov 2016 - 10:36pm 7 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Facebook's Audience Network Won't Be a Huge Revenue Driver And that's just fine for investors. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Aug 7, 2016 at 6:23PM Facebook powers all types of ads. Image source: Facebook. A little more than two years ago, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) launched the Facebook Audience Network, or FAN. The ad network extended Facebook ads to other apps, providing app developers a new way to monetize their apps. With over 3 million advertisers working with Facebook, FAN offers developers an opportunity to tap into that huge pipeline of ads. FAN competes directly with Google's AdMob, which has been a boon to the Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) company as more of its revenue comes from mobile. With the recent expansion of FAN to mobile websites, it will also compete against Google's AdSense ads on third-party publishers' websites. These are multibillion-dollar products for Google. But Facebook investors shouldn't expect billions to come pouring in from FAN. Even after reaching a $1 billion run rate in the fourth quarter of last year, Facebook's Audience Network will only add a few hundred million to the company's top line. Here's why. How Facebook reports network revenue Facebook CFO Dave Wehner told investors on the company's second-quarter earnings call that the company is accounting for revenue from FAN on a net basis instead of a gross basis. It won't account for the portion of ad revenue that goes to the publisher at all. This method stands in contrast to Google, which uses gross revenue and then tells investors exactly what its traffic acquisition costs were. For example, last quarter Google's ad network generated $3.7 billion in gross ad revenue, and network members kept 70% or $2.6 billion of that. That $3.7 billion counts toward Google's revenue, and the $2.6 billion counts toward its operating expenses. Under Facebook's accounting, using the $3.7 billion figure, it would have just registered the $1.1 billion in net revenue. Investors will never see the other portion of revenue on Facebook's earnings report unless the company specifically discloses those numbers for some reason. Google is providing a bit more transparency with Alphabet investors by disclosing exactly what percentage of its network revenue it keeps and what it pays out to publishers. Google is generally upfront in its terms with AdSense and AdMob participants in what percentage of revenue it shares, so it's not hurting anything by disclosing those details in its quarterly reports. Facebook is a bit more opaque when it comes to the revenue share with FAN. In its FAQ, Facebook simply says "we cannot commit to a specific revenue share at this point." If it reported its traffic acquisition costs, developers and publishers would have a good idea of whether they're on the high or low end of Facebook's revenue share terms, and that could have negative consequences for Facebook. How this affects investors When it comes down to it, the difference in revenue reporting won't affect Facebook's bottom line. In fact, some investors may prefer the way Facebook reports to the way Google reports its revenue, and it's highly unlikely Facebook will break out its network revenue like Google does. Reporting network revenue on a net basis should have a much smaller impact on Facebook's operating margin than if it reported gross revenue and lumped publishers' revenue share into its cost of revenue. In that way, investors who see a continued increase in revenue don't have to worry whether that revenue is coming from FAN or its owned and operated properties. Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) saw its cost of revenue balloon last year as more of its revenue started coming from its ad network. Forty percent of the increase in Twitter's cost of revenue for 2015 was attributed to increased traffic acquisition costs. Overall cost of revenue grew to 33% of total revenue, compared with 32% in the prior year. Going forward, traffic acquisition costs may have a bigger impact on Twitter's margins as it starts to account for a larger percentage of revenue growth. Facebook investors won't have to worry about that kind of margin dilution because of the way the company is choosing to report its ad network revenue. While it doesn't provide the same transparency as Google or even Twitter, investors don't have to worry about the minimal impact the product is having on the company's top line. This is yet another conservative accounting maneuver from Facebook, as it follows the company's decision to start reporting its results on a GAAP (unadjusted) basis, while its peers continue to use non-GAAP measurements. These conservative moves show confidence in the company's ability to continue growing revenue and earnings at a strong clip for the foreseeable future, with no need to juice numbers with revenue that it never really sees in the first place. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Adam Levy has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Facebook, and Twitter. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Aug 7, 2016 at 6:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $777.13 down $-7.87 (-1.00%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $120.44 down $-1.03 (-0.85%) Twitter NYSE:TWTR $18.20 down $0.43 (-2.31%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $759.31 down $-8.96 (-1.17%) Read More Facebook, Inc. to Buy Back $6 Billion of Its Own Shares: Everything You Need to Know Facebook Now Has 1 Billion Mobile-Only Users Is $6 Billion Just the Beginning of Facebook, Inc.'s Buybacks? Facebook, Inc. Has Had a Terrible Month Can Facebook Continue Growing Earnings? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Prosecutors raid inspection unit controlled by former presidential aide English Cafe > Tech > Mobile & Internet Blue House, lawmakers oppose Google’s push to export map data   Published : 2016-08-08 11:11 Updated : 2016-08-09 09:06 [THE INVESTOR] Google’s attempt to export South Korea’s map data is facing roadblocks despite the soaring popularity of its augmented reality smartphone game “Pokemon Go”, with the government and opposition parties set to block it on national security concerns. The main opposition Minjoo Party of Korea and the second-biggest People’s Party last week urged the government to deny it permission to store detailed map information at its global data center located outside the country. The government has refused to relax restrictions on the mapping service unless Google censors sensitive installations. Relevant agencies will hold a meeting on Aug. 12 with the internet giant. “If the government does a special favor (to Google), it will be violating its own laws and principles,” said Rep. Shin Cheol-yeon of the People’s Party on Aug 4. The opposition parties are planning to raise their objections to the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, which overseas mapping policy. The debate over map data has come to the fore as smartphone users in South Korea are unable to “Pokemon Go,” a GPS-based augmented reality game that involves users roaming the streets to capture virtual monsters. Though the game’s developer and distributor Niantic, a spin-off from Google’s parent Alphabet, has yet to specify the reasons for not making the game available here, industry watchers speculate it is because full-fledged services of Google Maps are not available. South Korea is one of the few places in the world where the mapping service is restricted. Google claims it needs to export Korea’s map information to offer signature functions such as 3-D maps, walking and driving directions and car navigation features. But the government refuted the argument, suggesting that the GPS-based mobile game does not require detailed geographic information to operate properly. “The launch of ‘Pokemon Go’ in South Korea has nothing to do with Google’s request for map data,” an official said. According to South Korean law related to management of map data, geographic information is prohibited from being released overseas without the authorization of the president and transportation Minister, or a consensus among heads of government agencies dealing with security issues. The exception clause was included in 2014 as a part of President Park Geun-hye’s deregulation initiative aiming at improving innovation in business. Encouraged by the amendment, Google last month made a request to the Transport Ministry to access the country’s map information. But the prospect of the negotiations -- with a decision expected to be announced after the meeting on Aug. 12 -- remains to be seen as the government has offered a counter proposal that bothers Google: removal of sensitive facilities in South Korea from the company’s global map images. The government has insisted that the image of key facilities, such as presidential office and military units, should be either blurred or camouflaged because the nations is still technically at war with North Korea and needs to brace for potential security threat. Google, however, said that South Korea cannot be treated differently from other nations. The internet company noted that the Google Maps’ geographic images are virtually the same in all nations and that changing the system in favor of South Korea is difficult thing to do. Google’s domestic competitors have mostly criticized the move. South Korea’s leading search engine Naver’s Chairman Lee Hae-jin urged Google to abide by Korea law, comparing the US company’s request to an attempt to engage in “unfair” business practice. “The point is to ask (Google) to place its server in South Korea, not to block its service altogether,” said the chairman at a press conference on Jul 15. “Google’s technology is advanced enough to run its server here. Just asking the government to change the law doesn’t make sense when they failed to meet their obligations as a business firm,” he said. By Yeo Jun-suk/The Korea Herald (jasonyeo@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Prosecutors raid inspection ... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Companies see net profit ri... 4. Terrorism deaths fall in 20... 5. Controversy over Samsung C&T... 6. Dutch prince encourages Kore... 7. SR offers free SRT tickets f... 8. Samsung seeks new growth in ... 9. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 10. State-run LX expands access ... 1. Anger at Park brings out mis... 2. Viagra was for altitude sick... 3. Justice minister, presidenti... 4. Park's actions warrant impea... 5. K-pop groups soar on Billboa... 6. Korean dramas escape to fant... 7. Recapping a month of Choi s... 8. Jang’s meddling 9. North Korea’s unlikely vent... 10. Controversy over Samsung C&T... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 166 20 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Phoning homes: Google says we're wild about digital real estate apps SAN FRANCISO — People love to search for houses and see values on their smartphone apps, according to research Google unveiled at Inman Connect. Post to Facebook Phoning homes: Google says we're wild about digital real estate apps SAN FRANCISO — People love to search for houses and see values on their smartphone apps, according to research Google unveiled at Inman Connect.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2aREDvu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Phoning homes: Google says we're wild about digital real estate apps Catherine Reagor , The Republic | azcentral.com 12:39 p.m. MST August 7, 2016 People love to search for houses and check out home values on their phones. according to new Google research Guess how much time we spend doing it? Google research found that people spend an average of 55 minutes per visit to real estate apps. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto) Story Highlights Potential homebuyers spent an average of 55 minutes a day on real estate apps and sites, says Google Real estate agents flock to Inman to find out the latest digital real estate trends Scottsdale Realty One agent Jeff Sibbach was named one of the nation's top real estate innovators SAN FRANCISO — It’s official. People love to search for houses and check out home values on their phones. New research from Google unveiled at a major real estate conference this week proves it. OK, that’s no big surprise. But the time we spend on our phones looking at houses is a bit amazing: An average of 55 minutes per visit to real estate apps, according to Google. That figure is based on 1,000 interviews, dozens of surveys and many hours of behavioral tracking. “Customers roll over in the morning and start looking at real estate listings (on their phone),” John Thornton, a partner in Google’s real estate business, told a standing-room only crowd at Inman Connect conference in San Francisco Wednesday. And gone are the days when most people were a little bit scared of buying a home. To wit: About 69 percent of the people Google surveyed said “shopping for real estate was fun” on their phone and online. So fun, that 64 percent kept checking out houses and home values after they purchased a home. People start searching real estate sites an average of three years before they buy, says Google. Only one in five folks checking out real estate apps and websites are actually in the market to buy a home. But the excitement over mobile and online real estate searches and time spent on those sites doesn’t mean all those people are trying to buy or sell homes without agents. AZCENTRAL Fastest-growing group of Phoenix homebuyers? Hispanics And Inman is all about helping real estate agents thrive in the digital market, attracting thousands of them from across the U.S. Hundreds of firms are also here, trying to help agents with everything from mining online digital leads to creating compelling home-tour videos and mastering Snapchat. What to know: Street Scout We needed a better way to understand a home’s value. So we built one. What’s your home worth? Street Scout offers an answer 7 things you need to know about Street Scout Property info wrong on Street Scout? Ask for a recheck StreetScout.com “About 73 percent of homeowners watch videos. Only 4 percent of (real estate) agents shoot videos,” Ben Bacal, an agent with Beverly Hills-based Rodeo Realty and founder of Roofshoot, told a group of real estate folks at Inman. I was at Inman to check out the latest digital and home-buying and -selling trends, as well as to share our new real-time estate data and neighborhood information site Street Scout. Scottsdale Realtor Jeff Sibbach, of Realty ONE Group, was at Inman for its Innovator Awards. He is the only Arizona agent to be one of the 20-plus nominated. “Realtors gave away the keys to the castle,” he told me, referring to listings and other data that can now be found on real estate websites and apps. RELATED: 8 ways to use Street Scout for your real-estate needs “So to reach buyers and sellers, we must innovate, go digital, leverage portals, target SEOs and still go old school with open houses,” he said. “To reach buyers and sellers, (real-estate agents) must innovate, go digital, leverage portals, target SEOs and still go old school with open houses.”Jeff Sibbach, Scottsdale realtor Sibbich’s real estate website drew 166,000 visitors last year. “We do things real estate websites can’t tell buyers or sellers,” Sibbach’s business partner Phil Sexton explained. “We help people prepare homes for sale. A homeowner might spend $25,000 fixing up their home for sale, and it’s a waste of money if it’s not what buyers want today.” He and Sibbach have a regular podcast on Facebook. “We want to be irreplaceable to consumers buying or selling homes,” said Sibbich, who didn’t win the innovator award but was “honored” to be nominated. Google’s advice to real estate agents? “Embrace” real estate apps and sites, Thornton said. He believes the pace of home sales will climb in the U.S. because so many people are so into spending so much more time on real estate sites. Maybe the mantra "location, location, location" is also applicable to digital real estate now, too. AZCENTRAL Check out what $2.2 million can get you in Phoenix area vs. other luxury-housing markets AZCENTRAL Canadians, investors poised for big profits selling metro Phoenix homes AZCENTRAL Finally, Phoenix-area homeowners turning right side up on mortgages AZCENTRAL Metro Phoenix housing market has best month in a decade 166 CONNECTTWEET 20 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2aREDvu TOP VIDEOS Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Roberts: Donald Trump drops another campaign vow Nov. 22, 2016, 10:07 a.m. Montini: Bruce Arians and the perks of working on Thanksgiving week Nov. 22, 2016, 8:27 a.m. My Turn: Make a difference this holiday season: Buy local Nov. 22, 2016, 12:25 p.m.
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 7 °C Wednesday 23 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags brian goral Business Insider CIA homeland homeland security keeping secrets Security USA See other tags Tags Sunday 7 Aug, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/2912603 Secrecy, terrorism and no egos: What it's really like to work as a CIA agent Former CIA operative Brian Goral talks about his experiences. Aug 7th 2016, 10:00 PM 24,146 Views 35 Comments Share11 Tweet Email1 A scene from Homeland. Image: Showtime A brutal blown call two months ago suddenly looms large in the College Football Playoff This little router blankets your home in speedy WiFi — and gives Google a serious challenge The slew of good US economic data is because of the election — but not Trump's win A hedge fund at the world's biggest alternative-asset manager is setting off on its own AS A CHILD, Brian Goral was fascinated with the CIA. “I started keeping a journal and a folder of news articles on US and Soviet forces,” he told Business Insider. “I would copy terms and acronyms from the backs of military-spy novels and try to understand the World Book Encyclopedia’s explanation of how nuclear weapons worked. “I remember at one point during a math class my sophomore year in high school, my multi-year unrequited crush, Denise, and I decided we should go work for the CIA.” Denise, he says, pursued a different career path. But Goral realised his dream when he landed an internship with the CIA — the civilian foreign-intelligence service of the US federal government — as a college student. Goral, 39, spent 15 years with the agency, and told us about what it’s really like to work for the CIA. Can you tell me about your background? I was born and raised in Milwaukee. I have always been fascinated by why people make the choices they do and how our brains process information — part of that, no doubt, because both my parents were counsellors. I grew up knowing I wanted to do something really positive but also really cool with my life. I knew I was a smart kid, and quite frankly, knew it too well when I was becoming a teenager. My future career thoughts oscillated between being a brain surgeon and a soldier of some sort — yes, it was an odd specificity. I always thought the civilian life was probably a better path for the energetic nerd in me by the time I made it to college. I figured I was on the way to becoming a doctor with a specialty in neurology. However, I realised I wasn’t ready to commit to attending medical school right out of college, so I started thinking about other career options instead. My freshman year at Michigan State, a good friend of mine — with the help of the University’s student services — introduced me to the idea of taking an internship at CIA. That’s when the idea became real. What sort of experience did you need before applying for your first job at the CIA? Source: Courtesy of Brian Goral via Business Insider For the internship program, it’s just like many others: They are searching for people who are sharp and loyal, with a real desire to be there. Unlike many places, it’s tougher to know exactly what you’re in for in terms of the work. I had a solid advantage over many other candidates in one key (and unplanned) way: I was a chemistry/biochemistry guy. Many other applicants were political science or criminal justice. Even today, not many people think of the natural sciences when they think of the agency — though at least now people do recognise the broader technology part of the CIA more frequently. However, 1996 was around the time The Rock came out, and inspectors in Iraq were looking for chemical weapons while others were analysing potential connections between Saddam’s chemical munitions being “destroyed” during the first Gulf War and Gulf War illnesses. My qualifications were that I came in with a great academic record in an area of specific interest at the time, and I had a personal interest in the agency and a fair understanding of how the CIA fit into the bigger picture. And so, as an intern, I was able to aid technical analysis of potential illicit chemical weapons being developed by other nations. So what was it like working for the CIA? There was no routine year-on-year. It really depended on the assignment and location. The one role and business model I can speak to most freely — because it is unclassified — is my last one: managing the business relationship with the nongovernmental venture capital firm known as In-Q-Tel. In-Q-Tel was founded to help the CIA and other members of the intelligence community such as the FBI make strategic investments in new technologies from the startup world that would cost much more time and expense to attempt to recreate in-house. For example, most people know Google Earth, but many may not realise that the original version of the software was evaluated and supported by the intelligence community well before Google. Since the government cannot make investments for profit, when Google bought all the rights to the software, the CIA, with In-Q-Tel, directed the profits from the original investment to other startup companies to help advance additional new products that would benefit both the commercial world and the government. It’s an excellent model which has really grown over the years. Within our shop, I governed gathering new technology requirements from across the CIA and putting those needs into context for the financial teams to understand why we might want to invest in a certain computer hardware company or particular type of data analytics. Source: Courtesy of Brian Goral via Business Insider What would you say was the best part of working for the CIA? It was definitely the people you meet. Both your own colleagues and the incredible individuals I discovered in places in the world that you’d never even heard of when you were a kid. These incredible people often included our own US servicemen and women — who frequently didn’t know (or particularly care) who we were, but were good to us regardless. What was the biggest challenge or worst part or working there? Quite honestly, walking away. Certainly throughout my career there were scary moments in the field and painful ones while working back home, particularly when I’d hear news of friends and colleagues who wouldn’t be coming home. 30 December 2009 stands out. The agency lost seven personnel in an attack on a base at Khowst, Afghanistan, on that day. However, in a way, those moments were expected and part of the job. Leaving wasn’t. During the last 15-plus years, many of the people in the agency became my best friends and family. I was leaving the job security and the mission for complete unknowns, certainly. However, I also knew that most of those amazing friends and colleagues who helped me to reach the points of success I attained in my career I would probably never see again. What’s one thing people would be surprised to know about working for the CIA? The level of professional and managerial training offered to the workforce. Recently, there has been a major push to educate those who aren’t in the CIA about the different types of training and lessons of leadership from our senior executives. That, coupled with an effort to flatten aspects of the organization and enhance cross-communications between what were once distinct verticals: Operations, Intelligence [Analysis], Science and Technology, and Administration. People may be surprised to see a distinctly nonmilitary, matrixed hierarchy taking real lessons from the world of corporate research and change management. What’s one of the biggest misconceptions about working for the CIA? There’s no stereotypical “agent” with a single personality and dictated political mindset. For every gun-rights activist at the CIA, there is a coworker who wants reform right now. For every devout Christian, Muslim, Buddhist, or Hindu in the building, there is someone who prefers the scientific exploration of the universe. While I’ve heard political discussions in the halls and cafeteria, I don’t think I’d ever seen a hot-button political issue of the day that actually influenced the work or affected cooperation between colleagues working together on a project. When the work starts, it usually just doesn’t come up if you’re pro- or anti- this or that political issue. People there work from the position that they are the first line of defense, and everyone is there because they love the country. That said, you can still see normal disagreements over expense reports, petty nonissues, and eye-rolling both ways between those who have been in nice locations for most of their careers working classical intelligence collection missions as opposed to those who have spent their time in the war zones and have a very different view of the organization. Do you think movies and TV shows like Homeland tend to portray life at the CIA accurately? What does Hollywood get wrong? The short answer is no — which I imagine is true for most professions depicted by Hollywood. I like a good adventure story as much as the next person. However, besides missing badly on the ratio of excitement to preparation, most of the movie and TV versions I’ve seen have sold short the diversity of personalities and complexity of emotions encountered within the work we do, or they overcompensate with completely ridiculous elements. Source: Courtesy of Brian Goral via Business Insider How was your personal life affected by your professional life when you worked for the CIA? For me, like for many people in very intense working environments, there was a tendency to subconsciously boost my own prioritisation of my work over other things, particularly in the early years. Early in my career, I tended to take few vacations, and it took me a while to figure out how to create a substantive work-life balance. For example, I kicked myself after missing a friend’s wedding and another’s law school graduation. I did manage to grow into my own person, and it certainly helped that I couldn’t physically take work home with me and that I often found myself in amazing places where it would have been great to be a regular tourist. Catching those glimpses and making plans to return one day helped me want to connect more deeply with the people in my life who would want to share in the trip. Those realisations pushed that early imbalance much more toward even. Was it hard to have a job you couldn’t talk about very much? I think in the commercial world there are just as many professions where you can’t speak casually or openly with others about work details — financial dealings and emerging technology, for example. While it’s generally easier to communicate with people from your same profession, there are certainly ways to express events of the day to others without going into critical details. This is not to say all the stresses of our respective careers are equal; certainly there are very different boundaries and potential consequences for disclosing information to which to adapt. As I mentioned before, most of the people in the building understand that they’re not in a profession compatible with a burning need to dazzle others with dropped names or stories they couldn’t prove anyway. What’s your best piece of advice for anyone who dreams of working for the CIA? Check your ego at the door. The agency is an incredible place of service where excellent people are doing things from which they’ll never receive credit from the outside world. However, you still need to understand the outside world, so start with learning a language and stepping outside your comfort zone to travel; visit places and countries that are off the tourists’ beaten paths. Learn to understand the people you meet there because, generally speaking, the people who are going to work hard to change the world aren’t the ones already sitting on top of it. When and why did you decide it was time to leave the CIA? I finished my MBA around the 15-year mark, in 2014, and started to recognize that if I was ever going to make that leap to the commercial world, let alone a startup, I would need to do it pretty soon. If I waited longer, I’d have gotten sucked into that space where it’s “just another couple of years until X milestone,” or “… that executive role.” Alternatively, I might have found myself with family commitments and not willing to take the startup risk. I’d loved the missions and the people, but when my immediate leadership was replaced by a micromanager in my final work tour, that was the catalyst to sell my home, find a short-term lease in a new city, and commit myself to not renewing so that I’d be out of DC by the end of that year. So what happened next? What are you doing now? Fortunately, I had some great friends and veteran contacts up in New York City who helped me meet with some really nerdy, techy, entrepreneurial, good people and really gain exposure to the New York startup scene. I moved here from DC in early 2015 with a one-way ticket, a duffle bag, and a backpack. After working with so many veterans and having been part of incredible advancements in technology, I have since started up a company called Furenexo, which is focused on bringing those same sorts of advancements to “disability tech.” We have some big goals and are approaching them step by step. This interview has been lightly edited and condensed. Read: German agent spied for the CIA and Russia because he wanted to do ‘something exciting’> Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   Published with permission from: Business Insider Business Insider is a business site with strong financial, media and tech focus. See more articles by Business Insider Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/what-its-like-to-work-at-the-cia-2912603-Aug2016/?embedpost=2912603&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/what-its-like-to-work-at-the-cia-2912603-Aug2016/?embedpost=2912603&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/what-its-like-to-work-at-the-cia-2912603-Aug2016/?embedpost=2912603&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Secrecy, terrorism and no egos: What it's really like to work as a CIA agent ”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Secrecy, terrorism and no egos: What it's really like to work as a CIA agent ”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (35 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions The Central Bank Governor on why deposit limits are 'not targets but ceilings' Philip Lane Governor Philip Lane explains why the Central Bank wants to make things easier for first-time buyers. Opinion: 'Rural Ireland is not dead. It’s on the verge of great things.' David Minton We are a country renowned for our innovation and problem solving. Let’s fix Rural Ireland, writes David Minton. President Higgins: "We must share vigilance of not letting anti-Semitism spread again" Michael D. Higgins World Jewish Conference delegates hear Higgins address concerns over ‘walls’ and ‘fear’ challenging the world. Most Popular Today 1 Maynooth pub donates proceeds to family of student Kym Owens following violent attack 25,353  31 1 The Irish Internet Association looks for new purpose after members vote to save it 24  0 1 'Donnacha Ryan's taken on a Paulie-like role': Henderson heaping pressure on seasoned locks 9,946  19 1 16 deadly Irish Christmas jumpers you can buy this year 3,705  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Jurors at Sean FitzPatrick trial told they'll be needed until well into next year Son of deceased billionaire businessman kept a loaded gun over his bed Schoolgirl receives €35,000 after her face was cut at a Leisureplex GARDAí Temperatures to fall as low as -4 tonight as cold snap settles in Man forced stepdaughter to wear dog collar as he carried out abuse, court hears Woman charged over fatal stabbing says she acted in self-defence DUBLIN Flights to and from Dublin cancelled after Lufthansa pilots strike Snapchat mates and baby-making: Douglas' Dublin links are strong Wax Museum set to close its doors in less than two weeks FRANCE Man finds €3.5 million worth of gold in house he inherited New Zealand's Fekitoa banned but Cane escapes further punishment Two Qatari women robbed of valuables worth €5 million in Paris motorway heist ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Secrecy, terrorism and no egos: What it's really like to work as a CIA agent Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
null
Press Esc to close Wednesday 23 November 2016 News updated at 11:02 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 31.9°C Min : 16.6°C In Bengaluru clear sky  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Police stops JNU students from marching to Parliament      Amartya Sen's 9-year-long association with Nalanda Univ ends      US computer scientists urge Clinton to challenge poll result      5 foreign nationals booked for misbehaving on Air India flight      BCCI never responded to ICC mails on Indo-Pak women's matches      Music lovers bid tearful adieu to Balamuralikrishna      F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim      Demonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to opposition      Zee to acquire TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in radio biz      Indian-American Nikki Haley's steep political rise continues      Rupee tanks to 9-mth low on strong dollar scare, outflows      NIA asks banks to freeze accounts of Naik, IRF      IIT Kharagpur ranked top varsity in India in international survey      India lose 2-3 to Australia in four-nation hockey opener      Jan Dhan account deposits swell, mobilise Rs 21,000 cr      Infosys invests Rs 31.6 cr in Stellaris Venture Partners      Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access      RS Dy Chairman pulls up Minister; puts Anand Sharma on the mat      Sebi boosts start-up funding, relaxes rules for angel funds      Pak wooing Indians opposed to Modi's extremist policies: Aziz      Pak says four of its citizens killed in shelling by India      Woman arrested for beating three-year-old son to death      Body of missing IIT aspirant from Bihar found in Kota river      Cash van driver flees with Rs 1.37 crore      SC expresses disappointment over Centre not appointing Lokpal      Mamata hits Delhi's streets, gets JD-U, SP and NCP support      New vehicles to have digital tag for toll payments      'No state transport service to 257 villages due to bad roads'      I'm no cheat, says du Plessis after tampering row      Trump nominates Indian-American Nikki Haley as US envoy to UN      Twitter boss briefly suspended from his own network      BCCI furious as ICC docks eves for not playing Pakistan      Demonetisation: India moving towards formal economy, says Kant      Unable to withdraw money for exam fees, teen hangs self: Cops      'Hail Trump' chant divisive and contrary to American values:WH      Govt asks NABARD to disburse Rs 21K crore to farmers      'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment'      Protests by united Oppn leads to RS adjournment till 2 PM      Pakistan warns against use of water as an instrument of coercion      No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt      SC refuses to stay demonetisation proceedings in various HCs      Lok Sabha proceedings washed out for 5th day over demonetisation      Goa: Video of assault on local cricketer goes viral, 2 held      L&T lays off 14,000 employees during Apr-Sept      Army launches counter-offensive; BSF men injured in shelling      Civilians flee as Syrian regime advances in rebel held Aleppo      Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000-mark      Trump indicates u-turn on climate change, jailing Clinton      Uphaar fire: SC to set up bench for hearing review pleas      Jhansi DRM transferred, 5 railway officials suspended      Lead, heavy metals have been found in soft drinks: Govt      Some relief for cash-starved public, queues shorten      CBI examines Jagdish Tytler      Tata Chemicals calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia as directors      India to get Swiss bank a/c data from Sept 2018 onwards      Action against bank staff fraudulently exchanging notes: RBI      Defamation case: Kejriwal fails to get relief from SC      Ratan Tata tried to sell TCS, made Corus deal expensive:Mistry      Rabi sowing ops not affected due to demonetisation: Govt      Paan shop owner gets 'fake' Rs 2,000 note      Bypolls: Ruling parties hold sway; BJP,TMC share honours in LS      More relaxations for farmers on anvil: Jaitley      Bhuvneshwar Kumar back in Indian Test squad, Gambhir dropped      India's first female Merchant Navy captain wins bravery award      Defence Minister briefed on LoC killings      Carnatic exponent Balamuralikrishna no more      Sena mounts fresh offensive against BJP over demonetisation      Defamation not a tool for mighty to browbeat citizens: Court      Ibrahimovic says may 'conquer' US      Lying on back during pregnancy may up stillbirth risk: study      UK scholarships of 1 million pound for Indian students      82,500 ATMs recalibrated to dispense new notes      Three soldiers killed in LoC attack, body of one mutilated     Videos New Rs. 2,000 notes recovered from gunned... Its Unfortunate that some people are still... TPP is not the end Final days for French graffiti ghost town... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Mamata, Kejriwal attack Modi over demonetisation Long queues outside banks a 'serious issue', says SC I-T raids on Janardhana Reddy's Obulapuram company in Bellary Demonetisation: Govt provides relief to farmers, families celebrating weddings 'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment' Oppn seeks demonetisation debate in LS under voting rule Economic anarchy, says Oppn Demonetisation nightmare Reminiscing the school days Financial Inclusion: Threats dwarf opportunities Trump meets TV executives, journos, calls them deceitful liars Fresh currency notes recovered from militants Pitfalls of a secretive economic manoeuvre Currency scrapping slows down economy Demonetisation nightmare Carnatic exponent Balamuralikrishna no more No surprises in bypoll results in 6 states, UT Aaradhya Bachchan celebrates birthday with star kids Music legend Balamurali passes away It's just beginning, says PM as BJP MPs endorse his 'crusade' DVS seeks to settle hospital bills with old currency Photo Gallery Fire fighters trying to douse a fire which broke out in a four storey building at Sadar Bazar market A massive fire broke out at an oil pump at Dhanamanjuri College campus Imphal ... An injured elephant and its calf after they accidentally fell into a pit... Women carrying weed on their heads during a foggy day in Srinagar... A view of sunset in Shimla ... Rahul Gandhi with MP's of Opposition parties during a protest outside Parliament... Security personnel showing the arms ammunition recovered from Maoists after an encounter ... A security jawan stands guard during a foggy day in Srinagar... Rescue operation in progress after a truck fell down in River Ganga from a bridge.... A former rowing his boat loaded with radish at interior Dal Lake during a foggy day... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Sign in Home Accessories Lumia Windows Microsoft Reviews Video Subscribe Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password OneTechStop Home Accessories Lumia Windows Microsoft Reviews Video Subscribe Home Windows 10 Mobile Here is what you can do (for now) to add your Gmail... Windows 10 Mobile Here is what you can do (for now) to add your Gmail ID to Outlook Mail in Windows 10 Mobile. By Sriyansa Mohanty - August 7, 2016 399 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet There have been a lot of complaints lately, about the Gmail Account not getting added in the Outlook Mail in Windows 10 Mobile. The users are prompted with a browser not supported error while they try to add Google Account. Google is to be blamed here for blocking this service, and for now you can try this temporary fix. 1. Go to “Settings”. 2. Tap on “Accounts”. 3. Tap on “Your email and accounts”. 4. Tap “Add an account”. 5. Tap “Other accounts POP, IMAP”. 6. Enter your Email address and Password. 7. Tap the Sign in button. 8. Once you’re signed in Open the Edge browser. 9. Visit gmail.com and log in to your Google account. 10. Open the message with the subject “Blocked sign-in attempt for security reasons” 11. Tap on the Allow Access button. 12. You will be forwarded to the Google security setting page. “Under the Access for less secure apps”, select “Turn on”. This is a little complex but will work fine once done. But it is to NOTE that Contacts and Calendar details wont be synced like they used to be, only mails would be synchronized. This is the only working way to get the Google mails reach you through the Outlook Mail app, and we hope it works for you too! Source : WinBeta Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlemyTube Beta updated for Windows 10 with Redstone Support and a lot more. Next articleNew Game From Game Troopers: Pool Tour Masters Sriyansa Mohanty Student and a Blogger from India. I love Tech and Food. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apps Facebook’s Universal Messenger App gets updated. Apps Viber app gets updated for Windows 10 and Windows 10 Mobile. Windows 10 Windows 10 Build 14965 Rolling Out To Mobile and PC Insiders on Fast Ring Gplus FaceBook wordpress Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Google+. Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Subscribe to OneTechStop Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 54 other subscribers Email Address We are on Facebook We are on Facebook ABOUT USOneTechStop is a group of guys passionate about the latest tech. We focus on Windows & all other Tech. Contact us: contact@onetechstop.net FOLLOW US © Copyright 2016
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close USA women's basketball team Rio 2016 women's basketball: USA 121-56 Senegal – as it happened! Live results from day one | Full schedule for the opening day Sign up here for the daily Olympics briefing email Run through Rio with our virtual podcast Updated Mame Marie Sy of Senegal attempts to block Maya Moore. Photograph: Shannon Stapleton/Reuters Hunter Felt Sunday 7 August 2016 12.38 EDT Last modified on Thursday 25 August 2016 14.32 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 12.38pm EDT 12:38 Final thoughts 12.35pm EDT 12:35 US wins! 11.56am EDT 11:56 Second half begins! 11.45am EDT 11:45 Halftime! 11.03am EDT 11:03 Opening tip 10.23am EDT 10:23 Preamble Live feed Show 12.38pm EDT 12:38 Final thoughts Well, not a lot to really analyze today, the difference in talent between the two clubs was clearly evident all game long. Credit the US for not slacking no matter how big their lead ballooned, and also to Senegal for never appearing demoralized. Next up for the women’s team: they will face Spain on Monday at 11:00am EST. And that’s going to do it for this liveblog however, thanks to everybody who followed along today. Ciao! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 US wins! USA 121-56 Senegal, FINAL The US get their 10th three-pointer of the game but it’s Senegal who make the final shot, also a three-point. But it’s still a 65 point difference between the two teams, another US Olympics record. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.31pm EDT 12:31 USA 117-50 Senegal, 1:05, 4th quarter Senegal picks up another three-pointer here. Nobody is playing like they’re demoralized on their side. Neither are the Senegal fans, who celebrate when their country makes a second straight basket to hit the 50 point mark. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.29pm EDT 12:29 USA 117-43 Senegal, 2:05, 4th quarter And with a three-pointer, what else, the US break their old record. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 USA 114-43 Senegal, 3:05, 4th quarter Breanna Stewart to the line, making one of two free throws. The US has now tied its old record for the most points in an Olympics game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27pm EDT 12:27 USA 111-43 Senegal, 4:09, 4th quarter Whalen contributes some free throws to the US points total. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.26pm EDT 12:26 USA 109-43 Senegal, 4:27, 4th quarter Nice fast break layup for Senegal, a brief moment of positivity for this team who had the misfortune of having their first game against this US buzz saw. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23pm EDT 12:23 USA 108-41 Senegal, 5:32, 4th quarter Sue Bird with the US’s 8th three-pointer of the game. It’s impossible to overstate how dominant the US have been today. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.22pm EDT 12:22 USA 105-41 Senegal, 6:17, 4th quarter Aida Fall fouls out for Senegal, she’s been really impressive all game long, those fouls are a sign of just how physically involved she’s been today. Delle Donne hits a three for the US. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.20pm EDT 12:20 USA 102-41 Senegal, 7:23, 4th quarter Tamika Catchings gets to the line and makes two free throws. Angel McCoughtry gets the ball and goes all the way to the other end of the floor for a basket. The USA hit the 100 mark and then break it thanks to Sue Bird’s first basket of the game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.18pm EDT 12:18 USA 96-41 Senegal, 8:31, 4th quarter Aya Traore with a long three to kick off the scoring in the fourth. USA scores on the opposite end. That record is definitely a possibility here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 USA 94-38 Senegal, 9:23, 4th quarter And the fourth quarter begins almost immediately. Wow, I’m so used to loooong commercial breaks. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 Email from Katie Patykus: I’m reading off your live comments to our excited 11 year-old basketball playing daughter...thank you for doing this! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.15pm EDT 12:15 USA 94-38 Senegal, end of the 3rd quarter Sylvia Fowles to the line, she makes one of two free throws. Whalen turns the ball over but Senegal can’t find a way to The US women’s Olympics record is 114 points. Could they possible break it this game? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.12pm EDT 12:12 USA 93-38 Senegal, 36.2, 3rd quarter Senegal’s Aida Fall for a Senegal basket, that’s 14 points for her. Credit to Senegal for keeping on playing here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.11pm EDT 12:11 USA 89-36 Senegal, 2:05, 3rd quarter Senegal scores but the US, who are playing this as if it’s all knotted up and heading down to the wire, scores and gets a free throw for an old-fashioned three point play. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.09pm EDT 12:09 USA 84-34 Senegal, 2:50, 3rd quarter Lindsay Whalen with a sweet cut to the basket. and it’s now a 50 point US lead. Yikes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 USA 82-34 Senegal, 3:30, 3rd quarter Nice spin move from Tina Charles. With the game now very clearly on hand, it’s probably time to just appreciate the game from an aesthetic level rather than as a competition. It’s just a treat to watch some of the best women’s basketball players on the planet working together with the spotlight firmly on them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 Email from Melanie & John & Family: Mr. Felt, thanks for the live blog. Senegal has talent, but I venture to guess that much less training and money are invested in their skills. Title IX, which mandates that U.S. public schools must spend equally on girls’ and boys’ athletics, has helped make our women’s pro teams--basketball and international football, anyway--the powerhouses they are today. (The story goes that U.C. Berkeley’s WBB team visited Senegal about 10 years ago, beat their national team, then took off their expensive Nikes and gave them to the Senegalese players.) Good points here. It should be noted that the Senegal’s women team is actually more successful than their men’s team, they’ve consistently won FIBA’s African tournaments. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.02pm EDT 12:02 USA 73-27 Senegal, 6:16, 3rd quarter Tina Charles misses but Maya Moore gets the outback. Some great team basketball being played here, it should be noted. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.01pm EDT 12:01 USA 71-27 Senegal, 6:50, 3rd quarter Hey this is as close as Senegal has gotten to run, getting a basket and two free throws to go on a 4-0 run. Hey, it’s baby steps here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.59am EDT 11:59 USA 71-23 Senegal, 7:45, 3rd quarter Senegal gets to the line for two free throws then forces a turnover on the other end. One of the best sequences for Senegal all game long, probably… But they give it up on the other end. Griner misses an open layup but USA has the rebound and Taurasi gets her record fifth three. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.57am EDT 11:57 USA 68-21 Senegal, 8:37, 3rd quarter Taurasi has a look for her record 5th three, but gives it to Griner for an easy score. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.56am EDT 11:56 Second half begins! SA 66-21 Senegal, 9:48, 3rd quarter Brittney Griner gets fouled and goes to the line to increase the USA lead. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.53am EDT 11:53 Meanwhile on the Senegal side, they’ve made 16 turnovers to the USA’s… um 3. That strikes me as unsustainable. Oh man, now there’s a feature on the late Pat Summitt’s Olympics career. I already teared up during yesterday’s tribute to the ailing Craig Sager, I can’t afford to get weepy again here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 The story of the game so far is Diana Taurasi, who has scored 12 points on 4-of-6 shooting from the three-point line. Steph Curry wishes he could do that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 Halftime! USA 64-21 Senegal, end of the 2nd quarter The bad news was that my feed completely crashed and I missed the last few minutes of the first half. The good news is that I clearly didn’t miss much. Senegal got in just one more shot before the break and this one’s almost over already. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 USA 53-19 Senegal, 3:17, 2nd quarter Things ar eno getting any brighter for Senegal here. USA vs China is starting to look like a nail biter in comparison. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.32am EDT 11:32 USA 41-16 Senegal, 6:36, 2nd quarter Hey, there’s two more free throws for Senegal that helps. And then the US actually turns the ball over. A rare misstep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.30am EDT 11:30 USA 39-14 Senegal, 7:09, 2nd quarter And the Olympics never truly begins until the NBC live stream goes down for no reason what-so-ever. When the action returns, it’s obvious that Senegal hasn’t done much in the interval to make this game a close one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.26am EDT 11:26 USA 35-9 Senegal, end of the 1st quarter Gonna have to give a lot of credit to the US defense which has been absolutely stifling. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.23am EDT 11:23 USA 33-9 Senegal, 7,9, 1st quarter Delle Donne to the line, knocks down two free throws. Hey, Senegal actually gets some free throws, she knocks them both both down. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.20am EDT 11:20 USA 31-7 Senegal, 42.3, 1st quarter Whalen scores out of the break. Oumou Toure hits a rare basket for Senegal, but the US responds almost immediately. This is way out of hand already. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.19am EDT 11:19 USA 27-5 Senegal, 2:11, 1st quarter Taurasi to Elena Delle Donna who hits a beautiful floater. The US follows up wit another basket and we come to a brief break in the action. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.15am EDT 11:15 USA 23-5 Senegal, 2:46, 1st quarter Whalen misses on the US end. A rare fruitless possession this game. Deep three from Taurasi, her fourth three-pointer of the game. Almost tying her own record and we’re not even in the second quarter. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.13am EDT 11:13 USA 20-5 Senegal, 4:18, 1st quarter Maya Moore gets involved, gets a second chance bucket for the US. Senegal turns the ball over once again, they can’t afford to do that at all against this US offense if they want to stay in the game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.10am EDT 11:10 USA 18-5 Senegal, 5:19, 1st quarter Griner with a put-in and this is getting out of hand quickly. Then, finally, Astou Traroe scores to stop the Senegal scoring drought. But Grinner gets to the line to add to the US lead. Updated at 11.11am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.08am EDT 11:08 USA 14-2 Senegal, 6:45, 1st quarter Tina Charles with a steal and a score. Senegal misses on their end. Updated at 11.13am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.07am EDT 11:07 USA 12-2 Senegal, 6:57, 1st quarter Taurasi hits another three and Senegal takes a timeout. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.06am EDT 11:06 USA 9-2 Senegal, 7:30, 1st quarter Several threes so far with the US, going for the Warriors game plan. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.03am EDT 11:03 Opening tip USA 3-0 Senegal, 9:29, 1st quarter And we’re off! USA scores first, a bucket and a foul. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.00am EDT 11:00 Diana Taurasi says this might be the best women’s basketball lineup ever, but also notes that she says this every Olympics. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.59am EDT 10:59 Without warning, the livestream starts several minutes before 11am, jarring your commentator awake. Limited interruptions thanks to Kelloggs, who definitely figured in this Eastern Time game start time into their plans. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.54am EDT 10:54 This is the closest thing the Olympics committee will allow to in-game .gifs, I believe: U.S. Olympic Team (@TeamUSA) ⏰15 MINUTES until tipoff! Women's @usabasketball is READY! 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/JIpvRXcoY9 August 7, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.47am EDT 10:47 Predictions Normally when we ask for predictions, we’re looking to see who people think will win. That might not be the case with these Olympics. What will probably make for a more, uh, plausible debate is whether or not these games will… well, be games. Certainly USA vs China on the male side of things went about how everyone expected (i.e. not well for China). This should be at least a tad closer, I think. Should still be in double digits in favor of USA, I would think. Your thoughts? You can tweet them to @HunterFelt or email them to Hunter.Felt@theguardian.com and we’ll use them here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.43am EDT 10:43 I want to take this time before the game starts to salute the true heroes of these Olympics: friends, family and co-workers who have bravely given out their cable passwords to others so they can actually watch NBC’s livestreams. You are all the real MVPs. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.38am EDT 10:38 I’ll admit to being slightly more familiar with the names on the US side here: US women’s team F Seimone Augustus (Minnesota Lynx) G Sue Bird (Seattle Storm) F Tamika Catchings (Indiana Fever) C Tina Charles (New York Liberty) G/F Elena Delle Donne (Chicago Sky) C Sylvia Fowles (Minnesota Lynx) C Brittney Griner (Phoenix Mercury) F Angel McCoughtry (Atlanta Dream) F Maya Moore (Minnesota Lynx) F/C Breanna Stewart (Seattle Storm) G Diana Taurasi (Phoenix Mercury) G Lindsay Whalen (Minnesota Lynx) Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.31am EDT 10:31 Senegal women’s basketball team roster: Maimouna Diarra Bintou Dieme Fatou Dieng Diodio Diouf Aida Fall Marie-Sadio Rosche Mame Marie Sy Oumoul Thiam Oumou Toure Astou Traore Aya Traore Lala Wane Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.23am EDT 10:23 Preamble Yesterday the US Men’s Basketball Team kicked off their quest for Olympic gold with a blowout win over China yesterday. Today it the women’s team time to shine as they start their run with today’s game against Senegal. Although they are overshadowed by the big names on the men’s team, this women’s team is, once again, a collection of some the best women’s players on the planet, at true murderer’s row that includes Maya Moore (Minnesota Lynx), Breanna Stewart (Seattle Storm), Brittney Griner (Phoenix Mercury), Diana Taurasi (Phoenix Mercury) and Sue Bird, in what will almost certainly will be her last trip to the Olympics as a competitor. In other words, it’s very very difficult to imagine the US women’s team dropping a single game in the next few weeks, let alone failing to win the gold. So, Senegal, who qualified for the Olympics after defeating Cameroon in the 2015 Women’s AfroBasket tournament are very much the underdogs here today. But, still, they have to play the games, right? We want to hear from you throughout today’s liveblog, just send out your questions, comments, critiques and what-nots either via email (to Hunter.Felt@theguardian.com) or Twitter (@HunterFelt). USA vs. Senegal is set to start at 11:00am EST but we’ll be back before then with rosters and commentary before then. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.25am EDT 09:25 Hunter will be here shortly, in the meantime here’s how the US men’s team got on last night: There was a moment on Saturday night where the US’s basketball game against China was actually something resembling a competition. This was just after the tip-off when Klay Thompson took a wayward three-pointer and China’s forward Yanyuhang Ding was fouled and hit two free throws. A huge roar filled the crowd in Carioca Arena 1. Many of the fans jumped to their feet as if somehow, improbably the game would actually be close. Then the US started to run. And run. And run. By the time it was over, they had beaten China 119-62 in a game that was nowhere as close as the score. The idea that anyone in these Olympics can somehow challenge the US’s basketball superiority is ridiculous. China aren’t one of the best teams in the tournament, but they are young and fast and have some intriguing players. And yet whatever promise China might have was lost in a flurry of long passes and dunks by the US players, who seemed almost to hold back rather than humiliate their vanquished opponent. Read the full report here: Ruthless Kevin Durant and USA crush China in Olympic basketball opener Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics USA women's basketball team Rio 2016 Olympic Games Basketball US sports Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › USA women's basketball team Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Google Outpaces Facebook on Getting India Connected to Internet Saritha Rai @SarithaRai More stories by Saritha Rai August 4, 2016 — 11:03 PM EDT August 4, 2016 — 11:03 PM EDT More than 2 million people are connected to web each month Facebook testing program for affordable mobile internet access Passengers use smartphones next to a charging station at a railway station in Mumbai. Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg When it comes to connecting India’s population to the internet, Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai is having better luck than his Facebook Inc. counterpart, Mark Zuckerberg. Google began offering free Wi-Fi at about two dozen train stations in the country earlier this year, and now has 2 million people using the service each month, Pichai said in a recent earnings call. Millions more will gain access as the service expands to 100 locations by the year end. The search provider’s goal is to reach 400 stations. Facebook had also sought last year to get people online by covering the cost for mobile users to connect to select websites and services on their phones. That effort, called Free Basics, was blocked in February by India’s telecom regulator. The ban was a setback for Zuckerberg, who had visited India to promote the program, which was designed for people who can’t afford expensive mobile-data charges. Google, Facebook and other providers of web services are all flocking to India to amass their next billion users and get them to adopt their products first. By targeting train stations and offering unfettered access, Google has been able to leap ahead. Both are seeking to maximize eyeballs for their revenue-generating ads in the country of 1.3 billion, according to C.S. Rao, chairman of QuadGen Wireless Solutions Inc., a wireless engineering services company which has more than 2,000 public Wi-Fi hotspots in the country. “Their popular apps are seen to have huge growth potential in a country with youthful demographics and good technology literacy,” Rao said. Facebook said it will keep looking for ways to deliver cheaper internet access. It is now testing a service, called Express Wi-Fi, that will let people buy affordable data packs via digital vouchers and access Wi-Fi networks. "The goal of these trials is to find an economically sustainable model for all stakeholders," Facebook said in a statement. Start your day with what’s moving markets. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Pursuits The best from Bloomberg on style, food and travel. Without opening 50 tabs. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter About a third of India’s population has internet access, with an estimated 462 million in June, according to a IAMAI report. The country ranked  131st out of 189 countries in broadband penetration, and has the lowest average connection speed in Asia, according to Akamai Technologies Inc. While Google isn’t targeting those using its Wi-Fi with advertising, it’s aiming to get more people online and betting that they will use the company’s services and see more ads. “Lack of internet access is a vast problem; the more people address the problem, the better it is,” said Gulzar Azad, head of access programs at Google India. Providers need to focus on delivering full internet access, he said. “If we don’t address it, a few generations of Indians will feel left behind.” There are also other initiatives aimed at getting people onto the web. Microsoft Corp. has a project called TV White Spaces, which seeks to provide low-cost broadband connections via unused TV spectrum. Google has sought permission to launch Project Loon, a network of floating balloons to provide internet services to remote and rural areas. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Tesla Shock Means Global Gasoline Demand Has All But Peaked Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple How to transfer photos, videos, and more with Android Beam Julian Chokkattu Digital TrendsAugust 7, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google may be good at a lot of things, but highlighting great features isn’t one of them. Take Now on Tap, for example. It’s a feature that was introduced in Android 6.0 Marshmallow that has gradually improved and become more powerful. The search giant doesn’t showcase this feature anywhere in Android, though — instead, you “discover” it when you press and hold the home button. Such being the case, most people still don’t know what it is. In a similar vein, we’re taking a look at a feature that has been baked into Google’s mobile operating system since 2011 via version 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich: Android Beam. Related: How to get the most out of Google Now What is Android Beam? Android Beam is a device-to-device data transfer tool that uses near-field communication (NFC) and Bluetooth to send photos, videos, contact information, links to webpages, navigation directions, YouTube URLs, and more from one device to another just by bumping them together. The feature was first introduced in 2011, but it was improved after Google acquired the once-popular Bump application. “Beaming” and NFC technology were hardly new at this point. Still, Apple only introduced a Wi-Fi and Bluetooth alternative called AirDrop in 2013 through iOS 7, and Samsung also unveiled S Beam, which uses NFC and Wi-Fi Direct, in 2012. NFC is also the technology powering contactless payment services such as Apple Pay and Android Pay. The benefit of using Android Beam is that it’s a quick and easy way to directly transfer data to another device, without having to upload it to cloud-based platforms such as Google Drive and Dropbox. The downside is that the device you’re beaming to needs to have a NFC sensor, and it needs to be right next to you. Google also uses this same technology in the set up process for all Android phones — Tap & Go. If you’re upgrading to a new smartphone and your old one has a NFC sensor, you can simply tap the two devices together during the set up process for the new phone to transfer all of your accounts and data. That way, you don’t need to manually set up the new phone from scratch. How to use Android Beam Setting up Android Beam is fairly easy. First, make sure your phone has an NFC sensor. The easiest way to do this, save from looking it up, is to head over to Settings > More. More should sit directly beneath Data Usage, but it’s location may differ based on your device. This should bring you to Wireless & Networks. Here, you should see a toggle for NFC. Some smartphones, like Google’s Nexus devices, should also have a short description and toggle for Android Beam. Related: Google Play Family Library lets you share purchased content with up to six people If you do not see NFC or Android Beam, chances are your phone may not have it. If you do see NFC, but don’t see Android Beam — don’t worry, it should still work. Typically, budget devices do not have NFC sensors, but almost all mid- to high-end Android smartphones do. how to use android beamMore how to use android beamMore Read More how to use android beamMore Again, both devices need NFC for this to work, so make sure the device you want to transfer data to has it as well. Since it uses NFC, Android Beam doesn’t require an internet connection, meaning you can transfer files and content offline. You can turn Bluetooth on as well, but it’s not necessary as the NFC communication will turn it on automatically, and disable it when the transfer is complete. Once NFC is on, you should see an N logo in the status bar signaling that you’re good to go. Next, you need to pull up the specific content that you want to share. You should note that some devices, like the HTC 10, do not support large file transfers via Beam. At that point, you’re better off trying to use Wi-Fi Direct via an app like Super Beam, or uploading the content to a cloud storage service like Google Drive and sharing it. Still, it doesn’t mean you can’t use Beam. First, open the file, photo, video, YouTube video, app, or whatever else it is you want to transfer. Place the two devices back to back, and make sure the screen is turned on for both of them. You should immediately feel a vibration, and you’ll see the words “Tap to Beam” appear on the device you’re sending the content from. If you do not see this, it may be because the NFC sensor is located in a different area. Android devices don’t always feature the NFC sensor in the same area, so you may have to move the back of both devices around until you feel the vibration. When you tap the screen to beam the content, you’ll see notifications on both devices — one saying that it’s sending content, and the other that it’s receiving. That’s it! Once the content is downloaded, you can open it up via the notification. The same works if you want to send content from another app, like a web URL  or, say, a YouTube video. Open the YouTube video you want to send, place both devices back-to-back, and tap the screen to beam the link. The other device should automatically open the YouTube app and the video should begin playing, though you may get a notification asking if you want to approve opening the link. If you do not have YouTube or the app the content is sent from installed, you’ll be taken to the Google Play Store to install it. And if you’re not quite following us, you can use step-by-step process outlined in the gallery above. It’s understandable that it’s hard for Google to market Android Beam, since there are so many variables that determine a successful outcome. Both devices have to have NFC, one device may not accept large file transfers, and the NFC tag may be placed in different locations, which requires people to rub their phones together until they find it. The latter can be a bit awkward. Still, it’s a handy and useful feature and it works offline. If you do have NFC and Android Beam on your device, we recommend keeping them on all the time, as the effect they have on your device’s battery life is negligible. That way, you’ll always be ready to quickly transfer something with a fellow Android user. Hands on with Android Nougat Developer Preview 5 Android N has no name (yet), but it does have VR, split window, and more Enlist in the Android Army: A beginner’s guide to Android Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Rio 2016 Women's Olympic road race: Rio 2016 – as it happened Dutch cyclist Anna van der Breggen beat Sweden’s Emma Johansson in a sprint to win gold with Lizzie Armitstead fifth, but the race was overshadowed by a serious crash involving then-leader Annemiek van Vleuten Updated Anna van der Breggen celebrates after winning the women’s road race. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Niall McVeigh Sunday 7 August 2016 15.33 EDT Last modified on Thursday 25 August 2016 14.32 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 3.07pm EDT 15:07 Anna van der Breggen wins gold in the women’s road race! 11.16am EDT 11:16 We're off! 4.03pm EDT 16:03 Race report 11.52am EDT 11:52 Vos: Armitstead "naive" for missing tests Live feed Show 4.03pm EDT 16:03 Race report Lizzie Armitstead looks despondent as she finishes the women’s road race. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Lizzie Armitstead falls short of medal as horror crash mars women’s road race Read more Updated at 8.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.28pm EDT 15:28 Good news: the Dutch cycling federation have tweeted that Van Vleuten ‘appears to be okay’ after her crash; she is conscious, and going to hospital for further checks. I’m going to wrap up this live blog now, but you can keep up with all the news from Rio with Jacob Steinberg: Rio Olympics 2016: Murray v Troicki, Nadal v Delbonis, gymnastics and more – live! Read more Congratulations to Anna van der Breggen, and thanks for joining me. Updated at 3.41pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.18pm EDT 15:18 Gold medal winner Anna van der Breggen has spoken, and her thoughts are clearly with team-mate Annemiek van Vleuten, who suffered a horrific crash on the descent: “I was pretty shocked, I think she crashed hard. I realised I was at the front of the team, so I had to chase. I did it for Annemiek. To see her like that, it’s a big shock.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.17pm EDT 15:17 Chris Boardman has appeared on the BBC, and is justifiably angry about conditions on the descent: “We knew that descent was so treacherous… I’m actually quite angry, because I looked at the road furniture and thought ‘nobody can crash here and just get up, it’s really bad’, and that’s what we’ve seen today.” Updated at 3.21pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.14pm EDT 15:14 Lizzie Armitstead finished 20 seconds behind van der Breggen, winning a mini-sprint to finish fifth. She’s just had a chat with the BBC. “I limited my losses on the climb, I knew I couldn’t keep up... I never gave up. I feel pretty exhausted, I can’t feel sorry for myself... she’s a deserving Olympic champion” Armitstead rather swerved questions on the recent controversy, but was gracious in defeat. Helen Pidd (@helenpidd) Lizzie Armitstead came in 5th, 20 seconds behind @AnnavdBreggen. Mara Abbott 4th, 4 seconds down. Vos was 9th, +1.14 pic.twitter.com/4ZCzbEJlV9 August 7, 2016 Updated at 3.42pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.07pm EDT 15:07 Anna van der Breggen wins gold in the women’s road race! Borghini stays on the front as Abbott is passed, before Van der Breggen launches an attack 500m out, overtaking the Italian on the outside with 200m to go, and holding off Johansson, who has to settle for her second Olympic silver medal. Anna van der Breggen crosses the finish line to win the gold medal. Photograph: Patrick Smith/Getty Images Updated at 8.23pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.06pm EDT 15:06 500m to go! The chasing trio catch an exhausted Abbott, and Borghini is at the front, but favourite Van der Breggen is about to make her move... Updated at 3.09pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.06pm EDT 15:06 1km to go! Van der Breggen, Borghini and Johansson are clawing back the advantage, just ten seconds now. Can Abbott hang on? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.03pm EDT 15:03 Mara Abbott finds herself in the same spot as Rafal Majka in the men’s race – battling exhaustion on this apparently endless run alongside the Copacabana. The gap is still 20 seconds, but the chasing trio can see Abbott along the road, and may now be battling for gold, rather than silver. 2km to go... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.02pm EDT 15:02 The other rider in Lizzie Armitstead’s group is Brazilian – Flavia Oliveira, drawing big cheers from the home crowd. It will take quite an effort for either to take a medal home now, with 3.5km to go. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.00pm EDT 15:00 The time gaps are jumping around a fair bit, but Abbott still leads the chasing trio by 20 seconds. Armitstead’s group haven’t been able to reel them in, with Van der Breggen, Johansson and Borghini upping the pace in search of a medal. Van Vleuten’s crash is casting a shadow over this finale; I’ll pass on any news as soon as I get it. Updated at 3.05pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.59pm EDT 14:59 Here’s more on Mara Abbott, who is just 6km from being crowned Olympic champion: Mara Abbott fighting anorexia and financial chasm as she chases third Giro Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.58pm EDT 14:58 Abbott leads by 30 seconds, with the chasing trio being drawn in by Lizzie Armitstead’s group, which also contains Niewiadoma and Switzerland’s Jolanda Neff. Armitstead is in the hunt for a medal here... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.55pm EDT 14:55 Abbott moves into the lead, with Van Vleuten still lying prone in the road. Really hope that she’s alright, it was a horrible crash. Abbott leads by 40 seconds, having come through the descent unscathed. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.53pm EDT 14:53 Van Vleuten has crashed! Taking on a slippery corner, the Dutch rider loses control and collides with a kerb, falling forward and off the side of the road. That looked really nasty. Updated at 2.55pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.50pm EDT 14:50 Van Vleuten has opened a lead of a few seconds as she negotiates a hairpin, with the trees clearing and Rio opening out in front of her. It does appear to be raining here, and Abbott has eased off considerably. The chasing trio – Van der Breggen, Johansson and Borghini – are on their way downhill, and Armitstead’s group appear to be closing the gap on them... Netherlands’ Annemiek Van Vleuten. Photograph: Bryn Lennon/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 7.32pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.48pm EDT 14:48 Van Vleuten tries to ratchet up the pace, but Abbott sticks to her wheel, and the leading pair are about to start this long, snaking descent down towards the Copacabana. Abbott isn’t a strong descender, but perhaps a naturally more conservative approach will pay off... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.46pm EDT 14:46 Van Vleuten and Abbott, both accomplished riders but not favourites even in their own teams, have a lead of 20 seconds or so, with the summit approaching. They’re followed by Van der Breggen, Johansson and Borghini, with Armitstead’s group further down the road. 15km and one hellish descent to go... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.43pm EDT 14:43 Van der Breggen and Borghini have been dropped, and Johansson has caught them to form a chasing trio, behind Van Vleuten and Abbott. There is still a fearsome descent to come, so this is very much up for grabs. It’s not over yet for Armitstead, in a group with Evelyn Stevens, Niewadoma and others, almost a minute down on the leaders. Updated at 3.22pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.39pm EDT 14:39 The time checks haven’t been entirely reliable today, but Armitstead is reportedly 50 seconds behind the leading quartet, who are enjoying the brief descent before the final ascent at Vista Chinesa. Sweden’s Emma Johansson, part of that leading group, is now on her own, but is gaining ground on the more gradual final climb. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.36pm EDT 14:36 Four riders have broken away, still led by the indefatigable Mara Abbott. Dutch team-mates Anna van der Breggen and Annemiek van Vleuten are there, as is Italy’s Elisa Longo Borghini, a strong sprinter and descender. Armitstead and Niewiadoma are working together to stay in touch, some 20 seconds down the hill. Updated at 2.37pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.33pm EDT 14:33 Abbott continues to lead the way as they negotiate the second part of this climb. Armitstead has fallen away from the main group of seven, but is locked on the wheel of Niewiadoma, a fine climber. So, it could be worse. Updated at 2.33pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.31pm EDT 14:31 Vos and Ferrand-Prevot are both finding things tough after their previous efforts, while at the front, Italy’s Tatiana Guderzo is at the head of an unruly clutch of riders trying to break away. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.29pm EDT 14:29 The charging peloton absorb that group of seven leaders, and there’s now a leading group of around 20 riders. The footage didn’t show us exactly how the chasing pack caught the leaders so quickly, but US rider Mara Abbott is setting a blistering pace up this climb. Armitstead is still in touch with this leading group – climbing is not her forte, so she’ll be hoping to hang on and regroup on the descent. The peleton rides past a fan holding the Brazilian flag. Photograph: Pavel Golovkin/AP Updated at 7.38pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.25pm EDT 14:25 The middle section of the final climb at Canoas is taking its toll on the leaders, and the pack. The gap is down to 20 seconds, with nobody willing to make a solo break, while the peloton has been trimmed to a group of around a dozen riders – with Lizzie Armitstead a little further back... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.24pm EDT 14:24 This final climb is a very different animal to the gradual gradient of Grota Funda – a series of steep, sharp ramps and sinewy descents that suit Vos nicely, but are causing problems for others. Vekemans is clinging on in front, while Armstrong, Garfoot, Pooley and Zabelinskaya have fallen away from the peloton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.21pm EDT 14:21 The leading group in full: Trixi Worrack (Germany), Pauline Ferrand-Prevot (France), Marianne Vos (Netherlands), Anisha Vekemans (Belgium), Elena Cecchini (Italy), Gracie Elvin (Australia) and Malgorzata Jasinska (Poland). They are tackling the steepest section of the climb, with the peloton now 50sec behind. Vos and Ferrand-Prevot doing most of the work at the front; expect an attack sooner rather than later. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.18pm EDT 14:18 The leading group of seven have reached the Joá climb, the first ramp of three in quick succession that make up the final ascent. Their lead is 1min 20sec, and the peloton may have run out of time to draw them in. Much will depend on how the leaders work together, but the gap is holding steady – bad news for Lizzie Armitstead, stuck in the main pack. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.14pm EDT 14:14 Barry Glendenning In other wind news, Team GB women cyclists have just fallen for the oldest trick in the book and missed a move on the flat, where a few riders took advantage of crosswinds to leave the bunch behind. Bad news for them, but good news for those of us tasked with writing 850-word sidebars about wind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.14pm EDT 14:14 Marianne Vos takes her turn at the front of the leading group, who are working together with greater fluency than the main group. They’re moving at 52km/h, the peloton at 48km/h. Vos could be set to win gold at her third straight Olympic Games – she won on the track in Beijing, and on the road in London. She’s also won world and European golds on the road and in cyclo-cross, and two world track titles. In short, more gold than Scrooge McDuck. Updated at 2.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.09pm EDT 14:09 We’ve seen very little of Lizzie Armitstead since that brief moment of drama early in the race – she is now visible to the left of the main pack, while Kristin Armstrong and Lotta Lepisto are upping the pace at the front. There’s still a lack of rhythm, individuals leading the way rather than rotating to maintain a pace – and the gap is heading out to one minute. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.07pm EDT 14:07 After a serene last 10km, the pack are being put under real pressure by this breakaway. Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, triple world champion, is in the leading group – but no riders from the USA, or indeed, Team GB – have made it across. The seven leaders are: Worrack, Ferrand-Prevot, Vos, Vekemans, Cecchini, Australia’s Gracie Elvin and Poland’s Malgorzata Jasinska. They lead by 40 seconds, as the peloton struggle to organise themselves. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.04pm EDT 14:04 It’s 3pm in Rio, but looks more like dusk as the weather turns gloomy. There’s mist in the air, and rain could fall on the final descent, which doesn’t bear thinking about. A group of six riders have joined Worrack, and have upped the pace significantly, opening up a 20-second lead. They include Marianne Vos, Anisha Vekemans and Italy’s Elena Cecchini. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.01pm EDT 14:01 The peloton squeeze into single file as the German team try to pick up the pace on the most exposed stretch of the run back to Rio, where the winds are still whipping across the road. They lack a pure climber and need to try and make something happen – and Worrack makes a move! There’s just under 40km to go, but only 15km or so until the race passes back over the first climb at Joà, immediately before the final 8.5km ascent, with an average gradient of 5.7%. Updated at 2.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.56pm EDT 13:56 All four German riders are at the front, with the three Australians still in the race right behind. All the major players are in this leading group of 30 or 40 riders, as they make their way past the Olympic golf course. Plenty of riders dropping back to team cars to pick up instructions. This could be a very casual roll up to the final climb and descent, which wreaked such havoc in yesterday’s race. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.49pm EDT 13:49 Just under 50km to go, with the next 20 a flat, straight run back east along the coast. The Canadian riders are at the front of the group, who are about to end Cordon’s doomed breakaway bid. The winds have dropped, increasing the chances that this race will be settled on the final, two-part climb at Vista Chinesa. Updated at 1.50pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.47pm EDT 13:47 Megan Guarnier is one name many have tipped to be among the medals, but the American has kept a low profile so far, staying at the back of the main group. She’s now been joined by two team-mates – Armstrong and Evelyn Stevens. Another chasing group forms, with seven riders grouping together in pursuit of Cordon, including team-mate Pauline Ferrand-Prevot – but indecision costs them again, and the group reel them in. Cordon still out in front, possibly not for long. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.44pm EDT 13:44 On the last few bends before a return to the coast, Cordon is out of sight of the pack, with a 10-second lead. Marianne Vos, defending Olympic champion, has dropped back to collect water bottles for her Dutch team-mates. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.41pm EDT 13:41 The peloton, trimmed down a little but still home to most of the race’s 68 starters, are easing down the descent, before the turn back towards central Rio. After taking that entire climb in neutral, the attacks begin as the road flattens out – France’s Audrey Cordon, who starred at La Course before a late crash, has carved out a five-second gap. Updated at 1.41pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.36pm EDT 13:36 An uneasy truce has broken out among the peloton, with the German and Dutch teams easing off the accelerators for the time being. Van Dijk and Vos still at the front, joined by Katarzyna Niewiadoma – the Polish rider is a legitimate contender for gold. It’s been a while since we saw a British rider near the front – Armitstead, Pooley and Harris are all tucked in near the middle of the bunch. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.31pm EDT 13:31 60km to go, and the bunch, give or take a few back markers, are back together for the second trip over the Grota Funda climb. It’s unlikely to stay that way, with the chance to break away before a pan-flat run back past the Olympic Park. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.27pm EDT 13:27 Plenty of pedigree in this leading group, but they have just 13 seconds on the peloton on a flattish stretch between this circuit’s two climbs. Plenty of ebb and flow to the race, but no decisive moves yet. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.24pm EDT 13:24 Just as the peloton had merged together, the tricky descent blows it apart again – there’s now around 20 riders leading the way, with Dutch riders van Dijk and Vos out in front. Armitstead is part of the main group, tucked in alongside her team-mates. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.21pm EDT 13:21 The chasing group are caught at the top of that 1.3km climb, but Van Dijk is still in place to lead them down a series of switchbacks on the descent. This is where that chasing group got started last time around; now there’s no leader further up the road. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.18pm EDT 13:18 Back on the steep, staccato Grumari climb, and Kopecky, suddenly feeling the pain, is caught by the leaders. Van Dijk tries to mount a counter charge, but the peloton are in hot pursuit... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.15pm EDT 13:15 Zabelinskaya, now at the front of the peloton, was only cleared to compete last Friday – her compatriot, Tour de France stage winner Ilnur Zakarin, didn’t have time to get to Rio for the men’s race after their successful appeal. The main pack, now thinned down to around 30 riders, is within sight of those up the road. Bad news for another Canadian rider – Tara Whitten has abandoned the race. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.12pm EDT 13:12 Counter attacks galore on the Grota Funda climb, while at the back of the pack, a clash of wheels forces Canada’s Karol-Ann Canuel off her bike. Kopecky has returned to the cobbled stretch on her second trip around this circuit, but now leads by just 30 seconds, with the peloton 30 seconds behind that chasing group. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.07pm EDT 13:07 Pooley has pulled away from the main bunch, followed by Australia’s Gracie Elvin and defending champion Marianne Vos. In one of those fractious moments typical of road cycling, Pooley asks one of her cohorts to take a turn in front, they all look at one another, and are swiftly swallowed up by the peloton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.01pm EDT 13:01 Katrin Garfoot was last seen trying to reach the chasing group, but fell back into the peloton – and we’re now hearing that the Australian has has had to abandon. The chasers have stabilised, finding a collective rhythm to sit one minute behind Kopecky, and one minute ahead of the peloton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.00pm EDT 13:00 Elsewhere in Rio, Serena Williams is on court, Fiji are beating Mexico at football, and Juan Martin Del Petro has just been freed from a lift. Follow all the action with Jacob Steinberg: Rio Olympics 2016: tennis, swimming, gymnastics, boxing and more – live! Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.56pm EDT 12:56 Despite the pedigree in that chasing group, they haven’t been able to close in on Kopecky – in fact, they are being caught by the pack on the way up this climb, thanks to a steely effort from Pooley, who has led the charge on climbs twice already today. Kopecky is now descending, still leading by 1min 20sec, but almost upended by a worker clearing the leaves off the road. More high farce narrowly avoided. Updated at 12.57pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.54pm EDT 12:54 Kopecky being reeled in by the chasing quintet of Van Dijk, Bronzini, Armstrong, Worrack and Plichta. The gap is down to around 1min 30sec, with Pooley now trying to drive the peloton forward, with the gap to the chasers just 20 seconds. We do now have some aerial shots, and they show the pack being stretched out at the foot of the next climb, the Grota Funda. Updated at 12.59pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.51pm EDT 12:51 Nick Honeywell has some issues with the TV coverage: “after watching Kopecky struggle up the climb I was interested to see how the peloton fared in comparison. But, nope. They cut to the chaser instead, and by the time they do cut to the peloton the climb is almost over.” There have been problems – we seem to be stuck with unreliable motorbike footage, with organisers claiming that helicopters are grounded. An excuse foiled by the fact you can hear helicopters in the background on the commentary. Updated at 12.53pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.48pm EDT 12:48 Armstrong has also bridged the gap, so Australia and Great Britain are the only major nations without anyone up the road – for Australia, Katrin Garfoot moves up the road. Team GB, with Pooley back in contention, are happy to sit tight. Teams without a rider among the leaders will inevitably have to work harder to close the gap, however. Updated at 12.51pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 Worrack, the last rider to bridge the gap to that chasing group, had her kidney removed in March, following a crash which left her with serious injuries. It’s incredible that she’s even taking part. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.44pm EDT 12:44 The pack has been forced apart by that climb, with a few notable riders struggling to keep up – Emma Pooley, Lotta Lepisto and France’s Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who was among the pre-race favourites. Up the road, Van Dijk and Bronzini have been joined by Poland’s Anna Plichta and German Trixi Worrack, that quartet making a formidable chasing group. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.40pm EDT 12:40 Some heavy hitters making their presence felt at the front of the pack, with the Dutch and American teams stepping up the pace on the Grumari climb. Ellen van Dijk, who nearly stole La Course victory with a late break, has raced clear, chased by Italian rider Giorgina Bronzini. Kasper has given up the ghost, rejoining her German team-mates in the pack. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 The cobblestones marked the start of the Grumari circuit, a 25km loop taking in the short, steep Grumari climb, before a turn inland to tackle the more gradual Grota Funda ascent. Then they do it all again, before heading back down the coast. There are still 92km to go, with Kopecky’s lead slashed to 2min 30sec. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.33pm EDT 12:33 We are onto the cobbles now, the peloton making a hell of a racket as they rattle along this section. A couple of riders, including Australia’s Rachel Neylan, affected by chains coming loose – as we saw in the men’s race yesterday. Armitstead is nicely placed at the front of the pack, being guided through this tricky stretch by Harris. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Rio 2016 Cycling Olympic Games Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Rio 2016 Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Community Shield Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United: Community Shield – as it happened Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored the winner as Manchester United kicked off the season by beating Leicester City 2-1 to win the Community Shield Read David Hytner’s on-the-whistle match report from Wembley Updated Zlatan Ibrahimovic celebrates after scoring the winning goal for Manchester United. Photograph: Tim Ireland/AP Nick Miller @NickMiller79 Sunday 7 August 2016 13.05 EDT Last modified on Sunday 7 August 2016 13.22 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 12.56pm EDT 12:56 Full-time: Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United 12.43pm EDT 12:43 GOAL! Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United (Ibrahimovic 83) 12.13pm EDT 12:13 GOAL! Leicester City 1-1 Manchester United (Vardy 52) 11.49am EDT 11:49 Half-time: Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United 11.34am EDT 11:34 GOAL! Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United (Lingard 32) 10.07am EDT 10:07 Team news 9.41am EDT 09:41 Preamble Live feed Show 1.21pm EDT 13:21 Read David Hytner’s match report from Wembley right here: Zlatan Ibrahimovic guides Manchester United to Community Shield win over Leicester Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.05pm EDT 13:05 And that’s yer lot. Leicester trudge up the steps for the most pointless medals in football, while United will lift that big plate shortly. Cheers for reading, we’ll see you soon. Wayne Rooney lifts the 2016 Community Shield Trophy. Photograph: Michael Regan/The FA via Getty Images Updated at 1.19pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.00pm EDT 13:00 And so, Manchester United set themselves up for a successful season by winning the Community Shield! Ben McAleer (@BenMcAleer1) pic.twitter.com/be2HxIqNTb August 7, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.58pm EDT 12:58 Entertaining full-time whistle there - Schmeichel was up in the United box again, and as the ball was cleared Ibrahimovic takes it clear and has a chance to score, but the referee blows up. There’s a brief moment of confusion before the United fans realise they’ve won. Bit weird, quite funny. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.56pm EDT 12:56 Full-time: Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP! United win the Community Shield! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.56pm EDT 12:56 90 mins + 5: Another colossal throw from Hernandez, it drops to Gray and Leicester claim his shot was charged down by an arm, but nothing doing there. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.55pm EDT 12:55 90 mins + 4: Schmeichel stays up for a long, long throw from Hernandez, which causes a degree of chaos in the box, but De Gea eventually claims. There’s a brief moment of disagreement between some of the United defenders and Schmeichel, but they’re all friends in the end. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.53pm EDT 12:53 90 mins + 3: Mata is the man going off for Mkhitaryan. Man, unless that’s an injury, Mourinho really hates Mata... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.53pm EDT 12:53 90 mins + 2: Corner, and Schmeichel’s up for it...but it sails over his head and Drinkwater’s shot is charged down. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.51pm EDT 12:51 90 mins: Four minutes added time. If he’s lucky, Henrikh Mkhitaryan might get a few minutes of running around. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.50pm EDT 12:50 89 mins: Another change for Leicester as they go for the equaliser - Leonardo Ulloa is on for Huth. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.50pm EDT 12:50 88 mins: Little hint of offside about the goal. Zlatan’s toe might have been off - which counts, obviously, but let’s let the lino off that one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.48pm EDT 12:48 87 mins: Another sub for United - Rooney is replaced by Morgan Schneiderlin. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 85 mins: Chance wasted for Leicester. A corner finds its way out to Schlupp, who drives into the box on the left and crosses to the back post. There’s Mahrez, who perhaps could have shot first time but instead controls, then dithers, and the chance is gone, Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.44pm EDT 12:44 83 mins: He’s been quiet/ineffective for most of the game, but Ibrahimovic may well have scored the winner: Valencia gets down the right side of the box and clips a cross into the box, where Ibrahimovic gets above Morgan, directs a header back across goal and it just creeps inside the far post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.43pm EDT 12:43 GOAL! Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United (Ibrahimovic 83) And there he is. Ibrahimovic rises above Morgan to head in United’s second. Photograph: Glyn Kirk/AFP/Getty Images And celebrates. Photograph: Glyn Kirk/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 12.54pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.42pm EDT 12:42 81 mins: Yeesh, Musa goes close. A long throw into the box is flicked on by Huth and Musa, falling backwards on the edge of the six-yard box, back-heads the ball just over the bar. Possibly should have done better. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.41pm EDT 12:41 80 mins: Another sub - this time it’s Jeffrey Schlupp on for Fuchs. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.40pm EDT 12:40 79 mins: Corner from the right, and the ball finds its way to Rooney, who knocks it back to Ibrahimovic, but his shot is underhit and doesn’t threaten the goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.39pm EDT 12:39 78 mins: A long ball down the right for United is chased by Valencia, the Leicester defence dithers rather but eventually Schmeichel races out and clears. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.38pm EDT 12:38 77 mins: Rashford is sparky straight away, and wins a corner which Rooney puts into the box. Bailly then zips around like a balloon that’s just been let go, loses his boot and barrels Gray over. Feisty stuff. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 75 mins: Ooof - Vardy goes in on Mata with two feet, for which he’s booked: he complains at length, but he might be a little lucky the punishment wasn’t even more severe. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 74 mins: Ibrahimovic tries a little flick over the top looking for Rooney, but doesn’t get it high enough. The Swedish ego hasn’t been especially effective so far. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.32pm EDT 12:32 71 mins: Bailly goes into the book, after shoving Vardy over fairly pointlessly - the Leicester striker was heading towards the touchline with not much support. The big silly. Drinkwater whips in the free-kick and it nearly eludes De Gea, but he manages to get there and make the save. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.30pm EDT 12:30 69 mins: Subs for United - Shaw gets a breather, and Marcos Rojo gets a go, while Marcus Rashford comes on for Martial. One of those arrivals is greeted with a little more enthusiasm from the stands than the other. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.29pm EDT 12:29 68 mins: Gray is R.A.P.I.D. He streaks through the middle at a ferocious pace, but just loses control of the ball as he approaches the area. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 67 mins: Mendy and Fellaini clash, the former coming away with the ball. There’s a round of applause around the stadium for the England 1966 World Cup winners, some of whom are in the stands. Try to control your pedantry. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.25pm EDT 12:25 64 mins: Ibrahimovic tries a pass down the left channel for Rooney, but it was overhit and hugely optimistic about Rooney’s pace. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23pm EDT 12:23 63 mins: And Juan Mata is on for Lingard. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23pm EDT 12:23 62 mins: Couple of changes for Leicester now - Nampalys Mendy is on for King, while Luis Hernandez replaces Simpson, who’s been given a chasing for much of the game. Meanwhile Lingard has taken his boot off and sat down on the pitch. He’ll be going off shortly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.22pm EDT 12:22 61 mins: Subs ahoy - United first, as Ander Herrera comes on for Carrick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 60 mins: Fuchs is seemingly knocked over by Valencia, everyone half-stops on the assumption that a free-kick is imminent, but nothing doing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19pm EDT 12:19 58 mins: Ibrahimovic feeds Rooney on the right, who crosses from the corner of the area to the back post. Fellaini goes up with Simpson, by which I mean he climbs all over the right-back’s shoulders and is suitably penalised. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 56 mins: Getting sparkier now. Leicester counter, and Gray tries a shot from outside the area, but it’s far too weak and De Gea gets the long barrier behind it and saves. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 55 mins: King goes into the book for a foul on Lingard, for which he raked down the United man’s Achilles. He tries a nice variant on the ‘point at the ball to display I won it’ by picking up said ball and brandishing it in front of the ref. No dice. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.15pm EDT 12:15 54 mins: Rooney tries to get United back ahead with a shot from range and, hmmm, yes, well. We’ll just say it didn’t go in. Very didn’t go in. Massively didn’t go in. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.14pm EDT 12:14 52 mins: Oh boy, Fellaini. A fine run from Musa down the left and he stabs it infield, but Fellaini is there to collect it easily and poke it back to De Gea saf...oh, wait, no - he badly underhits the pass, Vardy nips in, takes it round the keeper and slips it home from a tight angle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.13pm EDT 12:13 GOAL! Leicester City 1-1 Manchester United (Vardy 52) And from nothing they’re level! Vardy runs through to score the equaliser. Photograph: John Sibley/Reuters Taking the ball round De Gea before slotting home. Photograph: Adam Davy/PA And celebrates. Photograph: John Sibley/Reuters Updated at 12.24pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.12pm EDT 12:12 51 mins: Shaw misses a header and Mahrez picks up the ball, but then a combination of dithering from Vardy and Musa gives up the chance. Drinkwater then tries a slide-rule pass through the defence that isn’t slidey or ruley enough. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.10pm EDT 12:10 49 mins: More smart work from Martial down the left, but he cuts his cross back behind the onrushing attackers. Ibrahimovic lays it back to Rooney on the edge of the area, but he hesitates enough that he can’t take a first time shot, and then when he does try to control it bounces five yards away. That traffic bollard touch of Rooney’s again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.09pm EDT 12:09 48 mins: Musa tries to break through the middle and is stopped by a fine Bailly tackle. Aside from one premature lunge in the first-half, United’s new centre-back has looked pretty impressive so far. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 46 mins: And we’re away. Drinkwater tries a ball down the line but his pass is overhit. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 Couple of changes at half-time - Demarai Gray is coming on for Leicester, as is new man Ahmed Musa. Okazaki and Albrighton are the ones coming off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 United probably deserve the lead, although Leicester did have a pretty good spell of possession in the middle of the half there. Vardy’s had a few moments of danger and Okazaki went close twice in the space of a minute or so. But United have clearly been more threatening, particularly down the left where Martial continues to me a terror. Simpson is...having a bad afternoon. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.49am EDT 11:49 Half-time: Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United Peeeeeeeeeeeeeep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.48am EDT 11:48 45 mins: Albrighton bawls out the linesman for not giving him a corner, Mourinho screams at his players to ‘PRESS THE BALL’. Calm down guys, where’s your sense of charit...erm, community? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.47am EDT 11:47 44 mins: Mahrez has been quiet. He cuts in from the left and is eased away from the ball by Shaw, then Rooney - deep again - is there to nick the ball off his toes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 42 mins: Quiet spell. Albrighton tries to flick a header to Vardy but it doesn’t get there. At what point in this game do the players stop trying? They probably should do at some point... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.42am EDT 11:42 39 mins: And the inevitable happens. Simpson goes into the book for the most blatant block on Rooney as the United skipper knocks it past him. When you’re not confident about beating Rooney in a foot race... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.41am EDT 11:41 38 mins: Simpson is getting a chasing so far, largely from Martial. He then drags Ibrahimovic to the ground. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.40am EDT 11:40 37 mins: Corner for Leicester, which is swung to the near post for King, who gets up for the header and sticks it comfortably wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.39am EDT 11:39 36 mins: Some good pace from United. Shaw bombs forward from left-back and tries a cross, that is blocked, but the intent is encouraging from their perspective. One of their great problems has been a lack of speed, so if Shaw carries on like that they’ll be golden. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 34 mins: Schmeichel was thoroughly displeased with how his team defended that Lingard run, and you can’t blame him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 32 mins: Smashing goal from Jesse Lingard, picking up the ball in midfield and streaking through the heart of the Leicester defence. He beats one man, then sneaks past Morgan who committed too early to a strong challenge, then guides it into the net via a slight touch from Schmeichel. Terrific work. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.34am EDT 11:34 GOAL! Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United (Lingard 32) Against the run of play, that... Lingard scores the opener. Photograph: Andrew Couldridge/Reuters And celebrates. Photograph: Ian Kington/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 11.40am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.33am EDT 11:33 30 mins: As Leicester have more of the ball, Rooney has dropped deeper and deeper. He tries to create something in the middle but leaves the ball behind. Wayne, you’re not a midfielder anymore... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Community Shield Leicester City Manchester United Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Community Shield Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Small Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News National Environment Health Education Photo Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Startup Growing Managing More Work In Progress The Venture Franchising Trends More The Big Idea Entrepreneur Marketing Finance Tech Resources Experts More Ask Our Experts Tax Time Home Business Small Biz Startup August 7 2016 Save Print License article Airbnb for wedding venues: unique idea blossoms into WedShed The options for wedding venues haven't changed much for decades. Will Wedshed change this? Larissa Ham Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More When you're trying to help a friend find a beautiful, original venue to tie the knot in, where do you turn? It was a question on the minds of Sydney friends Amy Parfett and Melany McBride a few years ago. Living in London at the time, a mate back home had asked them to help in her wedding search – so naturally, they turned to Google.   Waldara, a part time wedding venue. Photo: Tim Williams However rather than bringing up a wealth of unique venue options, Google simply left them scratching their heads. "We were boggled that it wasn't the case," says Amy Parfett. Melany McBride and Amy Parfett started WedShed together. Photo: Scott Surplice "The same traditional, function-style weddings kept popping up." Staying in Airbnbs around Europe during their travels, Parfett says their friend's dilemma remained in their minds, and eventually triggered an idea. Advertisement "The concept of renting out private property for personal space or events was becoming less and less foreign; we couldn't believe no one was doing the same in the wedding space," says Parfett. "We sat on the idea for a couple of years until it felt really urgent." So in March 2015, after six months working on their new venture part-time, they launched WedShed. The long-time friends, both 29, describe their site as a "bit like Airbnb, but for wedding venues". Casa Ciana in NSW set up for celebrations.  Photo: Figtree Wedding Photography The site now has about 150 diverse listings – everything from airplane hangars, to boats, whiskey distilleries, woolsheds and a former prison. The venue owners pay an annual fee to WedShed and handle all inquiries directly. "There's a good percentage of people that are completely new to hosting weddings," says Parfett. "They've just realised they've got space on the farm or a workshop that's only used a few weeks a year. "It's as hands-on or as hands-off as they want." Kayla Atkins, 24, and her sister Melissa, 22, run one of the venues listed on WedShed, after inheriting a farm in Bathurst from their grandparents about five years ago. The 70-hectare farm BoxGrove, about 2.5 hours west of Sydney, had already long been offering farm stay accommodation. But the entrepreneurial sisters set up a hairdressing and beauty salon on the site, and are now building a purpose-built barn to host luxurious farm weddings. "In Bathurst there's a real shortage of wedding venues," says Kayla. "We're only 10 minutes from town, but it feels like you're in the middle of nowhere." BoxGrove is still a working farm, with Angus cattle, sheep and lucerne hay. But come September, gowns will be just as much a feature at the farm as gumboots. Melissa will be the first to tie the knot in the new barn, followed by another 26 wedding bookings. Kayla says about 75 per cent of their bookings have come through WedShed. They also plan to list on sites such as Equally Wed. Meanwhile, Parfett and McBride have also been walking the talk. Parfett arrived in a ute to her wedding in a hayshed in Mudgee last year, and McBride exchanged vows with her new husband on a Kangaroo Valley farm last New Year's Eve. Parfett says discovering new venues reminds them both of their big days. "It's torture – we just want to get married again and again." The response to their site has been huge, with traffic to the site growing about 30 per cent a month. "We've had different farmers that have told us that weddings have now overtaken their form of farming as the main revenue," says Parfett. "It has had a flow-on effect on a lot of small businesses around them as well." About 200 vendors, including hairdressers, caterers, florists and celebrants, are also listed on the site. The average Australian wedding costs about $36,000, according to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Parfett says the cost of their venues can range from public halls in the hundreds of dollars up to about $10,000. "There's definitely the potential of saving money, or at least putting your money into things that are more important to you for the day." Whatever the venue, Parfett says WedShed is targeting not "bridezillas'', but "the more relaxed kind of bridechilla". Like many businesses, their own wallets have suffered in their early years, as they reinvest back into the business. Before they launched, the two "lady wives" took on the management of running weddings at a farm in Kangaroo Valley, NSW, allowing them to learn about the challenges of hosting weddings. It also enabled them to bootstrap their start-up. Parfett says the wedding industry is ripe for disruption, with many new ideas creeping in during the past five years. "I think there's definitely room for people to get into this space and do some more creative and interesting stuff." Next up for WedShed is New Zealand, where they plan to launch in about three months. Follow MySmallBusiness on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. Advertisement 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Australia Can't Afford A Gap Between ... Contains: External link Being Savvy About Money Is The New Cool Contains: External link Most Popular Three tips to fire up your brain Insurance startup moves to UK market Ten worst office dress offences Follow My Small Business Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Small Business Three tips to fire up your brain One thing you can start today to help your business Insurance startup moves to UK market Best way to minimise the income tax payable on your sale Disability doesn't mean entrepreneurial inability WA Today Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow Ben Cousins under police guard in hospital after minor car crash Call it what it is: Western Australia is heading for a recession Is the mysterious English-speaking girl on the streets of Rome from WA? Incredible dashcam footage of two Perth cars running a red light The Sydney Morning Herald Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow Aussie teen released as white powder test is 'negative': Bali police chief University of Sydney beats Oxford, Cambridge in new global rankings The Age AFL's Scott twins mourning unexpected family tragedy Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow 'Our hearts all sunk': Year 12 student dies in storm asthma disaster Lifting the grade: tough new standards for Victorian teachers Feeling okay? That could be because you're in the Sydney-Melbourne bubble Brisbane Times 'Screams got louder' as box was pushed into Logan dam: court Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow Man dead, another critically injured after 'horrific' stabbing 'Serious errors': Qld government staff stood down upon review into tot's death Woman who had sex with dog 'should not own pets' Canberra Times Man dies after falling from QT Hotel in Canberra How a bike ride turned to tragedy for a Canberra dad Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow Home owners in limbo as Fyshwick builder collapses 'Untrue': Public service boss rages against union after historic no vote WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2016Fairfax Media Website Feedback
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 7 °C Wednesday 23 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags family aoosm Apps Beta browsers First look modes PCs smartphone Testing See other tags Tags Sunday 7 Aug, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/2907510 Want to try out new phone features before anyone else? Sign up for beta testing Once you’re aware of the obvious risks with such an approach, it’s useful in trying out features in advance. Aug 7th 2016, 11:00 AM 11,796 Views 2 Comments Share5 Tweet Email EVERYONE WANTS THE latest features to arrive now, but while many are announced in advance, you can end up waiting a while before they finally arrive. But if you wanted to skip the waiting or just get a taste of new or potential features, you can sign up for beta testing. For Android devices, you can try out the beta version of apps pretty easily but if you wanted to go a step further, you can even try out the beta versions for the software that runs your smartphone and PC. Developers release them this way so they can identify and get rid of any bugs or flaws. While the purpose is for users to provide feedback, you can still just install it and use it for your own purposes. Upcoming apps Risk: Low as they’re brand new apps. If you own an Android device, you can look out for apps that are currently in beta testing mode. When you visit the Google Play store, you can find the Early Access section on the home page (scroll the bubble menu right to left). Popular apps Risk: Low/medium. You will likely come across bugs but reverting to the normal version is pretty straightforward. For the more popular apps like Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Google, and Facebook Messenger, it’s easy to sign up now. If you visit their page on Google Play, you can scroll down to the bottom of the page where you will see an opt-in option. Tapping it will ensure the next update will be the beta version. Browser Risk: Low as you can have both official and beta version installed separately. All of the major browsers have beta versions you can download alongside the official (stable) version. You can download the beta version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Opera directly from their sites. The exception is Microsoft Edge which is only available via the Windows Insider programme. Operating systems Risk: High as you’re replacing stable software. The chances of you encountering annoying or disruptive bugs is high, especially if you have an older device. If you wanted to go a little further, you can sign up to beta programmes for major software offerings like iOS, Android, macOS, Windows 10 and Chrome OS. While signing up to them mean you get to test out features in advance of their release, the drawback to this is there will be bugs (hence the beta tag) so if things go wrong, your device can become unstable. It’s strongly recommend you back up important files first before you proceed with this. And in certain cases like iOS and Android, the official release of iOS 10 and Nougat will arrive in September so you don’t have long to wait anyway. iOS and macOS: To start, you need to sign up to Apple’s beta software programme which requires your Apple ID and password. Once that’s done, you need to follow the instructions and download the necessary files on the relevant device. On Mac, you can install it directly, but on iPhone, you need to go into Settings > General > Software Update to install it. Source: Apple Windows 10: You can sign up through the Windows Insider programme which requires you to sign in with your Microsoft account. Once you download the media creation tool for it and follow the instructions. Chrome OS: Go into Settings > About > More Info… > Change Channel and you will see three options: Stable, Beta and Developer – unstable. Android: To do this, you need to sign up for the Android Beta website and sign in with your Google account. Only a small number of devices are eligible for it but it will tell you anyway. Source: Google Read: The iPhone gets one last ‘important security update’ before iOS 10 launch > Read: Your phone’s battery life is being used to track you online > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Quinton O'Reilly @qoreilly quinton@thejournal.ie See more articles by Quinton O'Reilly Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/beta-testing-apps-software-2907510-Aug2016/?embedpost=2907510&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/beta-testing-apps-software-2907510-Aug2016/?embedpost=2907510&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/beta-testing-apps-software-2907510-Aug2016/?embedpost=2907510&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Want to try out new phone features before anyone else? Sign up for beta testing”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Want to try out new phone features before anyone else? Sign up for beta testing”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (2 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions The Central Bank Governor on why deposit limits are 'not targets but ceilings' Philip Lane Governor Philip Lane explains why the Central Bank wants to make things easier for first-time buyers. Opinion: 'Rural Ireland is not dead. It’s on the verge of great things.' David Minton We are a country renowned for our innovation and problem solving. Let’s fix Rural Ireland, writes David Minton. President Higgins: "We must share vigilance of not letting anti-Semitism spread again" Michael D. Higgins World Jewish Conference delegates hear Higgins address concerns over ‘walls’ and ‘fear’ challenging the world. Most Popular Today 1 Maynooth pub donates proceeds to family of student Kym Owens following violent attack 25,353  31 1 The Irish Internet Association looks for new purpose after members vote to save it 24  0 1 'Donnacha Ryan's taken on a Paulie-like role': Henderson heaping pressure on seasoned locks 9,946  19 1 16 deadly Irish Christmas jumpers you can buy this year 3,705  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Jurors at Sean FitzPatrick trial told they'll be needed until well into next year Son of deceased billionaire businessman kept a loaded gun over his bed Schoolgirl receives €35,000 after her face was cut at a Leisureplex GARDAí Temperatures to fall as low as -4 tonight as cold snap settles in Man forced stepdaughter to wear dog collar as he carried out abuse, court hears Woman charged over fatal stabbing says she acted in self-defence DUBLIN Flights to and from Dublin cancelled after Lufthansa pilots strike Snapchat mates and baby-making: Douglas' Dublin links are strong Wax Museum set to close its doors in less than two weeks FRANCE Man finds €3.5 million worth of gold in house he inherited New Zealand's Fekitoa banned but Cane escapes further punishment Two Qatari women robbed of valuables worth €5 million in Paris motorway heist ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Want to try out new phone features before anyone else? Sign up for beta testing Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Championship Queens Park Rangers 3-0 Leeds United: Championship – as it happened A very impressive performance from Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink’s QPR saw them beat a largely anonymous Leeds 3-0 at Loftus Road. Updated Queens Park Rangers celebrate taking an early lead against Leeds United. Photograph: Robbie Stephenson/JMP/REX/Shutterstock Nick Miller @NickMiller79 Sunday 7 August 2016 08.56 EDT Last modified on Sunday 7 August 2016 08.57 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 8.52am EDT 08:52 Full-time: QPR 3-0 Leeds 8.51am EDT 08:51 GOAL! QPR 3-0 Leeds (Polter 90 mins +4) 8.29am EDT 08:29 GOAL! QPR 2-0 Leeds (Chery 73) 8.29am EDT 08:29 PENALTY TO QPR! 7.46am EDT 07:46 Half-time: QPR 1-0 Leeds 7.04am EDT 07:04 GOAL! QPR 1-0 Leeds (Onouha 4) 6.09am EDT 06:09 Team news Live feed Show 8.56am EDT 08:56 And that’s your lot from this one. The Championship season is underway, the sun is shining, the Leeds fans are unhappy with their club. Everything in its right place. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.54am EDT 08:54 Very impressive that from QPR, even if Leeds were a complete non-entity, a few brief flashes aside. Chery, Polter, Luongo and Shodipo all excellent, and they kick off the season in fine style. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.52am EDT 08:52 Full-time: QPR 3-0 Leeds Peeeeeeeeeeeeeep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.52am EDT 08:52 90 mins + 4: Battering ram stuff from Polter. A long diagonal into the Leeds box is not dealt with properly by Coyle, Polter bullies him off the ball then absolutely leathers a shot into the top corner from a tight angle. Woofety woof. Coyle shouts at his colleagues, seemingly under the impression that was someone else’s fault. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.51am EDT 08:51 GOAL! QPR 3-0 Leeds (Polter 90 mins +4) Woof. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.50am EDT 08:50 90 mins + 3: Coyle does well down the right and clips a cross to the back stick, which Antonsson controls and shoots left-footed, but hits it over. A chant of ‘Massimo, time to go’ starts up from the away end. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.48am EDT 08:48 90mins + 2: This Sacko lad looks sparky - he speeds down the right, puts in a nice cross from the byline and there are some handball claims against Luongo, but nothing doing there. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.47am EDT 08:47 90 mins: Polter harasses Bartley into conceding a late corner, from the QPR left. That’s wasted, but there are four minutes of added time to come. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.44am EDT 08:44 88 mins: An appearance money change for QPR, as James Perch replaces Chery with two minutes remaining. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.44am EDT 08:44 87 mins: Sacko smacks a nice finishing into the net from the edge of the area, which would have been much better had he not fairly blatantly controlled the ball with his arm. Not sure why he wasn’t booked for that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.42am EDT 08:42 85 mins: Chery tries to, erm, well, but a cherry on top by opening up his body and trying to curl a left-footed shot into the top corner, but it’s too close to Green who makes an easy save. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.40am EDT 08:40 82 mins: Huge chance for Antonsson - he springs the offside trap and is put clean through on goal, Smithies seems to come out too far and gives Antonsson the option of either dinking it over or going round him, but he elects for a placed shot, which he places wide of the post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.38am EDT 08:38 81 mins: A long ball down the field is chased down at pace by Polter, who charges towards Green, but the keeper just calmly takes a step to one side, the ball coming with him, and clears back from whence it came. Almost makes up for the flapping for the goal, that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.37am EDT 08:37 80 mins: Sacko seems to have at least injected a little urgency into Leeds: he wins the ball and drives down the right, then slips a delicate pass into Antonsson’s path, but his attempted swept shot it deflected behind for a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.36am EDT 08:36 78 mins: No. Messing. Sky Sports EFL (@SkySportsEFL) WATCH: That is clinical. Time for QPR to dream this season? Chery converts from the penalty spot. More on SS1 now. https://t.co/znfSmuxgEO August 7, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.34am EDT 08:34 77 mins: Imagine how you’d feel if you disappointed Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink in any way. Strikes you as the sort who wouldn’t shout, just sadly shake his head. And that would be so much worse. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.31am EDT 08:31 75 mins: Sub for Leeds - Hadi Sacko comes on for Roofe, who has been quiet on day-boo. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.31am EDT 08:31 74 mins: That should be that. Leeds have been better after the break, but they haven’t turned this improvement into goals or ever really many proper chances. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.29am EDT 08:29 GOAL! QPR 2-0 Leeds (Chery 73) Left-footed, low, into the corner, no messing. Chery celebrates scoring from the penalty spot. Photograph: Javier Garcia/BPI/REX/Shutterstock Updated at 8.40am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.29am EDT 08:29 PENALTY TO QPR! 72 mins: Well, perhaps Cousins won that one, but he was clumsily barged into by Vieira and the referee points to the spot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.26am EDT 08:26 69 mins: El-Khayati is in amongst it straight away, but tries a shot when there were passes on from the left of the box. The ball breaks for Chery with a slightly better angle, and his effort is beaten away by Green at the near post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.25am EDT 08:25 68 mins: Change for QPR - Shodipo (quiet in the second half after an excellent first) is replaced by Nasser El-Khayati. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.24am EDT 08:24 67 mins: Leeds try to work a short corner but their efforts are rendered nought after Dallas commits a stupid foul. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.22am EDT 08:22 64 mins: Onouha goes in heavily on Taylor, but nothing doing from the officials there. He’s back up in rapid order, mind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.20am EDT 08:20 63 mins: Chery cuts in from the right and tries a left-footed shot, which looks to be sizzling goalwards but it takes a deflection and loops over. Corner ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.17am EDT 08:17 61 mins: Sub for Leeds - Grimes is off, and new signing Marcus Antonsson comes on, probably to play up top with Wood. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.17am EDT 08:17 60 mins: Leeds have definitely been better since the break, although that wasn’t saying a great deal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.16am EDT 08:16 59 mins: Roofe finally gets some sort of decent involvement by dispossessing Onouha and driving towards the QPR area, but he has few options and his left-footed shot from just inside the area is blocked by a sliding Hall. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.14am EDT 08:14 57 mins: Grimes goes into the book for a sort of high challenge on Shodipo, although he didn’t really make much contact and the QPR man made no protest. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.13am EDT 08:13 56 mins: Change for QPR - Gladwin, who had been walking a fine line with some of his fouls - is replaced by Jordan Cousins, the summer signing from Charlton and a splendid young midfielder. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.12am EDT 08:12 55 mins: Coyle cuts in from the right but his shot is deflected behind for a corner. That cross is put to the back post, it drifts towards the other flank where Bamba fouls Polter, pointlessly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.10am EDT 08:10 54 mins: ...but if his aim was to disrupt that wall, he fails, as Wood shoots straight into it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.10am EDT 08:10 53 mins: Another free-kick for Leeds as Gladwin takes out Vieira, this time more to the left - Grimes and Wood have their beady ones on this one. The referee takes a moment to tell off Bartley, who tries to get in and around the wall, Clive. Gladwin takes out Vieira. Photograph: Robbie Stephenson/JMP/REX/Shutterstock Updated at 8.34am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.08am EDT 08:08 51 mins: Hall pumps a long ball towards the Leeds goal and breath is held as Green comes out to take the catch...but take it he does, with an uncharacteristic lack of fuss. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.06am EDT 08:06 49 mins: Grimes hits it with plenty of swerve and dip, but just not enough of either and it drops just over the bar. The Leeds fans behind the goal give some very vocal ‘encouragement’ to former Huddersfield keeper Smithies as he takes the goal kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.05am EDT 08:05 48 mins: Free-kick for Leeds about 30 yards out, to the right of centre, which Grimes and Dallas are lining up.... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.03am EDT 08:03 46 mins: Leeds knock the ball around for a bit...and then give it away carelessly. Not the greatest start. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.02am EDT 08:02 And we’re back. Leeds are on the pitch, which is a start. Let’s see if they can do anything more advanced than that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.48am EDT 07:48 So QPR lead thanks to that shambles of an early goal, but they fully deserve to be ahead. Leeds have been a complete non-entity, with nothing from Dallas or Roofe out wide. Alex Mowatt is on the bench, so he might provide a bit of invention. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.46am EDT 07:46 Half-time: QPR 1-0 Leeds Peeeeeeeeeeeeeep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.45am EDT 07:45 45 mins: One minute of added time. Leeds gently, gently, gently creeping back into it. A bit. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.44am EDT 07:44 43 mins: Taylor slings over a cross looking for Wood in the middle, he misses it but so does Bidwell and it makes its way through to Dallas, who leans back and smacks his shot over the bar. It was miles over, but that was their best moment of the half by quite some distance. Dallas shoots, but puts the ball over the bar. Photograph: Robbie Stephenson/JMP/REX/Shutterstock Updated at 8.31am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.41am EDT 07:41 40 mins: Shodipo chases Coyle down the left and charges down a clearance. Early days, but this kid (only just 19) looks bloody mustard. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.40am EDT 07:40 39 mins: At this point Leeds only being 1-0 down at the break would be a result for them. Wood tries to feed Roofe - the debutant who has been anonymous so far - but nothing doing so far. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Championship QPR Leeds United Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Championship Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content » NME Search for: Search Music Music News Music Blogs Album Reviews New Music Photos Features Festivals Artists Lists Film Film News Film Reviews Film Blogs TV TV News TV Blogs Food Video Song Stories Basement Sessions 90 Second Interviews Eats & Beats Tickets Win Merch Home News Film News Leonardo DiCaprio’s Oscars acceptance speech caused huge surge in climate change tweets and Google searches Rhian Daly 10:29 am - Aug 7, 2016 0shares 0shares The actor spoke about the issue while picking up his first Oscar in February Getty Leonardo DiCaprio‘s Oscars acceptance speech led to a huge surge in tweets and Google searches about climate change, a new report shows. The actor spoke about the issue while picking up his first Oscar for his role in The Revenant earlier this year. “Climate change is real. It is happening right now,” he said during his speech. “It is the most urgent threat facing our entire species and we need to work collectively together and stop procrastinating.” A new paper published by PlOS ONE shows that those words caused immediate spikes in tweets and Google searches relating to climate change. As New York magazine reports, a research team tracked Google searches, news articles and Twitter activity related to climate change after DiCaprio’s speech. They compared the numbers they saw to those of two events that would be expected to raise the number of climate change related content, namely the UN’s Conference Of The Parties (COP) climate change negotiations and Earth Day. Researchers found that Google searches for “climate change” or “global warming” increased 261 percent and 210 percent respectively on the day DiCaprio made his speech. The numbers remained higher than usual for four days afterwards, with 104,190 and 216,490 more searches made. The increase was 3.8 and 4.3 times higher than the rise researches found during the COP or on Earth Day. Song Stories Song Stories: Big Narstie On How He Wrote ‘BDL Skank’ Song Stories: Girli On How She Wrote ‘Girl I Met On The Internet’ Slaves, ‘Consume Or Be Consumed’ – NME Song Stories Black Grape, ‘Kelly’s Heroes’ – NME Song Stories NME Merch Suicide Squad Panda Man Men's Sweatshirt £24.95 Buy now Pink Floyd Dark Side Of The Moon Men's T-Shirt £14.95 Buy now Disney Angry Mickey Mouse Women's T-Shirt £14.95 Buy now Star Wars Faces Of Darth Vader Men's Baseball T-Shirt £17.95 Buy now Latest Reviews Dawn Richard – ‘Redemption’ Review Justice – ‘Woman’ Review Metallica – ‘Hardwired… To Self Destruct’ Review ‘Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them’ – Film Review ‘Arrival’ – Film Review Alicia Keys – ‘Here’ Review Emeli Sandé – ‘Long Live The Angels’ Review Sleigh Bells – ‘Jessica Rabbit’ Review Sad13 – ‘Slugger’ Review Robbie Williams – ‘Heavy Entertainment Show’ Review Pixie Geldof – ‘I’m Yours’ Review Honeyblood – ‘Babes Never Die’ Review NME Home| Contact| Advertise| Buy Our Content| Site User Terms| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information ©1996-2016 Time Inc. (UK) Ltd. All rights reserved NME is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Entertainment Network
Monday, August 22, 2016  |  Dhu Al Qida 19, 1437 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Improvements in technology mean that people do not to be office-based to carry out their work. Nicole Hill / The National Knowing when to shut down from work and live your life Jessica Hill August 7, 2016 Updated: August 22, 2016 04:31 PM Related ‘Googliness’ is all about family UAE employee gets lieu day if asked to work on Friday Off hours: Chairman of The Club, Abu Dhabi takes pride in his leisure Off hours: Yas Waterworld general manager enjoying the long ride What it is really like to work at Google Do you find yourself sending emails over dinner, or fielding calls from the boss while on holiday? With the rise of technology, work and home life is merging. But for those managing family and a career, does working from home make maintaining a work-life balance easier or does it simply mean more work? "Technology is a double-edged sword", says Ravi Singh, the chief executive of Bluefin Consultancy, which he established to create smarter business models that promote a more engaged working culture. "Integration of work and life through the medium of technology may be a misconception. On one hand you have access to information, and on the other you cannot escape accountability." The French government has concluded that its citizens’ work-life balance need to be protected. France’s new El Khomri law, which governs labour rights and conditions, dictates that employers put in place procedures to keep work from encroaching on employees’ personal time. According to Article 25 of the law, "the development of information and communication technologies, if badly managed or regulated, can have an impact on the health of workers. Among them, the burden of work and the informational overburden, the blurring of the borders between private life and professional life, are risks associated with the usage of digital technology". Some companies are paving the way in limiting digital overload. Daimler says employees are free to delete all the mes­sages they receive while on holiday, and Volkswagen shuts down email servers after hours. Even digital companies realise technology needs to be restricted. Google’s Dublin office has a programme called "Google Goes Dark", with employees leaving their devices at the front desk before they head home. According to their gDNA study, an anonymous long-term survey of 4,000 Google employees, there are two main approaches to work-life balance: the segmentors, and the integrators. Segmentors, who made up 31 per cent, can draw a line between work stress and the rest of their lives, allowing them to not think about work when they’re at home. The remaining 69 per cent, the integrators, cannot. "For integrators, work looms constantly in the background," says Laszlo Bock, Google’s head of people operations. "They not only find themselves checking email all evening, but pressing refresh on Gmail again and again to see if new work has come in." But others in the tech world see advantages for employees in bringing work home with them – especially for women. Meera Kaul was one of the first female tech entrepreneurs in the UAE, and now owns or has invested in 35 companies worldwide. Five years ago, she set up the non-profit Meera Kaul Foundation to empower women in the workplace. "Technology en­ables women to work from home and to work flexibility", says Ms Kaul, who lives in Dubai. According to research by Grant Thornton in 2015, although 76 per cent of women in the UAE have university degrees, only 34 per cent are working. "The biggest threat that we have as women today is economic marginalisation," says Ms Kaul. "About eight years into the job, when women have kids, they drop out and many of them never come back. "In many parts of the world, the decision about your career is made by family, and then after you get married, it’s made by the husbands. Technology can narrow the gap and involve more women in the workforce, even when they’re not allowed to go out." Tamsin Anderson, from the UK, combines her job as editor of Yalla, a family guide to Abu Dhabi, with the responsibilities of being a mum-of-three. "The technology gives the illusion that I’m always there when someone calls or emails me, be it sat in a car park or even at home," says Ms Anderson. "My location is irrelevant. I can arrange my day around the needs of my children, including school pickup, drop-offs and crucial sports matches." But Ms Anderson admits there is a rub. "Technology may be liberating, but it can also be very invasive. It’s absolutely vital to know when to close the lid down or turn the ringer off so that I can absolutely concentrate on my family’s needs outside of school hours. And truthfully, most people respect that. It is only our desire to know what is going on that gets in the way." PepsiCo is a company that has offered flexible working options for several years, according to PepsiCo Asia Middle East Africa’s chief human resources officer Umran Beba, who is based in Dubai. "Women need it more, given the issues they face of mater­nity, childcare and parents’ care. What we see actually is that if you take the pressure out of the mind of a woman, they can be more productive. If in the morning you have to attend a play at your kid’s school, you can finish your work after that. Maybe it will be a little bit late. But in today’s world, you go home, have dinner with the kids, then when they sleep, you continue doing work from home." business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related ‘Googliness’ is all about family UAE employee gets lieu day if asked to work on Friday Off hours: Chairman of The Club, Abu Dhabi takes pride in his leisure Off hours: Yas Waterworld general manager enjoying the long ride More The Life Can Dubai property owner terminate deal with real estate agency for not fulfilling duties? Workplace Doctor: Doing less can help you achieve more #UAEinnovators: American incubator 1776 nurtures Dubai start-ups Podcast company Gimlet Media’s story to be a new TV series MOST VIEWED Business | All UAE megaprojects 2016 – in pictures BlackBerry Dtek60 review: Phone maker returns to the fray Dubai property prices to rise in 2017, but how quickly? Martin Gilbert tells why Aberdeen chose ADGM: ‘I like to be among the first into a new place’ Gulf aluminium producers cut costs amid glut and US protectionism concerns Drake & Scull to cull civil contracting and Indian businesses Pakistan airline mulls Boeing 777X and Airbus A350 jetliners order An economist explains the pros and cons of a single currency Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, it’s Icon’s flying sports boat! More Most Viewed Dh2.1 billion Abu Dhabi-Dubai motorway to open by year’s end Man who posted photo of Dubai policeman on Instagram is jailed for two years Police officers prove easy winners at Abu Dhabi Dash Two Qatari women robbed on Paris motorway in €5m heist: police Boardwalk at The Palm Jumeirah opens to public GCC has more questions than answers over Trump’s approach to region Mental health in the UAE: Khalid Al Ameri on why it’s good to talk about your problems UAE National Day and Commemoration Day holidays for public and private sector White Friday: Six saving tips for the mega online shopping sale More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Why increasing Abu Dhabi utility bills makes sense UAE megaprojects 2016 – in pictures President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed meets President of Seychelles Emirates staff try the Mannequin Challenge with an Airbus A380 – video About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Political Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor About Us Judge denies Muslim women's request to drop trespassing claim in Urth Caffe lawsuit Santa Ana doctor disciplined for third time, restricted from prescribing narcotics President Obama's clemency helps Anaheim man get out of prison early Anaheim council looks poised for shift as Brandman concedes to Moreno Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Vin Scully, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar among 21 to receive Presidential Medal of Freedom Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports Impressed by elaborate holiday displays at local malls? This Santa Ana company is the reason 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways WWII thriller 'Allied' is grand entertainment Top news Opinion Google Fiber to lay cable, and competition, in Irvine Aug. 7, 2016 Updated 12:00 a.m. By ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER EDITORIAL Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF It’s official, Google Fiber is coming to Irvine. “Google announced Tuesday that it has teamed up with Irvine Co. to bring the gigabit network to apartment, commercial and retail properties in Irvine,” the Register reported. “The two companies are deciding which properties will receive the service, said Pete Albers, Google Fiber’s head of real estate partnerships.” According to the Register, Google intends to make use of the Irvine Co.’s forward thinking. The company has “been installing empty conduit between and in its properties since the mid-1980s, so the master planner could one day deliver future technology” that will allow for a quicker deployment of the service, which “offers broadband speeds up to 1 gigabit, or 1,000 megabits, per second. That means downloading a movie in seconds, rather than minutes (or longer),” the Register wrote. It would also be about 67 times the average U.S. internet connection speed of around 15 megabits, according to Akamai Technologies. But while the Irvine Co.’s eye to the future will most directly benefit Irvine residents, residents across the county are also likely to benefit, as everywhere Google has gone, better service and competitive pricing has followed. “Existing ISPs have the capability to bring high speeds to the entire country at an affordable price, but they lack incentives for improving their existing networks, especially in cities where they face little competition,” Darrell M. West, the founding director of the Center for Technology Innovation at the Brookings Institute, recently wrote. And the competition has responded. As Roger Entner, an analyst with Recon Analytics LLC, recently told Bloomberg, “Any time Google is doing three, AT&T is doing 30 cities.” But, “Markets that Google enters enjoy a $20-a-month drop in prices, on average,” he noted. And this may all be to plan. “Many analysts say that Google aims to invest just enough into fiber to encourage more traditional providers to build out their own networks,” Brian Fung, technology reporter at the Washington Post, recently wrote. “Then, when consumers subscribe to the better service and take heavier advantage of Google services, Google’s core business benefits. In that respect, Google isn’t so much going toe-to-toe with AT&T as nudging it to expand.” Whatever Google’s motivation, its position as a technological disruptor is further proof of the innovative and consumer-friendy nature of competition. WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR Letters to the Editor: E-mail to letters@ocregister.com. Please provide your name, city and telephone number (telephone numbers will not be published). Letters of about 200 words or videos of 30-seconds each will be given preference. Letters will be edited for length, grammar and clarity. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Police officer, wife die in possible murder-suicide in Long Beach Teen injured by flying debris on 57 freeway is a 'tough young man' Gas station employee stabbed in Anaheim, two suspects in custody Congressman Issa declares re-election win in 49th district Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Judge denies Muslim women's request to drop trespassing claim in Urth Caffe lawsuit Santa Ana doctor disciplined for third time, restricted from prescribing narcotics President Obama's clemency helps Anaheim man get out of prison early Anaheim council looks poised for shift as Brandman concedes to Moreno Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Vin Scully, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar among 21 to receive Presidential Medal of Freedom Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports Impressed by elaborate holiday displays at local malls? This Santa Ana company is the reason 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways WWII thriller 'Allied' is grand entertainment Top news Education » Tustin teachers get 3 percent raise; third straight year for increases Fullerton woman named a Rhodes Scholar for Class of 2017 Trump's election creates anxiety around the world, UCI experts say BUSINESS » Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports O.C. Watchdog » Court criticizes O.C. District Attorney's Office, keeps it off case of Seal Beach mass killing O.C. grand jury gets 2 lawyers to help investigate jailhouse informant misuse Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways Food » 16 best food, drinks to try at Disney California Adventure's new Festival of Holidays Popular Little Saigon restaurant, Brodard, to relocate to Fountain Valley Retail-restaurant roundup: 2 new eateries at Pacific City; Wholesome Choice in Laguna Niguel closes, Weekend Max Mara debuts at South Coast Plaza TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Protest art SLIDESHOW & VIDEO » How skaters rehearse for the Christmas ice show at Knott's Berry Farm MANNERS GUIDE » How to be on your best bahavior during the holidays FANTASTIC BEASTS » Focus: Where to find interesting beasts in Southern California CALIFORNIA GEOGRAPHY » Focus: Test your knowledge of California geography CARTOONS » Cartoons: Electoral College Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Artificial intelligence (AI) The Observer Seven ways that AI could be A-OK As artificial intelligence increases its influence on our lives, the talk is of job losses, self-driving car crashes, algorithms running amok. But there is an upside… AIPA? The IntelligentX boffins ponder the computer’s latest beer recipe. Photograph: weare10x.com Luke Dormehl Sunday 7 August 2016 01.59 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Brewing you the perfect pint AI might be shaking up life as we know it, but like any good party guest, it’s about bringing the beers. That’s according to the work of London-based company IntelligentX, which is using artificial intelligence to brew the perfect pint. What makes IntelligentX’s beers smart is the speed at which the firm is able to respond to the changing tastes of customers – on a batch-by-batch basis. The company currently brews four beers: golden, pale, amber and black. On each bottle of AI beer there’s a code, directing customers towards its website, where they can offer their feedback by answering questions. Based on this feedback, a type of goal-driven AI called “reinforcement learning” works out what it needs to do to get better outcomes in the future, meaning changing the recipe to earn better scores from customers. It even has a bank of wild-card ingredients to draw on so the whole thing doesn’t become too predictable. In the 12 months since IntelligentX’s four beers began to be trialled, the recipes involved have evolved 11 times. Right now, the beers are mainly being sampled at startup events in east London, but could soon be coming to a pub near you. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A scene from Sunspring, a film written by AI. Writing the next blockbuster movie From Stanley Kubrick’s 2001: A Space Odyssey to last year’s Ex Machina (with Steven Spielberg’s AI somewhere in between) there have been plenty of films about artificial intelligence. But what about AI actually writing the films themselves? A growing number of researchers and companies seem to think this is the way to go. A UK startup called Epagogix has advised some of the biggest studios in Hollywood, helping them predict how much money movies are likely to make at the box office. While that’s not exactly creative, the company goes further than that, having its neural network make creative suggestions about ways the movie’s potential yield could be increased. Epagogix isn’t alone. Sunspring, a film made for this year’s Sci-Fi London film festival, used a neural network trained on screenplays such as Ghostbusters, Interstellar and The Fifth Element to generate a new script. It included the notable direction: “He is standing in the stars and sitting on the floor.” A similar project, carried out by a Scottish comic book artist Andy Herd, fed a neural net with every episode of the 1990s sitcom Friends and asked it to create new scripts. Herd later admitted said it would need further modification, after a disproportionate number of episodes ended with the cast in bed together. Facebook Twitter Pinterest An image created by Deep Dream. Painting a masterpiece In June last year, Google unveiled its Deep Dream project. Having at their digital fingertips the largest archive of photographs in human history, Google researchers decided to see what would happen if they let computers create rather than simply classify images. The idea is that, having seen enough examples of a chair to recognise and label one appropriately when shown it in a photo, Google’s computers should be able to create new chair pictures based on their sum total knowledge of “chair-ness”. But Google found that, since pictures of barbells were frequently in the same photos as muscular weightlifters’ arms, Deep Dream assumed the limbs were part of them when it came to creating its own. Still, it would be hard to argue that the effects created by Deep Dream, which also looks for patterns within existing photos and uses this to kickstart its flights of AI fancy, aren’t memorable. You can have a go yourself at seeing how AI will transform pictures of yourself, by using an app such as Dreamscope, which allows users to upload images and then apply different AI filters to them. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The robotic equivalent of Ronaldo lines up a free kick at a RoboCup football competition. Photograph: Rex Being tomorrow’s sport stars Despite the fact that many AI researchers veer closer to the “geek” than the “jock” end of the spectrum, that doesn’t mean that the important factors in what makes someone proficient at sport aren’t of interest to those in artificial intelligence. Topics such as co-ordination, agility and evaluation of the available legal moves in a constantly shifting game are at the core of AI and robotics research. This year, the so-called RoboCup tournament held its 20th competition in Leipzig, with teams of humanoid robots playing against one another in AI football matches. The eventual goal? By 2050, to have a team of such robots capable of beating a world-champion football team according to Fifa rules. It may sound crazy, but so did the idea of building a computer capable of beating chess champion Garry Kasparov once upon a time. In the near future, if you want to get involved in AI-based sport, you could look up Cambridge-based company PiBorg, which is gearing up to host Formula Pi, the world’s first autonomous toy car race series. Open to anyone who wants to enter, the Formula 1-inspired contest gives participants a Raspberry Pi-powered vehicle and asks them to write the code to make it zoom around the track. There are also notes, seminars and basic code to get novices started. In short, AI and sport goes a lot further than just the new series of Robot Wars. Facebook Twitter Pinterest An evolutionary antenna made by AI for Nasa. Photograph: Nasa Designing the perfect satellite component An evolutionary algorithm is a way of imitating the power of natural selection inside a computer, with AI attempting to solve problems by coming up with solutions and then pitting these solutions against others in a sort of knockout tournament. Increasingly, these tools are now used for design, such as the creation of components for Nasa satellites. “With a [satellite] antenna, for instance, you might tell the algorithm that you want a solution that will fit in a 10cm by 10cm box, be capable of radiating a spherical or hemispherical pattern and be able to operate at a certain Wi-Fi band,” says former Nasa and Google engineer Jason Lohn. “You provide all the constraints and, based on them, the algorithm then optimises a solution.” Such solutions can even appear baffling to the smartest human engineers, such as when Lohn’s AI-designed satellite antenna came out looking like a bent paperclip. However, when he tried it, he found that it worked better than any solution he’d ever seen. “It works and, as engineers, what we ultimately care about is getting things to work.” Other designers, such as the Italian Celestino Soddu, have used evolutionary algorithms for taking a stab at what a baroque cathedral would look like if it was a living thing allowed to evolve over many generations. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A food truck serving recipes dreamed up by IBM’s Watson supercomputer. Cooking you a weird meal Do you fancy substituting your regular Sunday lunch for an Indian turmeric paella, Turkish‑Korean caesar salad or Cuban lobster bouillabaisse? If these sound like recipes no human chef would ever come up with, you’d be right. They’re created by IBM’s supercomputer Watson, the bot perhaps best remembered for beating top-ranked human participants at the US TV gameshow Jeopardy! a few years ago. “We started by getting Watson to analyse around 9,000 recipes,” says Rob High of IBM. “From that, the system was able to learn the different types and styles of recipe. It learned the difference between a salad and a sandwich or a quiche and a pasta dish. It also learned the difference between Vietnamese cooking and south-western [American] styles or French and Chinese cooking. It figured out which flavours come out most prominently within all those types of dishes.” Watson can also analyse the chemical compounds that control taste and use these to generate novel pairings of food. Like any celebrity chef worth their salt, Watson even has its own recipe book: Cognitive Cooking with Chef Watson. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Juliette Pochin, who performed a ‘duet’ with a quantum computer earlier this year. Photograph: Tristan Fewings/Getty Images Writing a symphony There is a scene in the 2004 movie I, Robot in which Will Smith’s character talks about computational creativity. “Can a robot write a symphony?” he asks, using it as an example of why machines and humans will always have fundamental differences. Had Smith’s character waited until July 2012, he would have got an answer, since that was when the London Symphony Orchestra took to the stage to perform an AI-generated composition entitled Transits – Into an Abyss, which was hailed as “artistic and delightful” by one reviewer. In July this year, researchers at Plymouth University presented a 15-minute piece in which Welsh mezzo-soprano Juliette Pochin sang with a quantum computer. “The singer’s pitch and loudness and various notes by the composer are sent to two algorithms on the quantum computer every three seconds,” says creator Alexis Kirke. “Items returned include suggested harmonies. What this shows is that quantum AI isn’t just about super-speed algorithms for image recognition and molecular development, but also to provide creative opportunities for composers and artists.” Thinking Machines by Luke Dormehl is published in paperback by WH Allen (£14.99). Click here to order a copy for £12.29 More features Topics Artificial intelligence (AI) Consciousness Computing Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Artificial intelligence (AI) Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › opinion home election 2016 US world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Uber Opinion Why Uber has been taken for a ride in China John Naughton Uber’s capitulation to its Chinese rival last week should temper the wishful thinking of Brexit cheerleaders A closed sign at Uber in Hong Kong last year takes on new significance in China this month. Photograph: Tyrone Siu/Reuters Sunday 7 August 2016 01.59 EDT Last modified on Thursday 13 October 2016 16.04 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close The big news last week was that Uber, the California-based ride-hailing company, threw in the towel in China. It announced that its Chinese rival, Didi Chuxing, would acquire all of the assets of UberChina – including its brand, business operations and data. In return, Uber gets a stake in Didi Chuxing worth £5.3bn. Why is this significant? How long have you got? In the first place it confirms that the plans for world domination cherished by all the US-based tech giants come to a juddering halt when they reach the Chinese border. China is already the world’s biggest internet market, and it’s set to get much bigger in the next decade, so Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft saw it as the logical next territory for conquest. Three of them – Google, Amazon and Microsoft – have already had to withdraw, licking their wounds. (Facebook never really got started.) Apple is still in there because of its iPhone (a prized fashion accessory among middle-class Chinese) but it’s now run into trouble with the granting of a weird intellectual-property case against the iPhone 6, and has been forced to shut down its iBooks and iTunes Movies stores. You could say that, given that Google and Facebook are in the information business and the Chinese government is determined to censor the internet, they were always likely to have a bumpy ride. Accordingly, the Chinese have Baidu instead of Google, and WeChat instead of Facebook. But Amazon has made no headway in China either, and the field has been left open to Alibaba. We’ll just have to see whether Apple can weather the storm and reverse the recent decline in its Chinese sales. You will recall that China was seen by Brexiters as one of the exciting trading partners for a liberated UK… If you were the betting type, however, you’d have said that if any western company were going to crack China, it would have been Uber. It has oodles of money, already operates in over 500 cities worldwide, and is led by a fiercely aggressive CEO, Travis Kalanick, who from the outset designated capture of the Chinese ride-hailing market as a key strategic goal for his company. In pursuit of that goal, he spent much of the last two years in the country and avoided most of the mistakes that naive western outfits make when they arrive in China. So if Kalanick has decided that the game isn’t worth the candle, then it’s time for the rest of us to ponder the implications of that conclusion. In doing so we may usefully learn from Google’s experience of trying to do business in China. As US journalist Steven Levy puts it in his summary, “Google found that even after a company agrees to go along with China’s censorship and data demands, regulation doesn’t stop. Put simply, China likes locals to succeed over foreign companies, and will act accordingly. Google was in direct competition with a local company, Baidu, which seemed to copy Google’s business plan and even its interface. China had an interest in seeing its home town search engine win, and turned out to be less than scrupulous in playing the role as a neutral arbiter.” Official harassment, writes Levy, “seemed less to do with regulations and more like harassment. The sanctions appeared directly tied to how well Google was doing in the marketplace. Google executives believed that Chinese officials had drawn a line in the sand – that when Google market share approached 30%, suddenly bad things would happen.” Chinese officials 'create 488m bogus social media posts a year' Read more But, hang on – isn’t China a member of the World Trade Organisation, members of which have signed up to all kinds of rules about free markets, and no government interference in trade? Quite so. Yet here’s what the American WTO representative says in his latest report to Congress on China’s compliance with these obligations: “Many of the problems that arise in the US-China trade and investment relationship can be traced to the Chinese government’s interventionist policies and practices and the large role of state-owned enterprises and other national champions in China’s economy, which continue to generate significant trade distortions that inevitably give rise to trade frictions.” All of which has a sudden contemporary relevance for Theresa May & co. You will recall that China was seen by Brexiters as one of the exciting trading partners for a liberated UK, and that WTO rules would ensure a level playing field for plucky British entrepreneurs as they ventured into the Middle Kingdom. For these fantasists, the Uber surrender has a simple message: dream on. More features Topics Uber Internet China Google Amazon.com More… E-commerce WTO Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Opinion › Uber Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Home Subscribe (free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media Info Advertising Info Tweet Articles Blogs Labs Science Reference Reports Videos Radio Infographics Music Cartoons Library RSS Store Search Powered by GoodGopher.com POLITICO editor calls for baseball bat mob attack CNN's HATE banner: Jews are not real people! Wikipedia exposed as junk science propaganda platform for Big Pharma Sunday, August 07, 2016 by: Sarah Landers Tags: Wikipedia, propaganda, paid editors (NaturalNews) According to Bolen Report, Wikipedia is not a website we should be trusting when it comes to unbiased, accurate information. Wikipedia is an example of "skeptic" leadership – with the "skeptics" actually being an organized hate group that claim to be the sole protectors of intellectual truth. "Skeptics" are in favor of vaccines, mammograms, pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter medication – and opponents of nutritional supplements, herbal medicine, massage therapy, energy medicine and homeopathy, as reported by Natural News. According to research by Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, "skeptics" believe that all vaccines are safe and effective – even those that have never been tested – and that all people should be vaccinated – even against their will. "Skeptics" also believe that that people of all ages can be safely given an unlimited number of drugs, including antidepressants, blood pressure drugs, diabetes drugs, sleeping drugs and pretty much everything else – all at the same time, as we have previously reported. WikipediaWikipedia is available in almost every language, and is presented as a seemingly friendly and reliable source of information. However, on closer inspection, the popular information site is full of errors, biased information and omissions – particularly around the subjects of health, environmental safety and agricultural sustainability. Wikipedia is pretty much run by the "skeptics." One of the main reasons that people are fooled into believing that Wikipedia is posting the truth, is the fact that it has a very high authority level in the Google search engine. This is surprising, since Google equates its ranking system with credibility, with more credible sources ranking more highly. Should Wikipedia really be appearing high on Google searches when the site can be altered by critics, liars and computer hacks? Wikipedia claims to be run by volunteers, but it is actually edited by corporate-paid trolls – particularly on topics such as GMOs, vaccines, chemotherapy and pharmaceuticals. Many of the "volunteers" are actually paid by drug companies, food giants and the biotech industry to censor information that they would rather the public did not know, as reported by Celebrity Reputation. Founder and ex-porn film giant Jimmy Wales is a key operator of the "Hillary Clinton Protection Network," according to Celebrity Reputation, meaning that he goes to great lengths to alter or remove any negative information posted about Hilary Clinton. It is noteworthy that, "despite the steady wave of scandals that have begun to erode even the New York Times' portrayal of Hillary Clinton, her image remains unblemished on Wikipedia. Since he first started editing her page in June 2005, Hillary's 'Wikipedia watchdog' has been guarding against slanders, accusations, unfair assumptions, and distortions on the high-traffic, heavily footnoted, highly policed Hillary Rodham Clinton Wikipedia page." Combating this dishonest and unreliable information sourceWikipedia ranks highly on Google and that is a problem – because it means that it is one of the first links people will see when they are searching for information. However, Bolen Report suggests that there is in fact a way to take this dishonest website down. Wales will not reveal who contributes the real money behind Wikipedia – this is "hidden behind his U.S. Non-Profit (501) tax filing (form 990) Schedule B." If a lawsuit was filed against Wikipedia that forced open that Schedule B file, it "would make it very clear that Wikipedia is NOT what it says it is," according to Bolen Report. By U.S. law, a non-profit organization is not supposed to benefit any one individual; it is required to be "a corporation or an association that conducts business for the benefit of the general public without shareholders and without a profit motive." As noted by Bolen Report, "Wikimedia argues overall, though, that it is protected from liability by the Communications Decency Act (CDA), whose section 230 protects a publisher from liability for things said by other people on its electronic services until it is made aware of the comments. At that point it must take action or risk becoming liable." Bolen Report plans to take action against the media giant and bring the truth out into the public eye. Sources include: BolenReport.com CelebrityReputation.com NaturalNews.com TruthWiki.org Save during our biggest sale of the year. 48 hours only! Plus get free shipping on all orders (within the Contiguous US). Sale Begins 11/25 at 12am CST. Click here to shop now! Search on GoodGopher.com GoodGopher.com is the new search engine for truth seekers. Follow real-time breaking news headlines on Wikipedia at FETCH.news The world of independent media, all in one place. Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Wikipedia 10 shocking facts you never knew about Wikipedia and Jimmy Wales More disturbing details emerge over Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales and his porn network history Extreme bias at Wikipedia on homeopathic medicine Why does Google promote Wikipedia's blackmail operation while censoring the truth from independent media sites? Sign the petition to add a warning label to Wikipedia warning users of corporate bias and censorship 'Science skeptics' use guerilla warfare tactics and racketeering behavior to infiltrate Wikipedia and spread corporate propaganda Before Jimmy Wales launched Wikipedia to smear alternative medicine, he ran a sleazy porn network Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/054902_Wikipedia_propaganda_paid_editors.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/054902_Wikipedia_propaganda_paid_editors.html">Wikipedia exposed as junk science propaganda platform for Big Pharma</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year The REAL FAKE NEWS exposed: '97% of scientists agree on climate change' is an engineered hoax... here's what the media never told you Trump is playing everyone: Of course he's going to prosecute Hillary Clinton... he's just posturing to prevent an Obama pardon Top signs your body is burdened with toxins, and what you can do about it Aspartame now being marketed as natural sweetener, name changed to 'AminoSweet' RED ALERT: The Fukushima-Daiichi water cooling system has FAILED, warns NHK news... 2,544 fuel rods stored there... claims 'no immediate danger' Customers as young as 10 damaged by 'Roundup' weed-killer now suing Monsanto Six dangerous prescription drugs you should think twice before taking Fukushima earthquake strikes Japan... 7.3 mag... tsunami warning, evacuation order issued... citizens ordered to consider 'worst case scenario' Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Egg warning: Multistate salmonella outbreak linked to shell eggs Do you know about these vaccine scandals throughout history? EMF exposure is causing insomnia, depression, anxiety, illness and memory loss Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 291 oil spills were hidden from North Dakota residents - in less than two years! Massive science fraud at Theranos exposed by whistleblower who was viciously threated to stay silent FAKE NEWS: All the networks that reported 'You can keep your doctor' or blamed the DNC email hack on the Russians were knowingly spewing fake news Ten surprising facts you didn't know about Donald Trump and the Health Ranger: Marrying immigrants, fighting for truth and expressing deep compassion for fellow human beings Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days Trump Supporters launch Ten surprising facts you didn't know about Donald Trump and the Health Ranger: Marrying immigrants, fighting for truth and expressing deep compassion for fellow human beings The REAL FAKE NEWS exposed: '97% of scientists agree on climate change' is an engineered hoax... here's what the media never told you Over 30,000 scientists say 'Catastrophic Man-Made Global Warming' is a complete hoax and science lie Natural News announces economic boycott of CNN corporate sponsors, including GEICO, WellsFargo, Sprint, Dodge and ETrade GoodGopher.com rapidly rising as the independent search engine for REAL news... all sites penalized by Google are welcomed to get indexed What causes cancer? The five vectors of chemical assault on your health Donald Trump's 7-point healthcare plan Top signs your body is burdened with toxins, and what you can do about it Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Studies on radiation from smart meters show that electromagnetic frequencies disrupt and damage the nervous system Woman dies of sepsis after getting flu shot; CDC claims it as flu death, urges public to get vaccinated FDA-approved drug turns ordinary people into obedient zombies... saps all free will... allows people to be programmed by the media or government... sold as transdermal patch Merrimack College, where liberal professor named list of 'fake news' websites, found to have been DENIED accreditation, warn students... 'Please don't come to this hell hole...' Six dangerous prescription drugs you should think twice before taking While the nation was watching the election, the EPA just approved another toxic herbicide for Monsanto Homeopathic medicine - The do's and don'ts CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label Why flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history 10 Urgent preparedness items you'll need when Trump wins the election next Tuesday THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever MUTINY AT THE FBI: Comey warned by his own agents to indict Clinton or watch the FBI's reputation go down in flames George Soros on tape: Trump will win popular vote in 'landslide,' but Hillary Clinton's electoral victory is already 'a done deal' Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days The FBI is going to bring down the DOJ... and America will cheer the agency's heroes as the Clinton crime regime is finally toppled Erik Prince: Hillary emails show everything from pay-for-play to pedophilia, NYPD ready to make arrests TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event BREAKING: Racketeering indictment of Hillary Clinton now 'likely' as FOIA for Datto backup device reveals FBI possesses ALL the incriminating emails Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto Dementia now striking people in their 40s as mercury from vaccines causes slow, degenerative brain damage After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters Trump Supporters launch Surgeons admit that mammography is outdated and harmful to women ANALYSIS: Chipotle is a victim of corporate sabotage... biotech industry food terrorists are planting e.coli in retaliation for restaurant's anti-GMO menu Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes San Bernardino shooting has all the signs of a staged government operation or ISIS terror attack (from what we know so far) Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Popular on Facebook 61K EVERYTHING IS RIGGED: Medicine, science, elections, the media, money, education, search engines, social media... you are living in a fabricated fairy tale 46K Whole Foods goes ROGUE... partners with Monsanto to kill GMO labeling across America and replace with fake labeling deception... SENATE VOTE PLANNED AS EARLY AS TOMORROW 40K All-out effort to destroy Trump PROVES he's not part of the establishment... NOT an insider... 'Trump' movement has grown way beyond one man's actions or words 38K 10 shocking reasons why Zika virus fear is another fraudulent medical hoax and vaccine industry funding scam 36K Electoral victory for Hillary already LOCKED IN via massive bribery... George Soros admits on video... democracy be damned... THEFT of the presidency already complete 35K 56 examples of outrageously foul, lewd language spewed by Bill and Hillary Clinton over the last three decades 35K Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election 31K CDC forced to reveal documents proving Thimerosal vaccine preservative causes autism 27K The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry 26K Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 23K Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson just sold out to Big Pharma... says children should be forcibly injected with mercury at gunpoint... claims government 'science' overrides medical freedom 23K VOTERS WARNED: You've already lost America... this election is about taking it back in the last non-violent way possible: At the voting booth 20K Hillary the CHEAT! Clinton caught wearing covert earpiece during last night's debate with Trump... brazen dishonesty on display yet again 20K Facebook goes full ORWELLIAN... now blocking all stories mentioning the keyword phrase 'm-nd-t-ry v-cc-n-t--ns' 19K Staged Zika pandemic was engineered by globalist governments to justify the aerial bombardment of awakening populations with toxic chemicals 18K Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 17K TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT 17K After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all NaturalNews.com Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Clove (Syzygium aromaticum), A common Food Spice that offers A Long List of Traditional Uses (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Mother Nature vs. Patented Drugsone of these was never meant to cure you. Do you know the difference? (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago An egg a day reduces your risk of stroke by 12% (Newstarget.com) Cities in Florida Plan to Block Medical Marijuana Legalization (Newstarget.com) The only immunity given with vaccines is to the manufacturers from paying for damages (Newstarget.com) Egg warning: Multistate salmonella outbreak linked to shell eggs (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Radio New Zealand Skip to content Menu Home News New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Comment & Analysis Kaikōura Earthquake Weather Radio National Concert International Programmes Presenters Latest Audio Series & Podcasts Topics Music Science Life & Society Current Affairs Arts & Culture Movies Plays & Stories Media & Technology Sport Comment & Analysis Business & Economy Politics Te Ao Māori Country Pacific Books Food & Recipes Nature & Environment Collections Search Listen Live Nothing playing RNZ National Morning Report Monday to Friday National live stream RNZ Concert Classic Morning Concert live stream RNZ International World & Pacific News International live stream More ways to listen Playlist Your playlist Launch player Close No items Audio help Launch player internet technology 3 Aug 2016 Skewing our news - and screwing the business? From Mediawatch, 9:10 am on 7 August 2016 Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In Colin Peacock - mediawatch@radionz.co.nz & @MediawatchNZ More and more of us have news fed to us from Facebook or we get it via Google. They are making it easy to find what we want, but they also influence which news and views we get - and the ones we don’t. Listen duration 19′ :30″ Add to playlistPlaylist Download Download as Ogg Download as MP3 Play Ogg in browser Play MP3 in browser Listen A logo created from pictures of Facebook users in the company's data centre in Sweden. Photo: AFP "All the time this year, I hear progressive folks say: 'I don't know a single Trump supporter. I don't see a single person arguing for Trump'. That's a problem because this is a country where four out of 10 people are voting for Trump," online entrepreneur and activist Eli Pariser told NPR in the US last month.  It is a problem he warned about five years ago in a book called The Filter Bubble. Google’s personalised search function, he said, meant the results were echoing what people already knew and liked. Facebook's mysterious algorithms were steering users towards news reflecting their own preferences. Sources contradicting information that others have shared would not filter though into their bubble, he argued.   Five years later, experts are weighing the impact of the "filter bubble" on big political issues.   The online echo chamber  Cardiff University journalism professor Karin Wahl-Jorgenson saw it in effect during the UK's debate about Brexit.  "So much of the news coverage was emotional and politicised. The traditional role of journalism in exposing people to a wide range of variety of views and opinions was much more difficult," Professor Wahl-Jorgenson told Mediawatch. Prof Karin Wahl-Jorgensen, Cardiff University. Photo: Steve Deane UK internet activist Tom Steinberg posted evidence of this as soon as the EU referendum result was in. "The filter bubble is so strong, and extends so far into things like Facebook's custom search that I can't find anyone who is happy  - despite the fact that I'm actively looking to hear what they are saying," he said on Facebook (where else ... ) "We're getting countries where one half just doesn't know anything at all about the other," he said. Legacy media cries foul This prompted the editor of the UK newspaper - and pioneering global multimedia news outlet - The Guardian to say: "Social media has swallowed the news".  In a long essay - widely shared on social media and as an audio podcast - Katherine Viner argued online platforms don’t just spread the news with unprecedented efficiency, they skew the supply of it - especially to the 1.7 billion people around the world now using Facebook. But “filter bubble” cannot easily be burst. "This is a problem ... baked into the very idea of social networks that are designed to give you what you and your friends want to see," she wrote. The likes of Google and Facebook are so popular media companies can’t ignore it. They drive the bulk of of the online traffic to their websites, which in turn brings them income from online advertising. It’s not nearly as much as they used to get from old fashioned ads before the internet swallowed up much of the business - but its crucial income all the same. Facebook takes over   Facebook launched in 2004 and has become the dominant way for people to find news on the internet in many countries - including New Zealand.  A Colmar Brunton survey of 1000 people last month concluded 80 percent of New Zealanders are on Facebook - including nine out of every 10 people aged between 18 and 39.   Online users also get news by searching for it. Overwhelmingly, they choose Google for that.   A news story high up in Google's search ranking can be lucrative. Some news organisations now craft their news with that in mind.   "Some news organisations are putting in key words proven to be popular, often in headlines or right at the start of the article," said Melanie Bunce, a New Zealander who has researched this at City University's journalism school in London. Dr Melanie Bunce Photo: RNZ / Colin Peacock Sometimes journalists are told to include certain words, she said, or editors may insert them afterwards.  It can be obvious if the Daily Mail puts David Beckham in a story where he doesn't belong, she said, but usually online readers wouldn't know "search engine optimisation" was happening. But is this necessarily bad for journalism? "It can help people find stories they're looking for, but it can create an association between topics that don't have a natural association. Right now that could include news stories about immigration and refugee issues. There are similarities but the two issues can be confused," Dr Bunce said. From upstart start-ups to digital dominance When Facebook and Google were founded in the early 2000s, Dan Gillmor was a columnist at the San Jose Mercury News in California, covering Silicon Valley.  He wrote about the dot-com boom close up, and the subsequent bust. Indeed, he had a crack himself.   He left the paper in 2005 for a journalism start-up called Bayosphere to make it easier for ordinary people to report and publish online. It didn't last long.   Did he foresee that other small start-ups - Facebook and Google - could one day become crucial parts of the modern news media?   "It was pretty clear even in the 1980s that we were moving towards something that would be very different,' he told Mediawatch.  "But Facebook is becoming a global arbiter of what is important. It's great technology but it's got to the point where it has too much power. Journalists who pour their work into Facebook and don't understand what it means for journalism don't understand they are making a grievous mistake." Dan Gillmor Photo: supplied Unlike The Guardian's Katherine Viner, Professor Gillmor doesn't blame Facebook or Google for "disrupting the truth". "Poisoned public discourse goes back a long way. Tabloid newspapers and broadcasts over 50 years or more have not been interested in the truth," said Professor Gillmor, who now advises media start-ups and teaches ‘Digital Media Entrepreneurship’ at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism in Arizona. In a recent article called: Journalists: Stop complaining about Facebook, and do something about it Dr Gillmor said media companies should not "capitulate" to Facebook's dominance: "An enterprise that would become the primary newsstand for journalism and would be free to pick the winners via special deals with media people and tweaks of its opaque algorithms. If this is the future, we are truly screwed. - Dan Gillmor Should the news media turn their backs on Facebook? "The dependence is so great they cannot go cold turkey," he said, "but I hope over time the media can get out of a major trap. I don't think Facebook people are evil, but they have the power to determine the boundaries of freedom of expression of a lot of people." Professor Gillmor said he thought Facebook's ambitious founder and boss Mark Zuckerberg may have over-reached. He has said Facebook should be “like electricity” - a public utility that we cannot do without. "That was a tactical error. We regulate public utilities. If Facebook wants to be one, they have to be a 'common carrier' not allowed to exclude others from a network." In some parts of the world Facebook is offering free access to the internet. The catch is that Facebook is the point of entry.  @Airtel and @Facebook launch Free Basics in Nigeria. #technews #tech #Facebook #airtel #nigeria #africa #internet pic.twitter.com/fidsgiFj95— Tech Gist Africa (@techgistafrica) May 12, 2016 "In some countries Facebook is literally the internet because of deals that have been made with local telcos. "India said no, which was a good decision. But is some free internet better than none? It's elitist to say 'no' - but we should not allow anyone to become the internet," Professor Gillmor said. Anti-social network? The Economist casts Facebook's founder as an over-reaching Roman emperor. Photo: supplied / economist While search engines and online social media have made it easier for people to choose news and views from publishers all over the world, research shows many people getting news on their personal Facebook feeds often take no notice of where the news comes from. Columbia University’s Tow Centre says news publishers have lost control over the distribution of their own journalism and their brands are being destroyed. Just how much of that control now rests with Facebook was made clear in late June. In a statement headed “Building a Better News Feed for You” Facebook announced “an update that helps you see more posts from your friends and family”. This sudden tweak of the mysterious algorithm to downgrade news panicked media publishers.   “For the first time, Facebook stated explicitly that it didn’t care too much about news,” said French technology and business reporter Frederic Filloux.   Follow the money   But even if they don’t care about news as much as the primary mission of “connecting people” Facebook is making money out of media companies’ news.     Indeed, Facebook is making more money than most financial analysts thought possible.   Last month, Facebook announced its revenue was up to almost $US6.5 billion.   The same day the parent company of Katherine Viner’s Guardian announced its biggest ever pre-tax losses: $US265m for the year.   One bright spot was its membership scheme. 50,000 people have signed up to pay monthly fees to support The Guardian's journalism.     But that is a drop in bucket compared with Facebook's membership of 1.7 billion - announced by Mr Zuckerberg the same day - along with those staggering income and profit stats.   Mr Zuckerberg also repeated the phrase that’s become Facebook’s corporate mantra: “Our journey is only one percent done". Struggling news media companies are wondering what will be left of their business when Facebook’s further down the track - and the story of Facebook so far tells us the future it envisages may be closer than we think. Tags: internet media technology Cardiff University Centre for Public Integrity Dan Gillmor Eli Pariser Facebook Google Guardian Karin Wahl-Jorgenson Katherin Viner Melanie Bunce Upworthy filter bubble social media Embed Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In To embed this content on your own webpage, cut and paste the following: 
<iframe src="http://www.radionz.co.nz/audio/remote-player?id=201810677" width="100%" frameborder="0" height="62px"></iframe> See terms of use. Recent stories from Mediawatch Shaken into action The local voice Kaikoura has missed Barking at the supermoon Mediawatch for 20 November 2016 Watchdog withholds its blessing from media marriage Subscribe to Mediawatch Podcast (MP3) Oggcast (Vorbis) RNZ stations National Concert RNZ International The Wireless Latest & popular Latest audio Popular audio Latest video How to watch & listen Audio help Radio Subscribe to podcasts Sky, Freeview & Satellite YouTube RNZ apps for iPhone and Android About RNZ About Contact Media Releases Jobs Join & Follow RNZ RNZ on Facebook RNZ on Twitter RNZ on Youtube RNZ on Instagram Sign up to RNZ Newsletters Terms of use © Copyright Radio New Zealand 2016
null
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Sunday, 7 August 2016 | MYT 9:00 AM Google, Facebook and Apple draw hordes of tech tourists by ethan baron On the itinerary: A tourist posing for photos at the Android Garden on the Google campus in Mountain View, California. Iconic high tech firms in Silicon Valley have become tourist destinations. — Bay Area News Group/TNS SAN FRANCISCO: Move over, Alcatraz; clear some way, cable cars; and back off, Mickey: Silicon Valley is giving San Francisco and other Golden State attractions a run for their money when it comes to drawing hordes of tourists.  Because for some tourists, taking a selfie in front of Facebook is all part of the vacation plan.  "We are all the way from India," said Pavi Rajkumar, with family members at Facebook's "thumbs-up" sign outside its Menlo Park headquarters on a recent morning. Alongside Rajkumar was her nephew Shriman Sendhil, who spends two to three hours a day on the social network and claims 1,000 Facebook friends.  "This is the only thing that woke him up," Rajkumar said of the visit to the company. "Disneyland didn't work."  Quietly but indubitably, tech tourism has become a thing. Hundreds of people a day visit the Facebook sign and Google's Android sculpture garden in Mountain View, with many stopping at other tech giants as well, snapping photos and shooting video. And they don't even get to go inside.  "What you're seeing are people on a pilgrimage," said Stanford communications professor Fred Turner, who regularly drives past Facebook and ponders the selfie-seeking travellers. Most technology tourism is of the do-it-yourself variety, but several companies offer customised tours.  Turner compared the new breed of tourists to pilgrims who travelled to the Holy Land in the Middle Ages to visit churches engaged in large-scale colonialism.  "We now see pilgrimages to firms that in ways both good and bad are colonising our everyday lives," Turner said. "Folks are looking for a physical place behind the kind of dematerialised experience that they have online."  A visit to Google's Android garden in Mountain View presents a physical place, and more: Here, tourists walk among super-sized representations of the operating system's mascots, including a hulking doughnut, immense cupcake and giant ice-cream sandwich, representing the 11 Android iterations.  "We use Google every day, every hour, so we wanted to visit it," said Daniel Rezende, 34, an electrical engineer from Brazil on vacation with his wife, Monica, a 37-year-old dentist. "It's an important place."  Turner's pilgrimage theory also seems to explain why Canadians Vicky Hsu and Philip Huang were at the Facebook sign with their baby and a selfie stick, about 1,000 miles from their Vancouver home.  "We use (Facebook) every day," said Hsu, 30, a banker. Huang, a 37-year-old airport shop manager, gestured toward Facebook's sprawling campus and said, as might be predicted, "It's pretty cool, eh?" They planned to drop in at Google next.  Mostly, tech tourists are not focused on a single company. They hopscotch from firm to firm.  "We just came from Oracle, then we go to HP, Google; we're going to do Tesla, Intel, eBay and Yahoo. And Apple, I forgot Apple," said Ray Santiago, of San Francisco, escorting his friend Eiji Matsumoto, from Tokyo, on a do-it-yourself tour that brought them to the Facebook sign. Matsumoto owns a Japanese company that designs websites.  "That's why I like to see the high-tech companies," said Matsumoto, 46. "Everything is huge, just huge. One company is like one city in Japan."  For the Rezendes, of Brazil, watching Googlers pedal the company's famous multi-coloured employee bikes around the campus highlighted a difference between job requirements at Google and those in Brazil. "Usually we work on just one duty and don't move from building to building," Daniel Rezende said, before he and Monica headed off to visit Apple's headquarters in Cupertino.  It's a short walk from the sculptures to Google's merchandise shop, where a branded sweatshirt costs around US$20 (RM80), a Google lollipop will set you back less than US$3 (RM12), and the most popular purchases among the 300 to 500 people who visit daily are, according to a staffer, Android figurines for US$8 (RM32) to US$15 (RM60) and Google T-shirts for US$15 (RM60).  The notoriously secretive Silicon Valley tech giants offer no public tours of their facilities but generally allow limited public access. Naturally, some visitors push the envelope.  "You need to know a staff member to get a tour," an Australian visitor to Google noted on TripAdvisor in March. As a consolation, the Australian suggested an unauthorised escapade frowned upon by company security. "Can ride a Google bike around the outside of the campus if wanted though," the visitor wrote.  Like Google, Facebook and Apple, Tesla has a branded-merchandise shop at its Palo Alto headquarters. Visitors are prohibited from exploring beyond the lobby, where the shop is located. "They come and try to take pictures of the cars," said a security guard posted in a rear parking lot. "We kick 'em out. That's why we're here."  Some tourists' expectations go unmet. "It was nice to walk between the buildings, take some pictures and see the employees enjoy their lunch break," a visitor to Google's campus posted on a Google Plus thread about Silicon Valley tourism, before griping that Google provided no bathroom access. "We were redirected to a nearby public park," the traveller sniffed.  A TripAdvisor user from London recalled a disappointing incident from a visit to Google. "We got told not to use the Google bikes as they are for employees only, which was a bit of a shame," the traveller complained.  At one of the handful of companies offering Silicon Valley tours, the trip to see the tech icons has been the most popular of its 14 Bay Area tour options for the past year.  "The selfies are the main thing," said Tours By Locals guide Caesar Cypriano, 55. "They do all their postings, and then people on the other side of the globe go, 'Wow, I wish I were there!'" — The Mercury News/Tribune News Service You May Be Interested Viral video will crash your iPhone Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read Romario calls for indictments of Brazil football bosses M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Philippines money laundering body charges bankers for ignoring cyberheist Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Most Viewed in Tech Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Viral video will crash your iPhone The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Israeli firm can steal phone data in seconds Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Pokémon Go says thanks and reshuffles CP Watch your self-ie! India tops ranking for selfie deaths Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Ecumenical News ecunews.com Home U.S. world Church Culture Belief Humanitarian Analysis Lifestyle Korean Peninsula Fighting Fake News Iranian Bahá'ís Middle East Christians Venezuela Impasse Climate Change Nov 23, 2016, Updated at 12:41 PM EST Home General Android 7.0 Nougat release date, features: Leak points to August launch Denise See |Wednesday, August 10 2016 Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it (Twitter/@Android)The Android Nougat OS will reportedly land in August. The Android Nougat operating system is one of the most-awaited releases this year. Google has been hard at work with the new software and, based on reports and leaks, it looks like consumers are going to get their hands on it soon enough. Notorious tipster Evan Blass, who is widely known for his oft-accurate leaks, took to his Twitter handle last month to tease the release date of the Android 7.0 N. The moniker of the new operating system was revealed at the end of June after months of keeping it secret. Nutella and Nuts were only two of the guesses that users went with, but the name ultimately went to Nougat. Android 7.0 releases next month, with the 8/5 security patch. Sorry Nexus 5 owners, no Nougat for you The Android 7.0 Nougat was reportedly in its beta testing phase in July and will be ready for release in the middle of this month. The launch will apparently happen after an update or security patch that took place on Aug. 5. The Android 7.0 Nougat operating system could drop anytime soon. In addition to the revelation of a release date, Blass also teased that Nexus 5 users will not be so lucky to get the operating system. It remains to be seen whether this is true. However, other Nexus devices will reportedly get the Android Nougat, including Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus 6, Nexus Player, and Nexus 9. As for its specifications, the Android 7.0 Nougat is said to have the new Google Camera 4.1, which boasts a handful of impressive features. There has also been talk of virtual reality capabilities in its display. Additionally, multi-language support has been taken up a notch. The scheduled release of the Android 7.0 Nougat operating system in respective smartphones will depend on the brand. For Samsung Galaxy users, though, there have been speculations that it could either land early or late. Since nothing has been confirmed, tech enthusiasts should take this news with a grain of salt.  Copyright © 2016 Ecumenical News Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it RECOMMENDED Ukrainian conflict East Europe's worst crisis since World War 2, says archbishop S. African priest who resisted witchcraft on path to Catholic sainthood First black presiding bishop installed at Episcopal Church USA Churches unite in call for United States to confront racism Pentecostal Church in Chile celebrates Christian unity at ecumenical service News from General Boston Celtics free agency, trade rumors 2016: Impact player search done with Al Horford's emergence? Dallas Mavericks trade rumors 2016: Magic's Nikola Vučević key to save failing season? Sacramento Kings free agency, trade rumors 2016: Rudy Gay's fiery start improves chances of staying? 'Final Fantasy 15' news: Learn more about what Chocobos can do inside the game 'Final Fantasy 7 Remake' rumors: Should fans be concerned about lack of new information regarding the game? Most Popular Western marriage laws clash with 'moral human nature,' says Russian Orthodox Patriarch It's wrong to say ISIS has nothing to do with Islam, says Archbishop of Canterbury Full text: Justin Welby's address on Europe's future and dealing with religious extremism International church leaders call for reopening of North Korea industrial zone UN condemns Iran's harassment of its religious monitories, particularly Bahá'ís Google and Facebook fake news scandal during US election also entangled Pope Francis Buddhist aid workers face backlash for helping Myanmar's Rohingya Muslims Tweets by @EcumenicalNews Ecumenical News ©2016 All rights resesrved About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Service Privacy Policy X
Datamation.com Cloud Data Center Mobile Applications Open Source Videos IT Topics News Columns Forums Slideshows About Careers Networks Security Storage Datamation.com Mobile/WirelessRead More in Mobile/Wireless » 10 Top Virtual Reality Apps Email Article Comment on this article Share Articles Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Facebook Google LinkedIn MySpace Reddit Slashdot StumbleUpon Technorati Twitter Windows Live YahooBuzz FriendFeed Posted August 8, 2016 By  Cynthia Harvey 1 of Back To Start Pause Loading... 10 Top Virtual Reality Apps Photo: Oculus Rift 1. Google Cardboard The Google Cardboard app turns any smartphone into a VR viewer. In order to use the app, you'll also need a physical viewer. Inexpensive viewers are available through the Cardboard site, or you can, quite literally, build your own using the instructions Google provides. All you need is a few things you can find at any hardware or craft store: cardboard, lenses, magnets, Velcro and a rubber band. The Cardboard app is free for both Android and iOS, and the Google Play store lists quite a few apps specifically designed to work with Cardboard. 2. Within If you love a good documentary or artistic film, Within is for you. It offers a collection of VR movies that tell "extraordinary stories," and many of the films have won awards at various film festivals. Currently featured titles include "Mr. Robot," "Walking New York," "Clouds Over Sidra," "Invasion!," "The Click Effect," "A History of Cuban Dance," "My Mother's Wing," and others. The Within team is collaborating on content creation with several other organizations, including The New York Times, NBC, Vice, the United Nations, Apple and U2. The app is available for free for both Android and iOS. Note that it used to be called Vrse. 3. Jaunt Another option for viewing VR content, Jaunt offers a collection of mass-market-friendly VR videos. It has a large collection of travel-related content, which translates particularly well to the VR format, as well as sports, music, popular movies and content created by Paul McCartney. Some of the titles available include "Shaq Goes to Cuba," "Visiting Dirk Nowitzki," "Zoolander No. 2," "The Lion King 360," "Escape the Living Dead," "Jack White: Freedom at 21," and "Pure McCartney: Early Days." The Jaunt viewer is available for Android, iOS, Gear VR, VIVE and Oculus with PlayStation VR support coming soon. 4. nytvr The New York Times has been at the forefront of the VR trend with its nytvr app. Available for both Android and iOS, it offers content put together by award-winning journalists. Currently featured content includes stories on the Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca, summiting the spire on 1 World Trade Center and the recent missions to Pluto. They post new content about once a month. The app is free through the App Store or Google Play, and it works with Google Cardboard. 5. Google Expeditions Google created its Expeditions app to highlight the possibilities of the virtual reality format. Designed for teachers to use with their students in a classroom setting, it transports viewers to a variety of exotic locations like coral reefs, the surface of Mars, a TV studio, Machu Picchu, Antarctica, the International Space Station and more. Educational content accompanies the immersive video. Currently Expeditions is available only for Android, but Google has said that it plans to make an iOS version as well. The app is free and currently has 4.4 stars from reviewers. 6. YouTube You might not realize it, but YouTube has a growing collection of virtual reality content available through its 360° Videos channel. Best of all, you can access the content through the regular YouTube app, which you likely already have on your smartphone or tablet. If not, you can download it for free from Google Play or the App Store. On the channel, you can find content from MTV, Conan and The New York Times, as well as plenty of videos related to sports, music, travel, horror and much more. 7. A Chair in a Room In an immersive environment, ghost stories become much, much scarier than when they are on a regular video screen. A Chair in a Room is a highly rated six-chapter horror story that puts the viewer in the action. If you want a VR experience that makes you jump and (possibly) scream, this one's for you. It even includes a warning not to use it if you have a heart condition. For now, A Chair in a Room is only available for Android devices, and it was built for use with the Cardboard viewer. 8. End Space Several reviewers have pointed to End Space as one of the best VR games currently available. It's a first-person, arcade-style shooter set in space. You can use it with trigger buttons if they are available with your VR controller, or you can shoot virtual lasers at the enemy just by looking at them. Movement is controlled with your head, and the game offers immersive sound for realistic action. Unlike most of the apps on the list, this one isn't free. It's $1.09 on Google Play and $0.99 on the App Store. 9. Lamper Cardboard: First Flight Another popular VR game, Lamper Cardboard: First Flight is a highly addictive endless runner. Players assume the role of a small firefly making its way through a cartoon-like 3D world that is full of tunnels. As you might guess from the title, this game is intended for use with a Google Cardboard viewer. It's free on Google Play, but isn't available for iOS. Currently, it has 3.8 stars from reviewers. There's also a follow-up game called Lamper VR: Firefly Rescue, which features the same character, similar gameplay and better graphics. 10. NBC Sports Given that we are in the middle of the 2016 Summer Olympics, this list would be incomplete if we did not mention that you can watch coverage of the games in VR—if you have a Samsung Gear. You'll also need either the free or paid version of the NBC Sports app for Android. NBC has a step-by-step guide to getting the VR to work. The coverage is delayed, but it includes highlights of some of the most popular events at the games, such as the opening ceremony, beach volleyball, boxing, gymnastics, track and field, fencing, basketball and diving. 10 Artificial Intelligence Trends to Watch in 2017 View Slideshow » Top 9 Cloud Computing Failures View Slideshow » Top 10 Best-Paying IT Certs View Slideshow » Top 10 Trends in Big Data View Slideshow » 12 Top Open Source Data Analytics Apps View Slideshow » IT Salary: 12 Best-Paying IT Jobs View Slideshow » Open Source for Business: Pros and Cons View Slideshow » 10 Leading Private Cloud Companies View Slideshow » 10 Tips for a Higher IT Salary View Slideshow » 15 Top Open Source Artificial Intelligence Tools View Slideshow » 10 Open Source Tools for DevOps View Slideshow » Open Source Software for Business: 12 Leading Apps View Slideshow » Android vs. iPhone for Business: 8 Key Points View Slideshow » 10 Top Virtual Reality Apps View Slideshow » Top 10 Cloud Computing Companies View Slideshow » Open Source Software: Top Sites View Slideshow » Open Source Replacements for Windows XP View Slideshow » Open Source Business Intelligence Software View Slideshow » Best Open Source Software for Windows 10 View Slideshow » Android Apps for Pure Fun View Slideshow » Top Open Source Android Apps View Slideshow » Best Free Android Apps View Slideshow » 16 Open Source Big Data Databases View Slideshow » 5 Open Source Big Data Analysis Platforms and Tools View Slideshow » 5 Open Source Big Data File Systems and Programming Languages View Slideshow » 5 Open Source Big Data Tools: Transfer and Aggregate View Slideshow » 7 Open Source Big Data Business Intelligence Tools View Slideshow » 8 Open Source Big Data Mining Tools View Slideshow » 9 Open Source Operating Systems for the Internet of Things View Slideshow » 9 Open Source Internet of Things Platforms View Slideshow » View All Slideshows > Clearly, virtual realty apps are on the rise -- virtual reality (VR) is finally becoming a reality. According to Deloitte, the VR industry is likely to have its first billion-dollar year in 2016. The bulk of that revenue—$700 million—is likely to come from sales of hardware like Facebook's Oculus Rift, HTC Vive and Samsung Gear VR. However, it's worth noting that you don't need expensive hardware in order to enjoy VR content. If you're the DIY-type, you can use the Google Cardboard VR app and about $5-$10 worth of supplies from a local hardware store to turn any iOS or Android smartphone into a VR viewer. Or you can spend as little as $15 to buy a pre-made Google Cardboard device. For now, Deloitte believes that most of the VR content sold will be games, although movies, entertainment and work-related VR apps will become more important in years to come. On this list, we're highlighting 10 of the best VR apps that you can get and use today. It includes entertainment, news, games and education apps that are worth checking out whether you have a VR device or just a smartphone. Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. 0 Comments (click to add your comment) Comment and Contribute   Your name/nickname Your email Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have characters left.     Top Stories more » Editor's Picks Most Popular Videos 1 IoT to Cover 100 Billion Connected Devices by 2025 2 Is Linux Too Dumbed Down? 3 IT Salary 2016 4 Dropbox Alternatives for Linux Users 5 Coveo Lassos the Cloud for Enterprise Search 1 Linux Security Made Simple 2 NVIDIA, Carnegie Mellon Create S.A.R.A., the Social Robot 3 10 Artificial Intelligence Trends to Watch in 2017 4 China Lent the Smartphone Market Momentum in Q3: Gartner 5 How to Create Bullet Proof Ubuntu Install Enterprise IoT: Experts Discuss Strategies Enterprise IoT experts talk about deployment trends, security, data analytics, and more. WATCH NOW » SDN in the Enterprise: Issues and Challenges Video: The Future of Cloud (Is IT Dead?)
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Skiers Hit The Slopes on Copper Mountain, Colo. ‘View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Dow Jones Industrial Average RADAR: Midwest Winter Storm Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Another New Yorker Killed While Jogging in a Week More Second case unfolds in Massachusetts, where the body of 27-year-old Vanessa Marcotte was found in a wooded area half a mile from her mother's house. 1:25 | 08/08/16 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Another New Yorker Killed While Jogging in a Week Next tonight there are now two separate murder mysteries under investigation police are looking into the second death of a female jogger of Google employee found dead in Massachusetts. This just days after a young woman was killed jogging in New York. ABC's Lindsey Davis with a new warning tonight. Tonight residence in Princeton Massachusetts are on edge authorities are warning them to use an abundance of caution. After discovering the body of 27 year old Vanessa Markoff who disappeared while jogging on Sunday afternoon we have you young woman who appears to be a murder victim and you can't be too careful right now. Mark cut was visiting her mother in Massachusetts but she lived in New York City where she worked for Google. All around 1 PM Sunday she went for a jog and never came back we do not know if this was a random act. Markoff was found by a police canine unit in a wooded area half a mile away from our mother's house. She is the second New York resident to be killed in less than a week while going out for a jog in broad daylight. On Tuesday Karine a the Toronto's father found her body with police just off of the jogging trail Korean his mother had this chilling message for her daughter's killer and I guarantee you. You will pay. What at fox authorities say there is nothing at this point connecting the Massachusetts case with the death of Korean of the Tron -- they are urging people to jog in pairs. Pay attention to their surroundings David. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Massachusetts State Police Find Body of Missing Jogger Now Playing: Trump Barraged by Conflict of Interest Questions Now Playing: President Obama Hosts a Star-Studded Event at the White House Now Playing: Three Workers Are Hurt in a Chemical Plant Explosion in Kansas Now Playing: Retailers Are Trying to Get a Head Start on This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Now Playing: The Department of Homeland Security and the FBI Issue a Joint Alert to Local Authorities Now Playing: Donald Trump Backs Away From Campaign Promise to Further Investigate Hillary Clinton Now Playing: The Suspect in the San Antonio Fatal Police Shooting Has Been Apprehended Now Playing: A New Winter Storm Makes Its Way Across the Country Now Playing: The Investigation Continues Into the Deadly School Bus Crash in Tennessee Now Playing: School Bus Crashes With 35 Elementary School Students on Board Now Playing: Suspect Arrested in Shooting Death of San Antonio Detective Now Playing: Season's First Major Snowstorm Pounds Northeast Now Playing: Foster Child Gives Back After Being Inspired by Teacher Who Helped Him and the Family Who Adopted Him Now Playing: President-Elect Donald Trump Goes On a Twitter Tirade Now Playing: President-Elect Donald Trump Releases 1st Video of Length to Public in Over a Week Now Playing: Tsunami Hits Eastern Japan After Earthquake Strikes Now Playing: President-Elect Donald Trump to Settle Trump University Lawsuit Now Playing: Trump Transition Team Announces Sen. Jeff Sessions as AG Nominee Now Playing: Fallout Grows Over Trump's Pick for National Security Adviser Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":41221634,"title":"Another New Yorker Killed While Jogging in a Week","duration":"1:25","description":"Second case unfolds in Massachusetts, where the body of 27-year-old Vanessa Marcotte was found in a wooded area half a mile from her mother's house.","url":"/WNT/video/yorker-killed-jogging-week-41221634","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
null
