News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Racists are using these code-words online to avoid censorship by Matthew Hughes — in Social Media 1,903 shares Skittles aren’t just candies. Skype isn’t just a VoIP service. Google, Bing, and Yahoo aren’t just search engines. In fact, these are all codewords that are used by racists online in order for them to skirt censorship. You can see the full (and deeply unpleasant) list below. Racist Trump twitter has come up with a new coded way to share racial slurs w/ each other and avoid account suspension. pic.twitter.com/J4AmaHFVCd — Alex Goldman (@AGoldmund) October 1, 2016 You don’t have to search far to find people using these codewords. That said, I’m not going to share any below. I have no desire to give bigots the oxygen of attention. As Buzzfeed pointed out, the use of “Google” as a substitute for the n-word likely comes from 4chan’s Operation Google, which was a response to Google’s Jigsaw program. This is an AI-driven approach to filtering out harassment and abuse online. The participants of Operation Google wanted to trick the AI into filtering out the word “Google” by using it as a derogatory slur for black people. Skittles, on the other hand, is an obvious reference to Donald Trump Jr’s infamous tweet where he compared Syrian refugees to poisoned Skittles. This isn’t the first time the far- and alt-right have used codewords online. In June earlier this year, it was discovered that some were using triple parentheses to identify jewish people online. These triple parentheses – also called ‘echoes’ – were ultimately adopted as a symbol of defiance. Whether the same will happen here remains to be seen. Read next: Stay protected online with a lifetime subscription to OneVPN, now just $29 Insights Share on Facebook (1289) Share on Twitter (359) Matthew Hughes is a reporter from Liverpool. Happy to hear your thoughts on matthughes@thenextweb.com or @matthewhughes on Twitter. Matthew Hughes is a journalist from Liverpool, England. His interests include security, startups, food, and storytelling. Follow him on Twitter. Contact Mail Tweet Location Liverpool Posts 200 Posts / mo. 53.07   All posts by Matthew > Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure I can't stop watching this bird speak perfect Japanese Juan Buis Never lose your Discover Weekly playlist again with this IFTTT Applet Matthew Hughes Google's amazing AI experiments let you play with neural networks Juan Buis #TrumpNarratesPlanetEarth is the funniest thing on Twitter today Bryan Clark Comments Recommended Design thinking as a strategy: How understanding innovation creates innovation Jan Meijroos Most popular 1 Twitter rolls out Snapchat-like QR codes for some users Bryan Clark 2 Google's amazing AI experiments let you play with neural networks Juan Buis 3 Domino's begins delivering pizza by drone in New Zealand Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 Amazon Prime Video is going global next month to take on Netflix Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Coca-Cola 'selfie bottle' lets you snap pics as you sip your health away Mix Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Firefox Focus for iOS makes private browsing a breeze Abhimanyu Ghoshal Three Mobile breached, millions of UK customers' data at risk Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook now lets users trigger Safety Checks Abhimanyu Ghoshal White supremacists plan to flood Twitter with 'fake black people' Bryan Clark Apple finally acknowledges iPhone 'Touch Disease' problem by denying responsibility Bryan Clark This iPad-like 'Apple Mirror' is all I want for Christmas Bryan Clark Dog Parker is a high-tech parking spot... for your dog Bryan Clark The best things about the Surface Studio won't even be made by Microsoft Napier Lopez Google data reveals searches for KKK hit an all-time high after Trump win Bryan Clark Apple reportedly considering building iPhones in the US instead of China Napier Lopez Study: Swearing on Twitter leads to a presumption of ignorance Bryan Clark Apple’s automated backups are making every iPhone owner vulnerable Lauren Gilmore This service offers $1 digital blowjobs that apparently feel like the real deal Juan Buis Apple might boost the iPhone camera with augmented reality gimmicks Mix 24 hours only: Protect your online data for life with Hotspot Shield Elite VPN, now at its lowest price yet TNW Deals @ronconway Any time is a good time to start a company. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous.
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony LG Apple Motorola Microsoft HTC BlackBerry View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung LG Motorola HTC Sony Apple Microsoft BlackBerry more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › Reuters: EC might fine Google and force it to be more competitive to phone manufacturers Reuters: EC might fine Google and force it to be more competitive to phone manufacturers Posted: 02 Oct 2016, 17:24, by Alan F. Tags : Android-Android+ Apps-Apps+ Google-Google+ News agency Reuters says that it has seen the draft of a document that shows what kind of penalties the European Commission will place on Google. The Alphabet subsidiary was accused of using Android's dominating position among smartphone platforms in the continent, to force phone manufacturers into pre-installing the Google Play Store on new phones. Reuters says that the 150-page document reveals that the EC wants to tell Google to stop making payments or offer discounts to handset manufactures as an incentive for them to install the Google Play Store with Google Search. Google also "cannot punish or threaten" manufacturers who do not give in to the company's demands. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing manufacturers to install its proprietary apps (like Google Maps) if doing so prevents these handset makers from using competing operating systems based on Android. These demands that Reuters says will be made by the EC are akin to demanding that Google unbundle the Google Play Store from Android. This would allow manufacturers to pre-install Bing Search, Outlook and Here Maps instead of Google Search, Gmail and Google Maps, and still include the Google Play Store on their handsets. The fine is expected to be a large one since Google has been anti-competitive since January 2011, and remains so according to Reuters' reading of the document. The penalty could be determined by the amount of revenue generated by European AdWords clicks, Google Search product queries, app purchases and in-app advertising. The EU says that the amount of the fine "will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," according to the document. :"We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region."-Google The EC is currently seeking feedback on the document from those companies that have been complaining to the agency about Google's anti-competitive behavior. In addition, Google could face a second charge for favoring the Google Play Store over the application stores offered by rivals. source: Reuters Share Tweet Share iPhone 6 Plus reportedly explodes while in student's pocket 02 Oct Prev news Free Apple app of the week will save you $2.99; Flowing uses the sounds 02 Oct Next news Close newer posts Now you see me: top 5 best clear/transparent cases for the iPhone 7 03 Oct Chiropractors worried about constant smartphone use causing 'text neck' 03 Oct Final Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL specs are posted by Carphone Warehouse 02 Oct Free Apple app of the week will save you $2.99; Flowing uses the sounds 02 Oct Now reading: Reuters: EC might fine Google and force it to be more competitive to phone manufacturers Reuters: EC might fine Google and force it to be more competitive to phone 02 Oct iPhone 6 Plus reportedly explodes while in student's pocket 02 Oct White Google Pixel and black Pixel XL mistakenly revealed by Canadian carrier 02 Oct Xiaomi Mi Note 2 teaser showcases dual rear camera setup 02 Oct India's aviation regulator lifts flying ban on the Samsung Galaxy Note 02 Oct Sony Xperia XZ officially goes on sale for $699.99 02 Oct older posts Featured stories   Bezelless Galaxy S8 and iPhone 8? Yes, they can!   Quick Charge 4.0 goes official   Qualcomm announces Snapdragon 835   OnePlus 3T specs review: Flagship Killer, version 5.0   Best Android phones you can buy in November 2016   OnePlus 3T is official: upgraded specs, starts at $439 55 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save 1 2 Next » posted on 02 Oct 2016, 16:34 11 Reply 1. Scott93274 (Posts: 4945; Member since: 06 Aug 2013) Hmm... I don't see how they can enforce this kind of regulation on Google. Android is a Google owned product. If they want to give it away to OEMs with a few criteria that they must abide by then no one is in a position to argue with them. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 16:40 3 Reply 2. Finalflash (Posts: 3162; Member since: 23 Jul 2013) They can because they don't understand how this all works. They made a similar case against windows and IE but the problem with that was that IE was necessary for windows updates back then. It would only happen through IE (vista and XP being the main culprits). So MS had to decouple windows update from IE in windows 7. They are now making a similar case against Google but don't understand that NONE of google's products are necessary for Android to function. The thing is, MS, Apple and a bunch of other trolls started this litigation and now the EU is taking it forward. The same will not be done to iOS which is far worse in this same crime since you cannot even remove any of their software, change it from default, or have the system function without them. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 16:45 1 Reply 4. Scott93274 (Posts: 4945; Member since: 06 Aug 2013) Blah, I remember when Microsoft disabled Google as a search engine option on several model phones a year or two back. I personally think that the Play store should be one of the only apps preinstalled on an Android phone. Maps, SMS messengers, Email... it should all be left up to the user to pick and choose what to install. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 19:03 2 in response to #4 in response to #4 Hide Reply 13. sgodsell (Posts: 3827; Member since: 16 Mar 2013) Is everyone forgetting that Microsoft already had all their software and services on Nokia X devices. It was an Android smartphone with Microsoft's apps and services, and it didn't have any of Google's apps or services. Also there was no play store. The devices didn't fly at all because people soon realized that they were not a regular Android device. Plus with no play store, they were doomed. What kills me is there are a number of Android versions already, like Remix OS, Amazon's version of Android, Oxygen OS, Cyanogen, and a number of others already. You want the play store and Google's apps, then you have to conform to Google's restrictions. Microsoft does this with their apps and services. Microsoft doesn't do that with their browser because it's still locked into using their OS's and only their OS's, because Windows itself is locked down and restricted. The EC or EU doesn't have a leg to stand on in this. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 21:22 1 in response to #13 in response to #13 Hide Reply 20. vincelongman (Posts: 4552; Member since: 10 Feb 2013) Also MS had over 90% of the PC market share Depending on the source, Android has about 70% of the phone market share in Europe Google do not a have a monploy like MS had posted on 02 Oct 2016, 21:24 0 in response to #20 in response to #20 Hide Reply 21. kiko007 (Posts: 2971; Member since: 17 Feb 2016) This suit isn't really about Android. From what I gather, it's more a Google Search suit if anything....but even so, Google's gonna get swindled hardcore. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 21:36 0 in response to #21 in response to #21 Hide Reply 22. vincelongman (Posts: 4552; Member since: 10 Feb 2013) Its mainly about Android http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_IP-16-1492_en.htm posted on 02 Oct 2016, 22:05 0 in response to #21 in response to #21 Hide Reply 23. VZWuser76 (Posts: 4428; Member since: 04 Mar 2010) No, it's Android. What is happening is that for an OEM to have access to the Playstore, they must adhere to certain guidelines about how much they can change the OS. OEMs want the ability to go the route Amazon or OnePlus did but still have access to the Playstore. The only problems I see with that is that while everything should work just fine in theory since it all Android, depending on how much they change the OS some apps may not play well with the forked OS. By having guidelines as to how much they can change, there is a slimmer chance that apps in the Playstore will run into compatibility issues with the OSs used by the OEMs. Let them do whatever they want and change them too much and that might not be the case anymore. There are already apps that are specific to certain versions of Android already (like they only work with Touchwiz or Sense or Google's stock setup). Besides that, if people thought Android was fragmented now, just wait until there are new forked versions changed even more than they are now. From an update standpoint, this looks to be a major CF. I'm not saying they absolutely aren't using their position to keep things the way they want, but sometimes there needs to be guidelines for things to operate correctly. It's not much different than having the laws our governments have. What if they just let people do whatever they wanted, with nothing to reign people in? It'd be like Trump times a million. posted on 03 Oct 2016, 08:47 0 Reply 32. arenanew (Posts: 281; Member since: 30 Dec 2013) ban google its dangerous for all posted on 02 Oct 2016, 16:41 3 Reply 3. lyndon420 (Posts: 4520; Member since: 11 Jul 2012) If you want ms services get yourself a WP. These suits don't make sense. If people wanted those apps they'd be buying devices that support them. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 16:54 8 Reply 5. Scott93274 (Posts: 4945; Member since: 06 Aug 2013) I'm sorry, but Google is not a charity. They're a software company, and they have been developing and fine tuning their mobile OS for nearly a decade now. The EU expects them to give it away to any and every OEM and not permit Google to apply their services so they can actually benefit from their hard work? Seriously, they're simply looking for money now that they lost Britain. EU, the world's new biggest troll. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 19:38 1 Reply 18. Subie (Posts: 928; Member since: 01 Aug 2015) Right on Scott. This is just a potential money grab by the governments with no real benefit to the citizens. Google gives their operating system away for free and it's the consumers that made it dominant. Now why should they be punished for that? BB has Blackberry World, Apple has the App Store, and Google/Android has the Play store. None of these fines make any sense to me unless it's about money. Opening up Android for OEM's to do as they will would only hurt the brand, create more fragmentation and do nothing to offer a true benefit to the consumer. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 20:32 2 Reply 19. lyndon420 (Posts: 4520; Member since: 11 Jul 2012) And really...who appointed the EU to be an authority over us anyway?!! If OEM's are having a tough time selling Android handsets without the Google Play Store, maybe it's because the average consumer prefers to have apps at their disposal. posted on 03 Oct 2016, 08:48 0 Reply 33. arenanew (Posts: 281; Member since: 30 Dec 2013) google is fraud this is big relief for india and other country / keep ur s**t aaway google posted on 02 Oct 2016, 17:05 5 Reply 6. joevsyou (Posts: 847; Member since: 28 Feb 2015) i really don't get these types of fines... No one one forcing anyone to use android and build their own OS. Companies just go for android because it's already established it's userbase and saves them money from building their own posted on 02 Oct 2016, 17:06 0 Reply 7. Fona13A (unregistered) EC fines (if not just blankly threatens) all the big companies, easy targets regardless of their practices, in good will or ill. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 17:21 0 Reply 8. Martineverest (Posts: 413; Member since: 27 Oct 2015) It happened to Microsoft, google won't be left out posted on 02 Oct 2016, 19:21 3 Reply 15. sgodsell (Posts: 3827; Member since: 16 Mar 2013) There was a huge difference with Microsoft here. Microsoft had over 92% of the world market in OS's. Plus Netscape and a few others charged for their browsers. Then Microsoft made IE, and then gave it free. People could download it IE for free. Then Microsoft embedded IE into their OS. Just like they did will all their OS versions. Microsoft was not playing a fair game at all. And what kills me is anyone can already take and use Android today and do what ever they want with it. Even Nokia and Microsoft made a few devices with Android already, and with only Microsoft apps and services, including Here maps. Those devices failed because people thought it was going to be a regular Android device with Google's apps and services. Yet there was none of Google's apps and services. No Google's maps or Chrome browser. So Amazon doesn't pay anything to Google and they have their fire OS which is Android. OnePlus has a forked version of Android, yet they wanted Google's play store. The is true for Cyanogen, Remix OS, and a number of other Android versions. This is just a witch hunt spear headed by Microsoft and Apple. Plus the EU needs more money, so they are always looking for ways to pluck more money from anyone and everyone. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 17:47 1 Reply 9. An.Awesome.Guy (Posts: 407; Member since: 12 Jan 2015) So ,does this mean they may also try to stop MS from putting their apps (bloatware) inside smartphone handsets in exchange of patents ? posted on 02 Oct 2016, 18:36 0 Reply 12. avalon2105 (Posts: 280; Member since: 12 Jul 2014) 3% or less of mobile market hardly makes a monopoly. These lawsuits are based on abuse of dominant position in one market to further promote there services in other markets. Happened to Microsoft for IE and WMP, happened to Google for Chrome and Google Search. I honestly support this decision. If LG, Sony or Samsung think their phones would work better with their own calendar, clock, browser, email app, etc. Google shouldn't be forcing them to install Google's inferior app also. posted on 02 Oct 2016, 19:23 0 Reply 16. joeytaylor (Posts: 461; Member since: 28 Feb 2015) Then said companies should build their own OS and not use Android posted on 02 Oct 2016, 19:32 4 Reply 17. sgodsell (Posts: 3827; Member since: 16 Mar 2013) Clearly you don't know your head from your @$$, because LG, Sony, and Samsung have had and still have their own apps. Some even have their own app stores as well as Google's. Also comparing Windows with IE and the browser wars is really dumb on your part. This is something that is totally different. Plus Microsoft already had a device with Nokia called the Nokia X, and it was a device that had everything already what Microsoft wanted. Microsoft's version of Android with none of Google's apps or services, and no Googplay store. The devices didn't fly, because people were expecting at least some of Google's apps and the play store. Also Amazon's Fire OS is a version of Android and they do not pay Google a dime, Cyanogen is another version of Android, just like Remix OS, and a number of others. I can't see them taking on Google for this, especially when others are already using Android OS, and some are not even paying Google. So how can they fine Google. This is really stupid. posted on 03 Oct 2016, 03:13 0 in response to #17 in response to #17 Hide Reply 28. avalon2105 (Posts: 280; Member since: 12 Jul 2014) Yes, OEMs can have their own music, gallery, etc. apps but they must also install Google's version of the same app. When I bought G2 I got both AOSP browser and Chrome, LG Music and GP Music, Video player and GP Videos and some more double apps. In each case LG's offering proved to be superior. If I could just uninstall Google apps it would okay but all of them were marked as system apps. Point of this lawsuit is to allow manufacturers access to Play Store regardless of what they do with their version/skin of Android and choice in what apps to preinstall. posted on 03 Oct 2016, 08:30 0 in response to #28 in response to #28 Hide Reply 31. VZWuser76 (Posts: 4428; Member since: 04 Mar 2010) And what if what they do with their forked OS makes certain apps incompatible? Google manages and maintains the Playstore. They have a set of guidelines about how much of a change can be made to the OS. Going beyond that there's the possibility that compatibility issues could arise. Beyond that, Google makes their money off of ads. They're offering this for free, but want to be able to advertise to generate revenue. I said below its similar to a company that offers both a free and paid option for their service. The free service will have some drawbacks like ads or missing some features where the paid service will be ad free and have all the features. These people are essentially saying "We want access to all the features for free". Sorry but anywhere else it doesn't work like that, so I don't see why it should be any different here. posted on 03 Oct 2016, 10:10 0 in response to #31 in response to #31 Hide Reply 34. avalon2105 (Posts: 280; Member since: 12 Jul 2014) I'm sorry but removing GApps (some or all) will not break anything or cause compatibility issues. It is likely to lower the possibility of conflict (less apps overall). Google's money model is irrelevant here. They have monopoly in EU mobile market (84 or 86%) and are using that position to block competing services like Firefox, HERE maps, Yahoo search, Dailymotion etc. They became the victim of their own success and if people really prefer Google apps they are couple of clicks away. Just open Google Play and install any Google app you want. posted on 03 Oct 2016, 11:04 0 in response to #34 in response to #34 Hide Reply 35. VZWuser76 (Posts: 4428; Member since: 04 Mar 2010) I'm not talking about removing the apps, I'm talking about how much they change the OS. Most apps are made to run under the same guidelines that Google has put out. And for the Playstore to run properly, the Google Play Services app has to be present. Where are you getting that they're blocking other services? I've owned plenty of phones, and the ones made by OEMs that have a skin like Touchwiz or Sense had their own apps on there, many as default over Google's apps. For instance, on Samsung's and HTC's phones, their browser was simply called Internet, and it was the default app. When the Samsung Fascinate launched, it had Bing as the default browser. So no one's stopping them from loading their own apps on these phones or evenaking them the default, all they're asking for is to have them installed. But to say how they get revenue is irrelevant isn't being realistic. Say this goes through and everyone decides to dump all the Google apps in place of their own. What incentive is there for Google to maintain or even advance the software, except for their own devices? You seem to have completely glossed over my last paragraph. This would be no different than Spotify users demanding that they get the features that are present on the paid app for free. Should Spotify do that? They're in the same position as Google is in respect to streaming music, but I don't see anyone asking for that. posted on 03 Oct 2016, 12:38 0 in response to #35 in response to #35 Hide Reply 36. avalon2105 (Posts: 280; Member since: 12 Jul 2014) I've removed every Google app from my phone aside from Google Play, Google Play Services and Google Settings (couldn't remove those no matter how hard I tried) and everything worked properly. As for your second paragraph, I didn't say they can't use their own apps, just that they have to put Google's bloatware ALONGSIDE their apps. I've got no experience or interest with music streaming so I really don't know about different Spotify options. Regardless of that, it is not EU commission's job to protect Google profit margins. They are supposed to protect EU consumers and that is what they are doing. posted on 03 Oct 2016, 18:20 0 in response to #36 in response to #36 Hide Reply 41. VZWuser76 (Posts: 4428; Member since: 04 Mar 2010) I understand it's possible to do that. My point was, if they want to get rid of all Google apps, including the three you couldn't get rid of, then Playstore access becomes moot because it runs off of Google Play Services. Ok, so please tell me how it's consumers them to have those apps on board? Is it just that it takes up space on the phone? And how much space are those apps actually taking up? Or is it that they don't want Google having access to their device? Because in most cases, if you don't setup or activate those services, they won't be operating. I never said it was the EU's job to protect their profits, it's Google's, which is what they're trying to do here, and the EU is trying to take that away from them. Again, they entered this agreement willingly. Did Google force them to use Android? No, they didnt. They could take Android and make it be whatever they wanted it to be. Or they could create something completely on their own, no one is stopping them from doing either. But what they want is access to the Playstore without having to follow Google's guidelines. Amazon went their own way and are doing ok. They might not be number one going that route, but they could still make a profit. But again, the Playstore is Google's, it won't part of AOSP, and it never was. If it were then I'd agree with this, but it isn't. posted on 04 Oct 2016, 11:22 0 in response to #41 in response to #41 Hide Reply 42. avalon2105 (Posts: 280; Member since: 12 Jul 2014) Let me ask you if you needed specific type of app and opened Google Play to find 3 possible choices. One is rated at 4,3 second at 4,4 and third at 4,6. Which would you pick? Currently most users are dealing with 4,3 (Google Maps) because it comes prinstalled on their devices. 4,4 (HERE maps) and 4,6 (Waze) are clearly better but are being penalized for not being made by Google. Another drawback is that installing from Google Play shows you what permissions you are giving to each app. When Google apps get preinstalled you have no idea what permissions they are using. And since they are marked as system apps they are free to run rampant on your system. Case in point is Google Play services being huge battery hog (using more battery then screen) and you can do nothing about it. posted on 04 Oct 2016, 15:04 0 in response to #42 in response to #42 Hide Reply 43. VZWuser76 (Posts: 4428; Member since: 04 Mar 2010) How are they being penalized? Those apps can be preloaded on any Android phone and he made the default. Like I said above, both Samsung and HTC have set their apps as default even though Google's apps were also installed on the device. All Google is asking for is them to be preinstalled as well. You can go into Settings>Apps and select any app you want, preinstalled or not, and see the permissions granted to the apps and even take them away. And I looked on my phones battery usage statistics, Google Play Services is the lowest one in my list. 1 2 Next » view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › Reuters: EC might fine Google and force it to be more competitive to phone manufacturers Reuters: EC might fine Google and force it to be more competitive to phone manufacturers Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   You can now get the Google Pixel home button animation on the Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X   Rumored specs for the OnePlus 4 surface again: dual cameras, 4000mAh battery and up to 8GB of RAM   The OnePlus 3T may very well be the first phone to come equipped with 8GB of RAM   Get Google Pixel-like zero shutter lag on your Nexus 6P or Nexus 5X with this modified camera app 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles The iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 may come with 'edge-to-edge' screens, how is that possible? How to shoot RAW photos with your compatible iOS 10-running iPhone iPhone 7 vs HTC 10: speaker comparison 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC 10 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ 7 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Apple with three new iPads in March, including a bezel-less 10.9-inch model How to shoot RAW photos with your iPhone Best Chinese Android smartphones How to get most Pixel-exclusive features on other Android phones Samsung stops all sales and production of Galaxy Note 7 Best smartphones you can buy right now: (October-November 2016) Apple iPhone 7 Review 22 tips and tricks for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: make the most of out of your device Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: Cell phone accessories, PubGalaxy, Cell Phone Accessories About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2016 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Trump supporters share secret code for racist slurs and hate on Twitter to avoid suspension Yahoo7 on October 3, 2016, 10:41 am Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Trump supporters share secret code for racist slurs and hate on Twitter to avoid suspension - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Trump supporters have created their own code words for racist and hateful slurs to prevent their social media profiles being suspended when posting comments online. Stop Video Replay 1:44 Trump continues sexist remarks in Twitter rant UP NEXT VIDEO Trump continues sexist remarks in Twitter rant A chart has been uncovered online, with reference to code words to allow racial abuse and hate to flounder on Twitter without consequence. Trump supporters share codewords in attempt to post abusive and hateful comments online without detection. Picture: PAA Supporters of the US Republican presidential candidate have flooded Twitter with posts replacing words for Jew, Mexican, Arab, gay, lesbian, conservatives, among others, with non-suspect words like Google, Skype, Yahoo, and butterfly. Curiosity got the better of Alex Goldman, the host of podcast Reply All, who noticed the code words pooping up on tweets, and found the chart after googling the terms. He shared the list with his 34,700 Twitter followers on Saturday. "I noticed that a bunch of alt right twitter people were harassing a conservative podcaster called Stephen Crowder on Twitter... because he has not endorsed Donald Trump," he told Metro.co.uk. Obama founder of ISIS, says Trump Clinton racist slurs on Trump wrong:Howard Trump, Clinton exchange angry charges of racism "I started noticing people writing 'skypes, googles, and skittles' and I thought to myself 'what the hell does that mean?' "So I did a Google search on skypes, googles and skittles, and that answer key came up." The podcaster believes the code was created in attempt to post abusive and hateful comments online without detection, following a Google crackdown on language of abuse and harassment. It is not clear where the chart of hateful slurs originated as it surfaced online attributed to ‘A-D Man' The chart Goldberg discovered was posted to a meme website onsizzle.com accompanied by the caption "Welp, while Operation Google is underway, we will officially try not to get ourseves banned for ‘Hate Speech’ (Because Mark Zuckerberg is a Skype-Google who ban meme page for almost no reason)," it continues. "We will officially be named Bings, who just like the search engine, is trash. But don’t worry, we will survive as Bings and I promise you, I will guide you through this dark time." It is uncertain where the secret code originated, however the chart and comments were signed off with the initials ‘A-D Man’. Goldman said the key allowed Trump twitter supporters to a coded way to share racial slurs with each other and avoid account suspension. "There really is a sense by a certain subset of Trump supporters that white America is under siege and they are not allowed to speak their mind about it," he added. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Trump supporters share secret code for racist slurs and hate on Twitter to avoid suspension - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News CCTV captures man carrying liquid container moments before Melbourne bank blast Brisbane mother delivers her baby in front seat of car A Brisbane mother has given birth in the passenger seat of her family car after her little boy couldn’t wait to enter the world. Man dressed as hammerhead shark throws net over Premier Mike Baird in protest A man has thrown a net on Premier Mike Baird at a press conference announcing five new shark nets off the NSW far north coast. 'I’m allowed to put on weight now': Former female jockey hits back at fat-shamers A female jockey forced to retire after a shocking race fall has hit out at her ‘fat-shaming’ critics, saying she doesn’t “need to be skinny anymore”. Woman bursts into tears after admitting 'repulsive' sex acts with her dog A woman who pleaded guilty to bestiality, stabbing a woman with a fork and biting a child will be sentenced on Monday. Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters A Sydney journalist has been left bruised and bloodied after being attacked by a supporter of Tarek Assaad, whose gangland brother was shot dead last month. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Police catch giant python after it ate villager's ducks Man combines love of tea and bungy jumping to break world record 'In Russia, the bus catches you': Texting jaywalker smashed by bus Crowd cheers as Sydney schoolboys beat each other in savage brawl Warne, Slater, KP in hot water over in-car Facebook video Monkey adopted by herd of goats in China WATCH: First pizza delivered by drone! OUR PICKS Meakin sentenced to 18 years jail for hit-run murder Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters WA mum punched, robbed at petrol station English tourist dies after diving off Port Douglas MOST VIEWED Polar bear captured giving dog a pat in Canada Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Maps Will Now Show You Calendar Events By Tyler Lee on 10/02/2016 16:45 PST Do you have an event scheduled on Google Calendar? In the past if this meant that you had to go somewhere unfamiliar, you’d have to pull out Google Maps and find your way. However it seems that in the latest update to Google Maps, Google has decided to combine certain features of it Calendar app into its Maps app. According to Google, “To ensure that your events appear on Google Maps, enter the address in the ‘Where’ box when you create an event in Google Calendar. As long as you’re signed into both Google Calendar and Google Maps, the next time you open Google Maps you’ll see your Google Calendar events right there on the map.” Basically now you can map your way to an event directly within the Maps app based on your Calendar schedule without having to switch between apps. However as Google points out, it will require you to be signed into both services and presumably under the same account as well. In addition, Google Maps will also be able to display upcoming events, so if you’re the sort that likes to plan their route out, this upcoming feature will help you get ahead on things. From what we can tell, this new feature seems to be exclusive to Android for now, but we expect that it could eventually arrive on iOS. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Apps, Google and Google Maps. Related Articles 2016-11-17 Google Maps Will Now Show Toilet Locations In India 2016-11-16 Google Allo Updated With Themes, Suggested Stickers, And More 2016-11-15 Google Translate Gets A Neural Machine Translation Upgrade 2016-11-15 Google WiFi Now Available For Pre-Order 2016-11-15 Google Launches PhotoScan App That Helps Scan & Store Old Photos 2016-09-29 Google Maps Gets A Bunch Of New Voice Commands 2016-09-13 Google Maps Shows Speed Limits During Navigation 2016-09-12 Latest Google Maps Beta Shows Distance In Search 2016-09-11 Google Maps Beta Has A New ‘Explore’ Interface Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
News Breaking News 5 Fast Facts Crime Politics Celebrities Sports Odds Betting NFL College Football Soccer Baseball Golf Basketball WAGs UFC Tickets Entertainment Television Celebs Movies 5 Fast Facts Funny Videos Web & Social Tech Google Apple Android Games Microsoft Apps Tablets Smartphones Gaming News Xbox One PS4 Xbox 360 Wii U 3DS PS3 Mobile PC Games Trailers Accessories Shopping Gifts for Women Gifts for Men Baby Wedding Pets Garden Audio Boys’ Toys Girls’ Toys Games ‘Pokemon Go’: How to Fix the ‘Unable to Authenticate’ Error Published 7:18 pm EST, October 2, 2016 Updated 10:58 am EST, October 3, 2016 7 Comments By Stephanie Dube Dwilson 38.9k Share Tweet Share Email Follow (Niantic) Are you frequently running into an “Unable to Authenticate” error in Pokemon Go? You’re not alone. Trainers report this error from time to time, and it can be really frustrating when it prevents you from playing. This has been a problem since Pokemon Go first launched, although the source of the problem can vary and the error has been increasingly recently. Here’s what you need to know. You May Be Getting This Error Because You Were Banned Many accounts were banned by Niantic because they broke the game’s Terms of Service. This may happen for doing things such as falsifying locations, using emulators, unofficial software, or accessing Pokemon GO backends through third-party software, according to Niantic. For example, they might have used a GPS spoofer or a bot to run the game while they weren’t actually using it. If you ever did either of these with your account and now your’e seeing this error, then you might have been banned from playing Pokemon Go. Players who think they are banned can appeal it at Niantic’s page here. When you appeal, you’ll receive an automated response that appears to confirm the ban. However, this email is sent to everyone who fills out an appeal form. Possible Fixes for ‘Unable to Authenticate’ If You Weren’t Banned Just because you get the “unable to authenticate” error doesn’t mean you were cheating. In fact, some Pokemon Go players who did use third-party apps tested this by trying to log into the game with accounts that were not connected to third-party apps, only to find that those accounts were still locked out or broken too. If you know you didn’t violate TOS and you’re still getting this message, it could be some kind of glitch or error. Try logging out of your account and logging back in. If you’re using Android, try removing Pokemon Go’s permissions from your Google account setting and then reinstall the app. You might also want to make sure that you’re logged into the game with the right Google account. There have been a few times when a glitch caused players to open their game and find they were logged in with the wrong Gmail, without their remembering that they did anything to make it happen.  If you have your passwords saved, try deleting all your Google passwords to make sure you’re not automatically getting logged into the game with the wrong saved username and password. Some other players have suggested that if you still get an error message when trying to play, you can try logging out and creating a Pokemon Trainer Club account. Log in with that account, play for a while, then log out and try logging again with your regular Google account. It doesn’t work all the time, but it fixes server and authentication problems sometimes. Your Device Might Not Be Compatible If you’re getting this error message, it’s possible that you’re simply using a device that isn’t supported by Pokemon Go. According to Niantic’s Support page, supported Android devices use 4.4+, with GPS and Location services, a preferred resolution of 720×1280 pixels, and a strong Internet connection. Supported iOS devices must be iPhone 5 or newer, iOS 8 or higher, with GPS and location services and with a strong Internet connection. You’re Using a Rooted or Jailbroken Phone You may also see this error if you’re using a rooted Android phone or a jailbroken iOS device. Niantic no longer supports either type of device in Pokemon Go. If you unroot your device, you may still encounter issues if you still have the rooted OS on your phone or other settings that might indicate your phone was rooted. For example, Redditors have reported that if you use Magisk to switch off rooting, you might still get the error because SafetyNet is failing. Try the SafetyNet Helper and see if you get a “payload validation failed” message even with the root switched off in Magisk. To fix this, Redditor 3shirts said they disabled xposed and rebooted. After that, the game passed SafetyNet and began working again. Some Issues May Be Related to Your Region, Carrier, or IP This hasn’t been confirmed, but a group of players on Reddit’s The Silph Road are suggesting that some “unable to authenticate” errors may be connected to your region or carrier. For example, Redditor Engrada found that players in Ontario who used Koodo were encountering the “unable to authenticate” error, even if they had never violated TOS or used a rooted phone. One player on Reddit said that Telus and Koodo customers in Ontario were affected and Telus was working to fix the issue. The same thing is happening for some people who use Cricket, according to this Reddit thread. Some players are guessing that Niantic might be blocking some of Cricket’s or other carrier’s IP ranges due to concerns about spoofing or botting. A Brazilian publication surmised that this was the reason why a bunch of people on the Claro carrier weren’t able to play Pokemon Go about a month ago. One symptom of the problem could be being able to play via wifi but not being able to connect through mobile data. This issue has not been confirmed by Niantic. But there are certain things you can try if you think it might be affecting you. You can try clearing your phone’s cache or disabling and re-enabling data a few times in a row. If that doesn’t work, check your phone’s IP with a website like IPChicken, then restart your phone and see if your phone is now in a different IP range. If it is, check and see if the game is now working. If your phone has the option, you can also try switching to a different network mode, such as from LTE to WCDMA. ‘Pokemon Go’ Buddy: How Far Do You Need to Walk for Candy? How many kilometers will you have to walk to get candy in Pokemon Go? And how much candy will you get per km? Find out here.Click here to read more Stephanie Dube Dwilson is a news, entertainment & science/tech contributor to Heavy. She's also a featured cat blogger for CatTime, runs a post-apocalyptic blog, and is a guest writer for a number of publications. In her spare time, Stephanie writes screenplays and novels about sci-fi mysteries. You can follow her on Twitter at @StephanieDube or contact her by email here. October 3, 2016 10:58 am Share Tweet Share Email Follow Related Items Android Apps Android Games iPad Apps iPad Games iPhone Apps iPhone Games Mobile Games Pokemon pokemon go Related posts from this category More Posts Leave a comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 7 comments Lee says: October 3, 2016 at 5:21 pm I just wanna say thanks so much. Other sites weren’t working and this site worked out. Great advice! Ya made my days thx again. Reply Gerard says: October 3, 2016 at 7:59 pm Useless. You are not helping me and my rooted phone. Reply S says: October 5, 2016 at 5:34 pm I just tried on two phones, my main lg g4, and my older nexus 5 with no sim card. The nexus 5 works, while the lg g4 has decided not to work for unknown as of yet reasons. I’m stumped since everything else works, it’s just the ONE program. Reply Anonymous says: October 8, 2016 at 12:12 pm Balls Reply Anonymous says: October 9, 2016 at 12:55 am ATTENTION GAMERS: Testicles………that is all Reply luckey says: November 12, 2016 at 2:01 am nox app player pokemon go authenticate error version 0.45.0 Reply luckey says: November 12, 2016 at 2:03 am nox app player pokemon go coins 5,000 balls 5,00 Reply About Heavy Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Heavy, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Related posts from this category More Posts
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos "65% YouTube watch time comes from mobile": Simon Kahn, chief marketing officer, Asia-Pacific, Google By Aditi Srivastava , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Digital | October 03, 2016 12SHARES The announcement was made at Google for India 2016, an event held at Hyatt Regency, New Delhi on September 27, 2016, on the occasion of Google's 18th birthday. Google, the popular search giant (founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin), turned 18 on September 27, 2016. To mark the birthday celebrations, the company, at the second edition of its signature event Google for India 2016, unveiled a slew of new products tailor-made for the Indian market including rural. Among the new products announced at the event (such as the Google Assistant in Hindi inside messaging app Allo, faster browsing for Google Play on 2G connections, as well as new, global platforms inspired by the needs of Indian users such as the Google Station WiFi platform, and new data-saving features in Google Chrome for mobile), that have been adapted for and are aimed at expanding access to the internet for users in India also includes YouTube Go, a brand new app designed and built from insights gathered from India. The afternoon session of the event comprised two sessions - one for marketers and another for entrepreneurs. YouTube The post-lunch session for marketers saw Johanna Wright, vice-president, product management, YouTube, take over the stage to talk about the improvements made for the video sharing platform YouTube for Indian viewers in the last one year, and how it has had a substantial positive impact in terms of increased and improved figures with reference to more people watching content on YouTube. She said that there has been a 90 per cent increase in watch time for YouTube of which there has been a 130 per cent rise in mobile watch time including offline videos. YouTube Go Speaking about the launch of YouTube Go, Wright said, "With YouTube Go, we're bringing the power of video to mobile users in a way that is more conscious of data and connectivity, while being relatable and social." The app, which carries the tagline Mazze Udao, Data Nahin, intends to help Indian users say goodbye to data issues as it would let them do the following seamlessly - Discover. Preview. Save. Share. And now, time for YouTube Go. A brand new app inspired by India for the next billion users. #GoogleforIndia— Google India (@GoogleIndia) September 27, 2016 With YouTube Go, users can preview videos first and choose the video's file size before they save it offline to watch later. They can also share videos easily with friends and family nearby, without using any data at all. Soon, testers in India will be able to use YouTube Go before the product becomes more widely available. If you'd like to be among this first group, or to find out when the app is ready for launch, please sign up at youtubego.com/signup. The new preview function in YouTube Go shows you what to expect before choosing to save or play the video, and in which resolution. You can also share videos with friends nearby, without using any data. YouTube Go will gradually reach out to more people over the next few months, get their feedback, and improve the product before being launched widely. Educating and entertaining more mobile users on YouTube every day. #GoogleForIndia pic.twitter.com/oFivMjAAfA— Google India (@GoogleIndia) September 27, 2016 "We've always believed that connectivity should not be a barrier to watching YouTube. In 2014, we launched YouTube Offline so you could watch videos without suffering from buffering. A few months ago, we rolled out Smart Offline, a feature that allows you to schedule videos to be saved offline later at off-peak times when there's more bandwidth so data is faster and cheaper. But, we realised that for the next generation of YouTube users to fully discover all that YouTube has to offer, we had to re-imagine the YouTube mobile app from the ground up," said Wright. YouTube Go, which will offer content in two view modes - Home and Saved, would be available in more than 10 languages including Hindi, English, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, and Kannada. One can play and watch videos on YouTube Go on low, as well as standard quality connection. Efforts are underway to help advertisers look for reach, not only through YouTube, but YouTube Go as well. YouTube Space Wright spoke about having set-up 'YouTube Space' in Mumbai's Goregaon area in collaboration with Whistling Woods International. It is a place to learn, connect, and create content with the aim to provide resources for India's emerging creator community. Within the 'Learn' concept, you can grow your channel with monthly workshops on creative strategy, audience development, and productions with new topics rolling out each month, Wright said, while under 'Connect' concept, you can build your network on YouTube and learn about other local creators with the happy hours, screenings and more, and under the 'Create' concept, you can book YouTube Space Mumbai facilities to shoot videos. YouTube audiences and brand engagement Simon Kahn, chief marketing officer, Asia-Pacific, Google, was the second speaker during the afternoon session for marketers. Simon talked about how mobile has transformed consumer behaviour over the years while smartphones are driving this growth towards what users want. "Our focus is on the viewer. We have to allocate budgets in terms of viewer's behaviour as to what engages them, find out where is our most valuable audience, and what drives the greatest results. Sixty-five per cent YouTube watch times comes from mobile as our most valuable audience is online and the YouTube watch time has surged 87 per cent year-on-year," said Kahn. He also mentioned that television (TV) content is being increasingly consumed on YouTube in the last one year as he noted that the lines between TV and YouTube are blurring. He cited Kelloggs and Whisper as examples where the former saw a 20 per cent uplift in sales volume on the back of promoted content through mobile, Gmail, and YouTube. The strategy was to focus on viewer engagement. The same result was noticed in case of Whisper's 'Like A Girl' campaign which registered a strong double digit hike in product awareness as did the automobile company Volvo Trucks where engaging content was promoted through videos on YouTube. In all these cases, YouTube used the 'Entertain. Learn. Inspire' ideology to drive home the point. Kahn next spoke of YouTube creators such as The Viral Fever (TVF) which has created successful and memorable content for brands such as Red Bull and Pepsi. He said that content optimisation across platforms can be done through reach and engagement. YouTube comes loaded with the two features of Extra Reach Lite which would optimise the reach for TV and YouTube, both from a mere 5 per cent to 50 per cent, and Unskippable Labs where a product such as Nescafe - Blend and Brew, made by Nescafe Thailand was shown to audiences in three different formats - Product (15 seconds), TVC (30 seconds), and Story (96 seconds). The long-format 96-second story was found to have done the best for the digital platform. Shifting brand presence: From TV to YouTube Eric Jumbert, vice-president, Colgate-Palmolive, shared how his team worked on extending the Colgate Visible White television campaign to YouTube where the time spent on viewing was more than TV since the target group of young working women were active on online communities, had an interest in music, and searched for YouTube creators. Colgate Visible White was the first Colgate brand to shift its media strategy from TV to digital as the lead medium. As part of the transition, the brand collaborated with actor Sonam Kapoor, its brand ambassador, for Phase 1 of shooting the Shine song while in Phase 2, YouTube creators were brought on board along with beauty bloggers to shoot the same song whose underlying agenda was #SmileToImpress. YouTube: Choice and acceptability Satya Raghavan, head of entertainment content, India, YouTube, said, "YouTube is all about choice to viewers and acceptability to advertisers." He went on to list three factors which bring people to YouTube - intent, viewability and impact. Talking of impact, he noted that those who are hooked to YouTube videos keep watching it despite the ads. YouTube now has more control over the ads, and hence, is accountable to advertisers more than ever. As for viewability, the opportunity for the ads to be seen by the consumer is the simplest definition of the term. 'True View', which was introduced in 2010, went mobile in 2012, introduced Ad Words in 2014, evolved in a better form in 2015, and is now responsible for more accountability and conversions in 2016 as True View ads render 10 times monetisation to engage with the brand along with 7 per cent higher top-of-mind awareness. In terms of impact, bumper ads, which drive incremental reach and True View which drives app downloads are to be credited for an 8 per cent surge in total app downloads attributed to YouTube. He also said that True View for Action, a feature meant for advertisers which will optimise action for brands, will soon be launched. YouTube content creators Next was a session of YouTube content creators which began with Samir Bangara, co-founder and managing director, Qyuki Digital Media. YouTube content creators were equated with a good number of subscribers to having achieved fandom. He listed the example of Jammin' - a musical collaboration featuring Bollywood composers and YouTube stars where the YouTube content was created by Qyuki and presented by Airtel and Signature. Ashish Patil, vice-president, brand partnerships and talent, Y-Films, listed the digital ad films-based content (such as Bang Baaja Baraat, Sex Chat With Pappu and Papa, 6 Pack Band video, and Ladies Room) rolled out by his company. He was of the view that consumers today have turned into funsumers (fun-loving consumers) who belong to an impatient generation and feed on constant connection and the data demon even as they look for purposeful relationships while being self-obsessed youths. Patil mentioned that YouTube content creators need to partner with their consumers as once the content is out on the media platform, it does not belong to the company alone." Programmatic marketing Guy Gibbs, director, Double Click, Asia-Pacific, talked about Programmatic Marketing at Google for India 2016. He talked about how major Indian brands such as Docomo, Nissan, Tredin, and Maruti Suzuki are supporting the concept in India and that it has been used by Indian brands for performance campaigns in 2009, for brand campaigns in 2013, and is currently being used for media planning in 2016. Google marketing Sapna Chadha, country marketing manager, Google India, who closed the afternoon session of Google for India 2016 explained how Google products solve problems every day. She mentioned that technology is at the core of everything at Google and that the company's focus lies is more on the user that on data. Expressing her views on the occasion, Chadha remarked, "Enhancement of product experience (such as using Google to search for movies) is essential as is being in the moment because context is critical and should be kept simple for users." She went on to say that one in 10 Google searches are on Indian cinema which is why the company recently launched the 'Movie answers made easy' campaign even as it sought to democratise creativity. 12SHARES Follow Aditi Srivastava Search Tags Google For India 2016 Simon Kahn Johanna Wright Eric Jumbert Satya Raghavan Samir Bamgara Ashish Patil Guy Gibbs Sapna Chadha YouTube Go Machine Learning Digital Related Articles "India will have 400 million local language users by 2020": Rajan Anandan, VP, India and South-East Asia, Google Digital Top 10 Indian ads on YouTube in July 2016 Digital A look at Google's list of most popular Indian ads on YouTube in 2016 Digital The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in June 2016 Digital A look at Google Photos' documentary-style digital ad film Digital DDB Mudra develops Google Chrome extension Tripstr for Broken Compass Digital Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Microsoft Surface discovers the non-starry side of... Media Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Post backlash, Paytm tones down 'drama'; Does the ... Advertising Mogae Media buys Ao1 personalised video platform Media Publishing Measuring Digital in India: What Do We Need? Digital Water Communications to launch the second leg of G... Advertising Chyawanprash in a Capsule? Marketing The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital "We have a 360 degree presence now": Shilpi Modi, ... Advertising Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "We've already taken the biggest risk there was": ... Media Publishing Why are Tapsee Pannu, Priya Bapat, Neeti Mohan, Su... Digital Can an overweight comedian sell a beauty cream? Advertising What happens to brand recall when the same celebri... Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital Sulekha.com rides the rap route in its first long ... Digital Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising Arnab Goswami moves on from Times Now Media Publishing Netflix India and Anurag Kashyap mock the 'Great I... Digital How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising Meet the New Airtel Girl: Sasha Chettri Advertising Who's Afraid Of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali? Marketing "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital Meet Team Vermillion: The agency behind Baba Ramde... Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue Issue November 1-15 2016 Current Issue Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2016 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish European Commission Has Plans To Force Google To Be More Competitive By Tyler Lee on 10/02/2016 15:14 PST Pretty much every Android phone that you come across will have Google’s services installed on it. For example the default app store belongs to Google. Your default mail client. Your default browser. And let’s not forget your default search. For some users this is actually a great thing, but there are others who view it as a monopolistic act. The European Commission is one of them and in a document that Reuters has managed to take a look at, it reveals their plans on how they plan to force Google to be a more competitive player in the industry. One of those ways is to order Google to stop making payments or providing incentives to phone manufacturers to include Google’s services on their phones. The document also says that Google will not be allowed to punish or threaten companies that refuse to comply with their conditions for using Android. It also reveals that the EC still plans on going ahead with their fine for Google’s anti-competitive practices whose investigation has been ongoing since 2011. While the EC has declined to comment on Reuters’ report, Google has since released a statement of their own which reads, “We look forward to showing the European Commission that we’ve designed the Android model in a way that’s good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region.” Filed in Cellphones >General. Read more about Android, Google and Legal. Related Articles 2016-11-17 Google Clamping Down On Unauthorized Pixel Phone Resellers 2016-11-17 Google Maps Will Now Show Toilet Locations In India 2016-11-16 Google Allo Updated With Themes, Suggested Stickers, And More 2016-11-15 Google Translate Gets A Neural Machine Translation Upgrade 2016-11-15 Google WiFi Now Available For Pre-Order 2016-05-27 Jury Finds Google Doesn’t Owe Oracle For Using Java In Android 2015-10-16 Google Removing Apps From Play Store With “Cardboard” Names 2015-09-25 FTC Reportedly Looking Into Google Over Android 2015-09-14 Google Accused Of Monopolizing Apps In Russia Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
null
null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Stop anti-competitive Android practices, EU tells Google Foo Yun Chee & Brussels |  Oct 03, 2016 12:09 AM IST EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the US technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favouring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. Reuters Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Decoding the big ATM problem: India just doesn't have enough engineers for the job Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance TomTom launches fitness tracker and watch range in India More From International Chinese astronauts return home after longest stay in space Inflation pressure limits BoE response to jobless rise, says Deputy gov Broadbent Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs at VW brand by 2021 to boost profitability Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO [ more ] Top Stories Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Home Ministry issues notification on banning Zakir Naik's NGO: Key takeaways SC rejects Centre's stand on reconsideration of judicial recommendations T N Ninan: Our post-truths [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth Youngsters should pursue more research in maths: Narayana Murthy Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Pellet maker KIOCL to acquire 51% stake in Odisha PSU Idcol [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Over 8,100 wilful defaulters owe Rs 76,685 cr to banks 15 rail projects facing hurdles over forest clearances GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs RBI issues Small Finance Bank license to ESAF East coast economic corridor to cover Odisha [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TILNKI Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Idle Words > Talks > Deep-Fried Data This is the text version of a talk I gave on September 27, 2016, at the Collections as Data event at the Library of Congress. [video] (21 mins) I run a small web archive for about twenty thousand people. Being invited to speak at the Library of Congress is like being a kid who glues paper fins to a cardboard tube and then gets asked to talk to NASA about rocket propulsion. As every speaker has correctly said, it is a signal honor to be here. It also feels strange to be speaking in D.C., at the seat of government. In most of the talks I give, the U.S. government is an adversary. But today I am at a government institution that champions not just freedom, but the fundamental right to privacy, and the dignity that that entails. During the panic that followed September 11, Carla Hayden, then head of the American Library Association, took a principled stand against provisions in the Patriot Act that required librarians to reveal what their patrons were reading. She did it in the face of ridicule from Attorney General Ashcroft and the administration. And of course just a few days ago, she became our new Librarian of Congress. [AUDIENCE GIVES IT UP FOR THE INCOMPARABLE CARLA HAYDEN] It saddens me that those provisions in the Patriot Act, which seemed so threatening and un-American at the time, look almost quaint today. And this time it's not the government, but the commercial Internet that has worked so hard to dismantle privacy. Librarians are bound by their code of ethics to protect patron privacy. But this protection means little when Amazon knows every ebook you've read down to the page, Google has your complete correspondence and web history, and your phone company tracks your movements with a device you willingly carry in your pocket. This information, once collected, becomes part of a permanent, indelible record maintained without accountability or restriction. The commercial Internet is an amazing achievement. But its values are the opposite of a library. Where libraries exist to inform, those of us who run online businesses do our best to extract information from you. Where libraries try to be impartial, we practice constant manipulation. Every link has an ulterior motive. Click this, read that, view this ad, punch this monkey, and above all, share everything with us, no matter how private, forever. However, these un-librarians have made genuine technical breakthroughs in dealing with large data collections. For people just bringing their collections online, this raises the question of how to engage with a world whose values are repugnant, but whose expertise is alluring. MACHINE LEARNING Today I'm here to talk to you about machine learning. I'd rather you hear about it from me than from your friends at school, or out on the street. Machine learning is like a deep-fat fryer. If you’ve never deep-fried something before, you think to yourself: "This is amazing! I bet this would work on anything!” And it kind of does. When I was in college, friends who worked the snack bar conducted extensive research along these lines. They would deep-fry cheese, candy, pens, their name tag. And all of it came out tasting great. In our case, the deep-fryer is a toolbox of statistical techniques. The names keep changing—it used to be unsupervised learning, now it’s called big data or deep learning or AI. Next year it will be called something else. But the core ideas don't change. You train a computer on lots of data, and it learns to recognize structure. These techniques are effective, but the fact that the same generic approach works across a wide range of domains should make you suspicious about how much insight it's adding. And in any deep frying situation, a good question to ask is: what is this stuff being fried in? In the seventies, we had a fellow who brought a high-pressure deep-fryer from Italy and set up a chicken shack in a Polish resort town. He called this undertaking Frico Polo. Since it was under communism, you had to bring your own chicken. Frico Polo could pressure-fry a chicken in three minutes. It was greasy and hot and the best thing you ever tasted. People stood in lines with their chickens for hours. Then one day the health department arrived and shut things down. It turned out the operator had never once changed the cooking oil, which dripped from the machine like roofing tar. That's where all the unique flavor was coming from. So what’s your data being fried in? These algorithms train on large collections that you know nothing about. Sites like Google operate on a scale hundreds of times bigger than anything in the humanities. Any irregularities in that training data end up infused into in the classifier. For this reason I've referred to machine learning as money laundering for bias. It's easy to put anything you want in training data. For example, if you go to Google translate and paste in an Arabic-language article about terrorism or the war in Syria, you get something that reads like it was written by a native speaker of English. If you type in a kid's letter from camp, or an extract from a novel, the English text reads like it was written by the Frankenstein monster. This isn't because Google's algorithm is a gung-ho war machine, but reflects the corpus of data it was trained on. I'm sure other languages would show their own irregularities. Prejudice isn’t always a problem. Some uses of machine learning are inherently benign. In an earlier talk, we heard about identifying poetry in newspapers based on formatting, an excellent use of image recognition. OCR is another area where there are no concerns. Others, though, would be problematic. I’d be very wary of using “sentiment analysis” or anything to do with social networks without careful experimental design. I find it helpful to think of algorithms as a dim-witted but extremely industrious graduate student, whom you don't fully trust. You want a concordance made? An index? You want them to go through ten million photos and find every picture of a horse? Perfect. You want them to draw conclusions on gender based on word use patterns? Or infer social relationships from census data? Now you need some adult supervision in the room. Besides these issues of bias, there's also an opportunity cost in committing to computational tools. What irks me about the love affair with algorithms is that they remove a lot of the potential for surprise and serendipity that you get by working with people. If you go searching for patterns in the data, you'll find patterns in the data. Whoop-de-doo. But anything fresh and distinctive in your digital collections will not make it through the deep frier. We've seen entire fields disappear down the numerical rabbit hole before. Economics came first, sociology and political science are still trying to get out, bioinformatics is down there somewhere and hasn't been heard from in a while. Before you spend a lot of time peeling and julienning your data, consider—is this really the best way to go? Computers eliminate drudgery. But the excitement is the human potential. Today, for the first time, we can make things available to anyone on the planet who has an internet connection. I don't think we've internalized the enormity of that step. Just throwing data online is not sufficient. Some years ago I worked as a program officer at the Mellon Foundation, and one of our big projects was JSTOR. I remember learning that half of the collection had never come up in a search result. Most of the collection had never been viewed, but half of it had never even shown up on a search page. That half may as well not have existed. Part of the issue was extremely restrictive agreements with publishers. But part of it was a failure of imagination. We had digitized every journal article under the sun, but were making no attempt to connect that data to people outside "the academy", narrowly defined. We missed so many opportunities! For example, we completely flubbed Wikipedia. Nobody could imagine a pseudonymous, collaborative effort like that succeeding. It wasn't scholarly! My boss eventually considered printing and publish a hard copy of it; that's as far as we got with Wikipedia at Mellon. Later on I saw librarians fail to engage with vibrant communities at Flickr and Delicious, services they would later grow to love, because of their unstructured approach to tagging. There was a lack of trust and openness to an experiment that would have produced a remarkable collaboration. DATA GARDENING A lot of the language around data is extractive. We talk about data processing, data mining, or crunching data. It’s kind of a rocky ore that we smash with heavy machinery to get the good stuff out. In cultivating communities, I prefer gardening metaphors. You need the right conditions, a propitious climate, fertile soil, and a sprinkling of bullshit. But you also need patience, weeding, and tending. And while you're free to plant seeds, what you wind up with might not be what you expected. If we take seriously the idea that digitizing collections makes them far more accessible, then we have to accept that the kinds of people and activities those collections will attract may seem odd to us. We have to give up some control. This should make perfect sense. Human cultures are diverse. It's normal that there should be different kinds of food, music, dance, and we enjoy these differences. Unless you're a Silicon Valley mathlete, you delight in the fact that there are hundreds of different kinds of cuisine, rather than a single beige beverage that gives you all your nutrition. But online, our horizons narrow. We expect domain experts and programmers to be able to meet everyone's needs, sight unseen. We think it's normal to build a social network for seven billion people. I think of this as the Mormon bartender problem. To understand what people need takes at least a little visceral experience. Let me give you an example from my own work of what it's like to surrender control. I run a very vanilla bookmarking site, where you can save URLs for later. It's a personal search engine for scholars, journalists. I even have a priest who uses it to prepare his weekly sermons. But one the biggest groups of users is writers of fan fiction. Half of you are librarians, but we can pretend that I need to explain to you what fanfic is. This is a vibrant subculture of people who write stories, often highly erotic, set in various fictional universes. If you always though there were sparks between Holmes and Watson, have I got a hobby for you. Fanfic authors adapted the tagging system on my site so that they could use it as a search engine and publication tool. They do a lot of additional work to make it suit their needs. It was like watching bees arrive and set up their hive. All I could do was observe in wonder, and try not to get stung. In return, I got an industrious and extremely positive group of users, and learned a lot about online privacy. The Internet needs to get much weirder. People out there are tired of deep-fried data, too, and want substance. They'll do interesting things. But you have to trust them. In an institutional setting, this can be frightening. It takes courage to ask for a grant to bring a collection online with no measurable outcome other than the hope that it attracts interesting use. It takes even more courage to award that grant. It takes courage for a young faculty member to devote time and energy into projects that someone might use to make cat videos. At most institutions, that is not the royal road to tenure. And it takes courage to commit to maintaining these collections, and staying engaged with the people who use them, for years to come. But the search for intelligent life on the Internet means putting away some preconceptions about who our communities of use are. I thought the fanfic authors on my site were just pursuing a harmless, quirky hobby. What I didn't realize is that online, the frivolous blends with the serious. Fanfic authors tend to be women. Britta Gustafson has called fandom a secret seminar on feminism. Young fans use stories to explore the issue of gender identity (in some cases, they're finding out for the first time that there is such a thing a gender identity). They learn to deconstruct plot elements in a way that would make Russian structuralists blush. They coach each other to improve writing. And they also coach each other in technology. It’s important to realize that serious people can have frivolous hobbies. And in settings where young people share a hobby with high-caliber scholars—maybe some of the very people in this room—ideas can percolate down. My friend Sacha Judd, in an upcoming talk, describes something similar with fans of the boy band One Direction. This band has an obsessive following of young women, and in chronicling the lives of their beloved band members, the reach heights of technical achievement that rival anyone working in professional media.  They are de facto professional archivists, developers, video editors, and journalists. But since “real” technologists don't take their interest seriously, these women don't recognize their own achievements.  They would never dream of applying to the kind of jobs that they already excel at in their role as fans. There is this dark matter of talented, motivated, interested people online. I'm convinced our time is much better spent trying to reach them and engage with them, than to use the same tools. SOCIAL MEDIA DATA So far I’ve talked about bringing collections online, but there’s also the question of how to deal with social data that's born on the Internet. There is an awful lot of it, and it's fascinating. One approach is to go to the people who control the data—the big companies—and partner with them to study it. It’s awkward because the very thing the Librarian of Congress objected to in the Patriot Act—the intrusive surveillance—is the bread and butter of online services. Much of the valuable information is collected in ways that would never pass ethical standards in academia, and ways that even the NSA would be legally prohibited from collecting. But the data is there, and you can hear it calling to you. “Study me” it coos. “Preserve me,” it pleads. since fly-by-night companies obsessed with growth assuredly won’t. “Analyze me.” You can try to cover your qualms with layers of ethical review, like a coat of paint. But you can't hide the ugliness underneath. I worry about legitimizing a culture of universal surveillance. I am very uneasy to see social scientists working with Facebook, for example. People are pragmatic. In the absence of meaningful protection, their approach to privacy becomes “click OK and pray”. Every once in a while a spectacular hack shakes us up. But we have yet to see a coordinated, tragic abuse of personal information. That doesn't mean it won't happen. Remember that we live in a time when a spiritual successor to fascism is on the ascendant in a number of Western democracies. The stakes are high. Large, unregulated collections of behavioral data are a public hazard. People face social pressure to abandon their privacy. Being on LinkedIn has become an expected part of getting a job or an apartment. The border patrol wants to look at your social media. So in working with the online behemoths, realize that the behavioral data they collect is not consensual. There can be no consent to mass surveillance. These business models, and the social norm of collecting everything, are still fragile. By lending your prestige to them, you legitimize them and make them more likely to endure. WEB ARCHIVING Since it's bad ethics to work with the people who hoard it, you can always try to collect data in the wild. A friend who works for a movie effects studios explained to me once how digital effects in CGI movies are preserved. The short answer is, they're not. Modern effects are rendered with Rube Goldberg like toolchains that become obsolete with each film. Studios upgrade the hardware, rewrite their software, and that's it. The bigger places have an in-house archivist to keep the artwork and digital assets around, but there’s no way they could make them into a movie again. Something similar threatens to happen on the web. Forgive me for being technical, but the average web page right now is a giant pile of steaming garbage. Only superhuman effort by browser developers makes it possible for anything work at all. Pages get stitched together at load time through dozens of intermediaries, with live dependencies, and the bulk of rendering done in JavaScript. So what does it mean to archive that? You can save the rendered image in the browser, but what about the dynamic behaviors? Does autocomplete fall within the purview of archiving? Is a dynamic ad an annoyance, or a valuable insight into 2016 life that we should save for posterity? And if so, which ad do we save, and how, when it’s pulled in at view time through a dozen different ad auctions and hypertargeted for the viewer? Do we need to ultimately build an entire simulator for what it’s like to use computers in 2016, and if so, will future generations forgive us? Game developers have wrestled with this problem already, and have things to teach us. The early video games were hardware creatures, and even emulating them decades later is challenging. The only reason we can do it is because there's a community of people who loves playing the old games enough to put in the work. One problem that an institution like the Library of Congress faces is that it can’t just roll up its sleeves willy-nilly and try some approach, because its practice will become normative. But we can’t just ignore the web, either. So another reason I pin my hopes on communities, rather than tools, is that they can help with the inevitable tasks of interpretation. A lot of this stuff can’t be strictly preserved, it has to move across formats, and to prevent the essential being lost requires that the people immersed in the world participate in saving it. LiveJournal, for example, was a blog site where users could have an avatar image, a thumbnail of which would appear next to each comment. You could choose from a set of avatar images when you posted your comment. At some point, the site changed the way these worked, so you were restricted to some small number of images. What LiveJournal didn't realize was that people were using these images as visual commentary. The image was a gloss on the comment, and modified its meaning. People got very good at this form of subtext. By capping the number of images, and making the change retroactive, LiveJournal destroyed a huge amount of information it didn't know existed. This kind of mistake is obvious enough if you look at one service, but the challenge is that online communities can span multiple services, over many years. We have to learn how to send out ambassadors to online communities, like they do with uncontacted civilizations in the Andaman islands. You go out, they throw a few spears at your helicopter, but eventually you get to be on speaking terms and can learn from one another. The task is pressing, because we’ve lost so much from the web already. Not only does something like 5% of URLs disappear every year, but things go up in big conflagrations when a company goes under, or makes a terrible decision. I’ve saluted the efforts of Archive Team and the Internet Archive, but their activity is like having a museum curator that rides around in a fire truck, looking for burning buildings to pull antiques from. It's heroic, it's admirable, but it’s no way to run a culture. WHAT TO DO Focusing on communities means relinquishing control. Like I said, it's scary. But there are some other steps, too. Most important is to make materials available in open formats, without restrictions, and with a serious commitment at permanence. These all require institutional courage, too. What if somebody grabs all this data, and does something with it that’s not scholarly? Well, that’s what you want! A sign of life! Publish your texts as text. Let the images be images. Put them behind URLs and then commit to keeping them there. A URL should be a promise. It’s not enough to get a caste of coders work with this data, and make their finished work available. By all means, do that, but don’t pretend you are the sole arbiter of what your data is for. You aren't! I will say a nice thing about programmers. You don't have to force us at gunpoint, or with huge financial bribes, to work with interesting data. Many of us work jobs that are intellectually stimulating, but ultimately leave nothing behind. There is a large population of technical people who would enjoy contributing to something lasting. And we have a strong culture of collaboration that we can put to good use around projects. This is an area where the Copyright Office can do a great deal of good, too, by aggressively advocating for fair use, and defending the framers’ intent in creating copyright. WISTFUL CONCLUSION Like a lot of nerdy kids of my generation, I spent half adolescence at the library, or at home reading library books. Along with schoolbooks and crappy 90's TV, the Glenview Public Library was my window on the world. I never reflected on why this unremarkable suburban library existed, who funded it, where its values had come from, or how long it would be around. It was as immutable a part of the world to me as Lake Michigan. But it taught me that like everyone else, I had a right to learn and was welcome. That I could ask questions, and learn how to find my way to the answers. It taught me the importance of being quiet in public places. For the generation growing up now, the Internet is their window on the world. They take it for granted. It’s only us, who have seen it take shape, and are aware of all the ways it could have been different, who understand that it's fragile, contingent. The coming years will decide to what extent the Internet be a medium for consumption, to what extent it will lift people up, and to what extent it will become a tool of social control. The way things are right now, the Internet is a shopping mall. There are two big anchor stores, Facebook and Google, at either end. There’s an Apple store in the middle, along with a Sharper Image where they are trying to sell us the Internet of Things. A couple of punk kids hang out in the food court, but they don't really make trouble. This mall is well-policed and has security cameras everywhere. And you guys are the bookmobile in the parking lot, put there to try to make it classy. My dream for the web is for it to feel like big city. A place where you rub elbows with people who are not like you. Somewhere a little bit scary, a little chaotic, full of everything you can imagine and a lot of things that you can't. A place where there’s room for chain stores, room for entertainment conglomerates, but also room for people to be themselves, to create their own spaces, and to learn from one another. And of course, room for big, beautiful, huge, tremendous libraries. [THE AUDIENCE STARES IN RAPT WONDER AS THREE SPEAKERS ASSEMBLE TO FORM A PANEL]
null
null
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Huge Pixel and Pixel XL leak gives us a good look at the Made by Google phones Chris Hall and Max Langridge3 October 2016Phones Bell Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is expected to unveil its new handsets on Tuesday 4 October and it looks like we have all the information about them thanks to launch-day images from Canadian carrier Bell and full specifications thanks to Carphone Warehouse. Rumours have long suggested that Google will be calling these phones the Pixel and Pixel XL and that's conveniently confirmed, with the Bell website offering the Pixel and Pixel XL phones for pre-order. Carphone Warehouse's extraordinary leak has dedicated pages for the Pixel and Pixel XL phones, offering some more pictures and specs. The launch-day images were shared via Steve Hemmerstoffer on Twitter, but also appeared at a similar time on Reddit, and treated to very clear images of the two Made by Google phones. The design matches a number of leaks we've seen previously, most noticeably from VentureBeat, which displayed phones of the same design. Bell Thought to be manufactured by HTC, the white Pixel reminds us a lot of the HTC One A9 and if the quality of build is the same then we'd be totally happy. The Pixel is expected to be a 5-inch device, while the Pixel XL is thought to be 5.5 inches. Made by Google: What to expect at Google's 4 October Pixel event Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know about the next Nexus Pixel Launcher: Leak shows the fresh Android face of the Pixel and Pixel XL From the images alone we can't draw too many additional conclusions, but what we can see Pixel Launcher that recently leaked, with a new apps tray that opens with a slide up and refreshed home button. You'll also notice the round icons. While Chrome has always been round, it looks like Google might be pushing round icons on us. Carphone Warehouse meanwhile seemingly confirms the specs of both phones, showing a 5.5-inch 2560 x 1440 AMOLED screen with Gorilla Glass 4 for the Pixel XL and a 5-in 1920 x 1080 AMOLED display for the smaller Pixel. Other features that are the same across both leaks are 12-megapixel rear cameras with f/2.0 aperture and 8MP front-facing cameras.  Both phones should also receive fingerprint sensors, Snapdragon 821 processors, 4GB of RAM and either 32GB or 128GB of onboard storage. The Carphone Warehouse pages do mention a microSD card slot, but it's been pointed out on Android Central's forums that this isn't true. That, along with a typo: "Knock Knoc feature", means we can't take all the information leaked as gospel for now.  One thing we do learn from both leaks is that Google could be pushing for wider availability of the Pixel phones compared to the previously limited availability of the Nexus. That suggests that Google is taking its smartphone business an awful lot more seriously now. We'll know everything on 4 October and we'll bring you all the confirmed details in a few days. Sections Google Phones Via: twitter.com Via: twitter.com Source: bell.ca Source: bell.ca Source: reddit.com Via: Android Central Siri could one day be a more effective assistant when iMessaging OnePlus 4: What's the story so far? Even more iPhone 8 evidence hints it'll be 'all glass' with OLED screen Google launches Google Earth and Trends-themed Live cases for Pixel Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint OnePlus 4: What's the story so far? Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Even more iPhone 8 evidence hints it'll be 'all glass' with OLED screen Siri could one day be a more effective assistant when iMessaging Google launches Google Earth and Trends-themed Live cases for Pixel AT&T customers can now send texts through Amazon Echo's Alexa Qualcomm Quick Charge 4 coming 2017: 5-minutes charge for 5-hours battery Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? OnePlus 4: What's the story so far? Virgin Media TiVo 2: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know about the 4K V6 box How to watch Amazon Video on your Android phone or tablet Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore When is The Grand Tour on TV and how can I watch it? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Black Friday UK smartwatch deals: The best smartwatch deals online OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Canadian Carrier Mistakenly Lists White Google Pixel and Black Pixel XL GO Images with the two phones were revealed by Bell Canada Oct 2, 2016 20:24 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  In just two days, Google will host an important event to introduce two of its upcoming smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL. Specs of the two devices have been leaking for some time now and even 3D renders have made their way on the Internet. But Bell Canada took it a little bit further and revealed images of a white Pixel smartphone and the black color variant of Pixel XL. As the images show, the two smartphones will have a similar design, with Pixel XL carrying a larger display - of 5.5 inches - when compared to Pixel, which has a screen size of 5 inches. The listing only reveals the front side of the smartphones, but it's enough to see what you can expect from Google's new handsets. Interestingly, the page showing the white Pixel seems to have been designed for orders for the Samsung Note 7, which means that Bell's website is quite buggy at this point. Google Pixel and Pixel XL will run Android 7.1 Nougat out of the box The accidental listing of Google's phones was pointed out by Steve Hemmerstoffer on Twitter. The pages don't reveal any specs for the upcoming phones and they have the same text, urging customers to order the Pixel or Pixel XL today. There's also a form for ordering the smartphones and a big error message on the page, suggesting that there has been some issue with the website and orders can't actually be processed at this time. Nevertheless, the leaked images confirm that Pixel and Pixel XL will run Android 7.1 Nougat out of the box, and they also reveal the Pixel Launcher on the home screen. Google will announce the two smartphones on October 4 and we expect them to be available for orders immediately in the US and Canada. Rumors say that prices for the two phones could start at $649, but that remains to be seen. Google has been heavily promoting the upcoming event with statues, billboards, and even a promotional video.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Google#Pixel#Pixel XL#Android 7.1 Nougat#Orders subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Bell Canada lists Pixel and Pixel XL (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google's Upcoming Pixel and Pixel XL Leak in New Renders Google Pixel XL Measurements and 3D Renders Leaked New Leaked Image of Google Pixel XL Shows Similar Design to Pixel Google Pixel Leaks in New Image Showing Off the Pixel Launcher Microsoft Replaces Command Prompt with PowerShell in Latest Windows 10 Build Microsoft Can’t Kill Linux Right Now, The Linux Foundation Director Says iPhone 6 and 6 Plus “Touch Disease” Repairs Cost $149, Apple Says German Police Considering Move to Windows Phones to Fight Traffic Jams Hacker Breaks into Italian Government Website, 45,000 Users Exposed Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Leaks in Press Render NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Hotfix Driver - Version 375.95 Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk 2 photos    Google Pixel white color variant New Android APKs Google Spotlight Stories APK: Updated November 18th, 13:53 GMT YouTube Kids APK: Updated November 18th, 13:49 GMT WB Movies All Access APK: Updated November 18th, 13:29 GMT WWE SuperCard APK: Updated November 18th, 13:21 GMT The Guardian APK: Updated November 18th, 12:57 GMT Apple Music APK: Updated November 18th, 12:48 GMT Picturesque Lock Screen APK: Updated November 18th, 12:37 GMT Reader comments Samsung Galaxy S7 Explodes in Man's Hands, Causes Him Second-Degree Burns more on: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Snapchat Prepares for an IPO What you need to know Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More Get great deals this season My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search EU Likely To Fine Google On Anti-competitive Android Practices: Reuters October 02, 2016, 05:20:00 AM EDT By RTT News Shutterstock photo (RTTNews.com) - European Commission antitrust regulators are likely to fine Google as they plan to stop the search engine from anti-competitive Android practices, Reuters reported Saturday, citing an EU document. The company was accused of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. It was reported that Google could face a large fine because of these ongoing practices that started from January 2011. As per the report, the regulators want to stop Google from paying financial incentives to device manufacturers to pre-install Google Search as the only search application on Android devices. The document of more than 150 pages reportedly was sent to complainants last week for feedback, while Google received a copy in April. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com http://www.rttnews.com This article appears in: News Headlines Referenced Symbols: GOOG , GOOGL More from RTT News Subscribe FCC Adopts 'Opt In' Privacy Norms: ISPs to Bear the Brunt? Verizon Rubbishes Reports of Discount Claim for Yahoo Deal Verizon (VZ) Claims a Billion Dollar Discount on Yahoo Deal Related stocks Articles Subscribe The Morning Hype: VW Job Cuts, Biodegradable Sneakers, and Deep Space 11/18/2016 08:43 AM Forget the 4% Retirement Rule: Here's a Better Way to Approach Your Savings 11/18/2016 08:40 AM Fitbit and Garmin Leave Investors Unimpressed With Their Latest Reports 11/18/2016 08:37 AM See headlines for GOOG Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman Chief Executive Officer Russia Looks to Have Gained Two Allies Pimco Returns to Net Inflows, Boosting Allianz Shares -- 2nd Update As Cybercrime Rises, So Does Spending On Cyber Security EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting Nasdaq Halts DryShips Inc. View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced GOOG 90% Rate It GOOGL 88% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Pixel leaks again, this time in white Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 2, 2016 81 shares 61 20 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               UPDATE: The Google Pixel XL has a page on Bell's website, too, that shows both the phone's name and its face. Images of both are at the bottom of this post.   Google is expected to officially introduce its new Pixel phones on Tuesday, but one carrier has accidentally confirmed the device early. Canadian carrier Bell has a page on its site for Galaxy Note 7 pre-orders, but rather than showing Samsung’s flagship, the page has an image of a white Google Pixel. There’s also confirmation of the device’s name; “Introducing Pixel, Phone by Google,” the page reads. The device itself looks similar to the one that leaked out last week, save for the fact that this one is white. The page doesn’t contain any of the Pixel’s spec details. Google is holding an event on October 4, and it’s expected that we’ll get to officially meet the Pixel and Pixel XL there. Also expected to be announced on Tuesday is a 4K-capable Chromecast, a Google Wifi router, a Daydream VR viewer, and the price of Google Home. Via:  @stagueve Source:  Bell Android Rumors and Leaks Google Previous ArticleHTC 10: One of 2016's most forgettable flagships Next ArticleHTC 10 will be discounted by $150 starting October 1 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts HTC 10: One of 2016's most forgettable flagships Messenger Lite is a 'slimmed down' version of Facebook's chat app Facebook Marketplace launching inside main FB app to help you sell your stuff Xiaomi Mi Box officially launching in the US today for $69 View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 2 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 6 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 22 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Google: the internet giant with designs on a high street revival Google runs Digital Garages across the country Credit: Google Rhiannon Bury 2 October 2016 • 8:15pm The humble British high street has, for a long time, suffered something of an image problem. Despite high-profile government campaigns to revitalise failing town centres across the country, the proportion of empty shops on Britain’s high streets is now above 10pc, according to the British Retail Consortium (BRC). In some areas, such as Yorkshire and the North of England, high street shop vacancy rates average 15.8pc. A number of things have been blamed for this over the years: the rapid rise of internet shopping, consumers who prefer large supermarkets and the cost of parking in town centres among them. But a shift in shopping patterns seen over the last few years could be about to change all that. Evidence suggests that there has been a steady return to shopping more locally and buying necessities from smaller retailers rather than relying on huge supermarkets or department stores. Meanwhile, people are becoming intolerant of waiting for goods. Internet search giant Google is keen to get in on the action. Its theory is that consumers are increasingly keen to check out retailers before they buy from them – and that by including local retailers in the mix when people search for products online, people will shop in local shops. “It’s hard to imagine a time when we weren’t looking for a review when you book a table in a restaurant or buy something online,” says Jamie Murray Wells, Google’s head of retail. “We believe retailers have a huge opportunity online. The web can be a front door for local shops as well as the big retailers.” Credit: Chris Radburn “Near me” searches have doubled in the last year, he says, as customers realise that buying something in their local town or shopping centre is faster than buying it online. Where Google searches used to name conglomerates if users searched for, for example, a toothbrush, now it might flag their local chemist, Murray Wells explains, as retailers become more tech savvy. Murray Wells is speaking at a conference for retail landlords, explaining how improving their digital offering can drive people to their shops. Far from being the cause of the high street’s demise, he says, the internet could revive it. Two weeks ago, Google opened a new training centre in Glasgow offering free advice, aimed particularly at small businesses and people looking to change careers. The pop-up, housed in a city centre library, is billed as a “digital garage” and follows similar centres in cities including Leeds, Birmingham and Newcastle. Google aims to train 250,000 people by the end of 2016. The aim is simple: train small businesses to better use search terms and keywords, driving people to their businesses as customers search for products on Google. Adwords, a Google tool through which retailers can boost traffic, costs as little as a few pounds, Murray Wells says. “For me the most interesting part is about how the local high street is the beating heart of the local economy, and how the web can help local businesses and drive traffic into the town centre,” he says. “Google is fully behind the high street,” he adds, “but there’s a bit of a gap in digital skills. It’s as simple as the retailer having a presence online, so we know where the shop is and the phone number.” The Digital Garages are aimed at training individuals in online skills Credit: Google But small businesses will still struggle if landlords are unwilling to rent shops to them. Mark Bourgeois, executive director of shopping centre owner Capital & Regional, and the president of Revo, the industry body representing retail landlords, says the industry is doing more to help independent firms. “We’re looking to nurture small independent businesses and if you’ve got a property owner who’s able to steer people towards Google to get these digital skills then it makes the whole place more digitally friendly.” He explains that shopping centres, many of which are integral to town centres, will look very different in five years’ time. “They’re constantly evolving to include more than just shops,” he explains. “These are community spaces.” He adds that retailers and landlords in town centres are still faced with issues such as parking, but that as technology evolves there may be more scope to allow drive-through pick-ups for people’s shopping, for example. “I think we’ll see an increasing personalisation in the messages people are getting,” he says. “It’s about understanding what shoppers want.” Murray Wells agrees, and says that Google estimates that for every one person who buys something through mobile sites, four people visit physical shops. Of course, Google’s interest in small businesses isn’t entirely altruistic: after all, there’s no telling which of these retailers might be the next big thing. But making sure that the butchers, bakers and anyone else on the high street is as visible online as the big guns could be the boost the UK’s town centres need. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Retail and Consumer industry Commercial property Google Show more Business latest 18 Nov 2016, 1:57pm Live Euro suffers longest losing streak on record, as Goldman Sachs predicts pound will sink to $1.14 by end-2017 18 Nov 2016, 1:50pm Comment: The last thing UK insurers need is more strangulating regulation Juliet Samuel Premium 01:21 18 Nov 2016, 1:02pm When is Black Friday 2016 and what are the best deals? 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:12am FCA plans fees shake-up for asset management industry 18 Nov 2016, 9:59am Fullers toasts craft beer boom as pint sales fall 18 Nov 2016, 9:58am Autumn Statement 2016: predictions and rumours 18 Nov 2016, 9:31am Volkswagen to slash 30,000 jobs worldwide following emissions scandal  18 Nov 2016, 8:27am Questor: Buy-to-let isn't dead, so invest in this niche lender Premium 18 Nov 2016, 4:06am Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico 18 Nov 2016, 12:01am Phase out UK carbon tax to avoid importing dirty power from Europe, says think-tank 17 Nov 2016, 10:27pm Majestic Wine pins its hopes on seasonal surge in sales and profits 17 Nov 2016, 9:06pm Comment: Shop till you drop: Brexit Britain can't stop spending Allister Heath Premium 17 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Big Six energy giants 'don't need to raise prices this winter' 17 Nov 2016, 7:55pm JP Morgan fined $264m for breaching bribery laws by hiring Chinese 'princelings' 17 Nov 2016, 7:25pm Yellen steams ahead on Fed rate rise but concerns mount on dollar shock  17 Nov 2016, 7:01pm Pound drops back below $1.25 despite bumper UK retail sales, as Fed's Yellen warns against delaying hikes too long 17 Nov 2016, 6:32pm Comment: Wisdom is knowing you cannot predict the future: just ask the Office for Budget Responsibility's Robert Chote Jeremy Warner Premium 17 Nov 2016, 6:26pm Libor trader Tom Hayes writes to fraud squad over fresh Bank of England claims 17 Nov 2016, 5:51pm Staples stores to vanish from UK high street 17 Nov 2016, 5:37pm Focus on value retail pushes NewRiver Retail's income up 19pc If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Press Esc to close Friday 18 November 2016 News updated at 7:32 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 29.7°C Min : 20.2°C In Bengaluru Partially cloudy  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Politicians frustrating collegium's decisions:Jethmalani to SC      Karnataka HC orders winding up of Kingfisher Airlines Limited      Dying British girl wins historic legal battle to preserve body      Pak spent USD 118 bln on 'war on terror': central bank      SC refuses to bar HCs from hearing pleas on demonetisation      Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps      If you can run marathon in Delhi, you can run anywhere: HC on pollution      Jayawardene replaces Ponting as Mumbai Indians head coach      Sheila Dikshit's son-in-law denied bail      Disclosure of big defaulters' names will not lead anywhere: SC      PM shying away from Parliament to avoid facing truth: Cong      IT department notice to famous Chottanikkara Bhagavathy temple      Over 8,100 wilful defaulters owe Rs 76,685 cr to banks      Sindhu reach semifinals of China Open      Navy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian sub from entering waters      Bank a/c misuse for black money deposit to invite govt action      Karnataka: Slew of allowances to police; orderly system scrapped      Allow circulation of Rs 500 notes along with new ones: Mamata      Abhishek Bachchan supports PM Modi's demonetisation move      Priyanka bags People's Choice Awards nomination for 2nd time      Man dissolves in acidic water after he falls into a hot spring      Jayalalithaa's mental functions 'absolutely normal': Apollo      Priyanka to play 'major role' in UP Assembly polls: Cong      Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in huge post-Dieselgate revamp      Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in huge post-Dieselgate revamp      Haley meets Trump amidst speculation about his Cabinet picks      'India's total solar capacity crosses 10 GW-mark'      Nations seek highest political pledge to fight climate change      Du Plessis charged with ball-tampering by ICC      Foie gras, saxophone head to space with astronauts      Bollywood A-listers, star kids party with Chris Martin      Long queues outside banks a 'serious issue', says SC      Iraqi forces advance into Mosul under fire, 1 soldier killed      Congress does not want Parliament to function: Naidu      Trump offers influential NSA post to his trusted military aide      SC to hear next week Swamy's plea on Ayodhya dispute      Ker CM, ministers on dharna; say demonetisation destroying cooperative sector      SC refuses to accept rejection of Collegium recommendations      UN should do more to send right message to terror groups: India      Mercury at sub-zero levels in Kashmir, Kargil is coldest      Cong-BJP clash in RS over Azad's expunged remarks      Kashmir dispute 'hinders' China-Pak corridor: Chinese media      Indian spinners turn on the heat on England      No respite from queues, chaos; ATMs grapple with cash shortage      Parliament stalled for 2nd day over demonetisation      Strong line of defence needed against Trump presidency: Jayapal      Don't use indelible ink in banks: EC to Finance Ministry      Australia: Twenty hurt after man sets fire to bank      Indian-American couple charged with human trafficking      Chief minister against declaring govt holidays for jayantis      Allow DCC banks to accept deposits, CM urges Centre      No space in post offices to store scrapped notes      Dharambir slapped with eight-year suspension      Select petrol pumps to dispense cash up to Rs 2000      India ranks 20th in Climate Change Performance Index      'Indians underestimate public Wi-Fi risks'      Gates meets Prasad; discusses e-payments      Australia cuts stay of '457 visa' holders, to impact Indians      Unnecessary panic spread on demonetisation; no roll back: FM      Jaya breathing without respiratory support; may be discharged any day: AIADMK      US pilot scolds passengers after fight over Trump's win      6 G-20 nations 'failed' to take action in line with Paris deal      Humans will not survive another 1,000 years on Earth: Hawking      SC restrains Kerala vigilante groups from killing stray dogs      Subhash Chandra files criminal defamation case against Kejriwal      Cockroach in meal onboard: AI warns, fines caterer      Modi's demonetisation could end up as 'joke': Chinese media      Foreign tourists bear the brunt of demonetisation      Bulandshahr gang rape case:SC asks Azam Khan to tender apology      Modi's cash crackdown hits Indian rivals' election campaign coffers      Demonetisation paralyses Parliament; Clash in RS over Azad remarks      Mandatory to quote PAN for Rs 2.5 lakh deposits: CBDT      India issues demarche to Pak over ceasefire violations      Kohli sparkles with 151*, Pujara ton takes India to 317/4      Cash flood: ICICI, HDFC Bank cut FD rates by 0.25%      2 near miss incidents involving GoAir, SpiceJet flights at Goa      Kashmiris suffering due to Indo-Pak tensions: Erdogan      Govt rejects demand for PM's reply on demonetisation debate      Roll back demonetisation decision in 3 days: Kejriwal, Mamata      Clinton: wanted to 'curl up' and 'never leave the house again'      Don't hoard currency, sufficient notes in supply: RBI      China doubles down on internet control ahead of conference      Parliamentarians for early passage of Motor Vehicle Bill      Australia cuts stay of '457 visa' holders, Indians to be impacted      Oppn seeks demonetisation debate in LS under voting rule      Centre moves SC to stay proceedings against demonetisation      Cash limits eased for farmers, marriages; halved for exchange     You are here: Home » Supplements » Cyber Space » Google places a high-stakes bet Google places a high-stakes bet Farhad Manjoo, October 03, 2016, International New York Times Google is one of the most valuable companies in the world, but its future, like that of all tech giants, is clouded by a looming threat. The search company makes virtually all of its money from ads placed on the World Wide Web. But what happens to the cash machine if web search eventually becomes outmoded? That worry isn’t far-fetched. More of the world’s computing time keeps shifting to smartphones, where apps have supplanted the web. And internet-connected devices that may dominate the next era in tech — smartwatches, home-assistant devices like Amazon’s Echo, or virtual reality machines like Oculus Rift — are likely to be free of the web, and may even lack screens. But if Google is worried, it isn’t showing it. The company has long been working on a not-so-secret weapon to avert its potential irrelevance. Google has shovelled vast financial and engineering resources into a collection of data mining and artificial intelligence systems, from speech recognition to machine translation to computer vision. Now Google is melding these advances into a new product, a technology whose ultimate aim is something like the talking computer on “Star Trek.” It is a high-stakes bet: If this new tech fails, it could signal the beginning of the end of Google’s reign over our lives. But if it succeeds, Google could achieve a centrality in human experience unrivaled by any tech product so far. The company calls its version of this all-powerful machine the Google Assistant. Today, it resembles other digital helpers you’ve likely used — things like Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa and Microsoft’s Cortana. It currently lives in Google’s new messaging app, Allo, and will also be featured in a few new gadgets the company plans to unveil next week, including a new smartphone and an Amazon Echo-like talking computer called Google Home. But Google has much grander aims for the Assistant. People at the company say that Sundar Pichai, who took over as Google’s chief executive last year after Google was split into a conglomerate called Alphabet, has bet the company on the new tech. Pichai declined an interview request for this column, but at Google’s developer conference in May, he called the development of the Assistant “a seminal moment” for the company. If the Assistant or something like it does not take off, Google’s status as the chief navigator of our digital lives could be superseded by a half-dozen other assistants. You might interact with Alexa in your house, with Siri on your phone, and with Facebook Messenger’s chatbot when you’re out and about. Google’s search engine (not to mention its Android operating system, Chrome, Gmail, Maps and other properties) would remain popular and lucrative, but possibly far less so than they are today. That’s the threat. But the Assistant also presents Google with a delicious opportunity. The “Star Trek” computer is no metaphor. The company believes that machine learning has advanced to the point that it is now possible to build a predictive, all-knowing, super helpful and conversational assistant of the sort that Capt Kirk relied on to navigate the stars. The Assistant, in Google’s most far-out vision, would always be around, wherever you are, on whatever device you use, to handle just about any informational task. Consider this common situation: Today, to book a trip, you usually have to load up several travel sites, consult your calendar and coordinate with your family and your colleagues. If the Assistant works as well as Google hopes, all you might have to do is say, “OK, Google, I need to go to Hong Kong next week. Take care of it.” Based on your interactions with it over the years, Google would know your habits, your preferences and your budget. It would know your friends, family and your colleagues. With access to so much data, and with the computational power to interpret all of it, the Assistant most likely could handle the entire task; if it couldn’t, it would simply ask you to fill in the gaps, the way a human assistant might. Computers have made a lot of everyday tasks far easier to accomplish, yet they still require a sometimes annoying level of human involvement to get the most out of them. The Assistant’s long-term aim is to eliminate all this busywork. If it succeeds, it would be the ultimate expression of what Larry Page, Google’s co-founder, once described as the perfect search engine: a machine that “understands exactly what you mean and gives you back exactly what you want.” At this point, a few readers may be recoiling at the potential invasion of autonomy and privacy that such a machine would necessitate. The Assistant would involve giving ourselves over to machines more fully. We would trust them not just with our information but increasingly with our decisions. Many people are already freaked out by what Google, Facebook and other tech companies know about us. Would we be willing to hand over even more power to computers? Those are important questions, but they are also well down the road. For now, the more pressing question for the Assistant is: Will it even work? Google has technological advantages that suggest it could build a more capable digital assistant than others have accomplished. Many of the innovations that it has built into its search engine — including its knowledge graph database of more than 1 billion people, places and things, and the 17 years it has spent trying to understand the meaning of web queries — will form the Assistant’s brain. Google has also been one of the leaders in machine learning, the process that allows computers to discover facts about the world without being explicitly programmed. Machine learning is at the heart of a number of recent advances, including Google Photos’ uncanny capacity to search through your images for arbitrary terms (photos of people hugging, for instance). “We are in the process of transforming into a machine-learning company,” Jeff Dean, who is in charge of Google Brain, the company’s artificial intelligence project, told me this year. For each problem Google solves this way, it gets better at solving other problems. “It’s a boulder going downhill gathering more momentum as it goes,” Dean said. If you use the Assistant today, you’ll see some of these advances. As my New York Times colleague Brian X Chen explained recently, if your friend sends you a picture of his dog on Allo, Google Assistant will not only recognize that it’s a dog, but it will also tell you the breed. That’s an amazing technological feat. But as Chen pointed out, it’s also pretty useless. Why does your friend care if you know his dog’s a Shih Tzu? This gets to a deeper difficulty. The search company might have the technical capacity to create the smartest assistant around, but it’s not at all clear that it has the prowess to create the friendliest, most charming or most useful assistant. Google needs to nail not just Assistant’s smarts, but also its personality — a new skill for Google, and one that its past forays into social software (Google Plus, anyone?) don’t speak highly of. Then there is the mismatch between Google’s ambitions and Assistant’s current reality. Danny Sullivan, the founding editor of Search Engine Land, an industry news site, told me that so far, he hadn’t noticed the Assistant helping him in any major way. “When I was trying to book a movie, it didn’t really narrow things down for me,” he said. “And there were some times it was wrong. I asked it to show me my upcoming trip, and it didn’t get that.” Of course, it’s still early. Sullivan has high hopes for the Assistant. It would be premature to look at the technology today and get discouraged about its future, especially since Google sees this as a multiyear, perhaps even decade-long project. And especially if Google’s future depends on getting this right. Go to Top Tweet Videos Fridge of kindness in Bengaluru Demonetisation hits farmers hard, say 'no money... Exchange limit reduced to Rs. 2000 from... Nearing 1,100lbs, morbidly obese Mexican dreams of... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Will carry on fight against black money: PM Modi Demonetisation: Shiv Sena to join Mamata in Parliament Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation Mamata, Kejriwal attack Modi over demonetisation Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Demonetisation a scam, select few informed earlier: Kejriwal Demonetisation: PM takes on Opposition, says the poor are with him Mallika Sherawat 'attacked with tear gas and beaten' in Paris The matchmakers No respite from queues, chaos; ATMs grapple with cash shortage Reminiscing the school days Foreign tourists bear the brunt of demonetisation Zakir's IRF banned for extolling terrorists like Osama, says govt 'Battery cars better than fuel cell vehicles to cut emissions' Govt tightens notes exchange norms, lowers limit to Rs 2,000 Roll back demonetisation decision in 3 days: Kejriwal, Mamata When Twinkle asked Johar full form of MNS leaving him stumped Mallika Sherawat 'attacked with tear gas and beaten' in Paris Traders in city's business hubs face heavy losses Modi's demonetisation could end up as 'joke': Chinese media Humans will not survive another 1,000 years on Earth: Hawking Photo Gallery Tennis star Sania Mirza at her sister Anam Mirza's Sangeet ceremony in Hyderabad... Skill Development Minister Rajiv Pratap Rudy at Skill India Pavilion at IITF in New Delhi... A one horn rhino and its baby graze inside the Kaziranga National Park in Nagaon... CEO & Director of Eicher Polaris Pvt Ltd & Polaris India Pankaj Dubey unveiling the all-new... Indian and Chinese soldiers during their joint training exercise Hand -in- Hand 2016 in Pune... School students hang by the back of an overcrowded bus near Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi.. A train moves amid heavy smog on the Srinagar -Budgam railway track after it resumes trail run... The aerobatic team of Royal Air Force(UK), Red Arrows, paint the sky with blue, red and white... People Standing on the gate of Sate Bank of India to deposit Rs 1000 and Rs 500 currency... A farmer plucks marigold flowers from a field in Manchar village in the western state... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Atheist Channel Blogs More Channels Public Square Politics Blue Politics Red Book Club Religion Library Home Atheist Channel Friendly Atheist Friendly Atheist Read more at FriendlyAtheist.com Get Patheos Atheist Newsletters Follow Patheos Atheist: Home Ask Richard Podcasts Speaking Contributors Media Contact/Submissions Books « Who Needs Pastors When Therapists Are Available? Leaked Videos Show Mormon Leaders Getting Possibly Classified Information from a U.S. Senator » As a Girl, She Didn’t Experience the Paranormal; The Same Reasoning Helped Her Leave Christianity October 2, 2016 by Hemant Mehta Leave a Comment For all the progress feminists have made worldwide over the past century, and despite the religious criticism we’ve heard more recently, women are still uniquely affected by bad beliefs. They’re told to be subservient, or to cover their entire bodies, or that they can’t receive a formal education, etc. Dr. Karen Garst has now published a book compiling the stories of 22 women who shed their faith and want to tell you how it happened. It’s called Women Beyond Belief: Discovering Life Without Religion (Pitchstone Publishing, 2016). In the excerpt below, Jackie Burgett, a former Christian, revisits her childhood and her hopes of experiencing something — anything — paranormal. She didn’t. And that realization eventually helped her come to her senses about religion, too. Mysteries of the Unknown I stood in front of my bookshelf, confused about where to look next. “There’s got to be some answers here somewhere,” I mumbled to myself. I grabbed a slim, faux-leather book from a series called Mysteries of the Unknown, hoping to land upon some wisdom from the Time-Life series. The book that preoccupied my thoughts and held my hopes for truth was called Hauntings. Since the age of twelve or so, my raison d’être was to have a paranormal experience. I mostly focused on ghosts and spirits and the great poltergeist that I read about in the Time-Life series. It didn’t end there, though. Magic of all kinds was part of this territory. I was going to find out what was real if it was the last thing I did. But where to start? What should I read when so many books said so many contradictory things? It became easier to believe in it all: hauntings, past lives, near-death experiences, and God (but not one particular religion). I lived in a world awash with information, and in 2002 I had no idea how much that would grow. Although I used the Internet, Google hadn’t penetrated our pockets yet and was not the answer machine it has become today. Google would give you millions of answers to your one question. And I thought the contradictions on my bookshelf were bad: they were nothing compared to Google. The constitution of true knowledge became something I was interested in long before I set foot in a university where ideas where discussed and refined. But for now, as I looked at the cover with a translucent figure pressing a hand to a window in a melancholy fashion, I didn’t know how to eliminate any notions from my ever-growing list of beliefs. At this moment in my room, alone with books of the paranormal, I recalled one of the many times I had wrangled my friends into attempting to contact the dead. Before my thirteenth birthday, I got all my friends together for an overnight sleepover. My parents had a big green-and-white barn out back that had been built in the mid-thirties. The paint was chipped badly enough that you could see the wood beneath. My friends and I walked up the stairs to the second story — the old hayloft. One of them turned to me and said, “So what are we going to do tonight?” I smiled and replied, “See if my barn is haunted.” She was a Christian with a rosy face, a big smile, and expressive eyes. She looked as if I had just said we were going to sacrifice a goat. I had gone with her to church sometimes. Her parents where very religious but seemed to move around denominations, so getting invited to her church events held interesting and vastly different experiences. I wish I remembered what all of them were, but I remember watching people talk in tongues, their mouths moving in what seemed like babbling, and falling on the floor writhing with the “spirit.” Seeing full-grown adults in such unfettered flaying was very humorous to my mind. Where else can you go where adults sound like drunken toddlers? Once at a bible camp, I caught dust from the angels. I like to think of it now as a pre-glittered floor so that when you sat on it and inevitably put your hands down, your hands became sparkly—a sure sign that the angels were watching over us. In preparation for the séance, I had gathered every candle I could find in the house and the cool new multicolored light-up disco ball I had bought at Spencer Gifts. I centered the lights in the middle of the plywood floor, and we all gathered in a circle. We were not ones to hold hands, especially not at the willful and defiant age of thirteen, so we just sat in a circle around the points of light and multicolored dots that flew past our heads. I spoke first. I loved this part. The apprehension of what the night might bring, the slight fear of speaking, and the ease in which the rest of the words came in hearing my own voice amidst the quiet. Later in life I loved the theater and wanted to be an actress. Maybe it all started here. “My name is Jackie. These are my friends. If you are here, please give us a sign,” I said, or some form of that, in the best commanding yet nonthreatening voice I could muster. Silence echoed back, and a giggle arose from within our circle. “Shhh,” I said as I shut my eyes, hoping this would lead to better concentration and more vibes that would pique the interest of the departed. Weeks before her death, my grandmother had told us that she saw two figures standing beside the barn on her last visit to the farm. She was not scared of them; she thought of them as welcoming her to the other side. Some of her relatives had seen them, too, close to their time of passing. They described them as figures dressed in one color: white or black. They didn’t speak; they were just there, waiting. I pictured what I thought they looked like from her description. I was not sure if I believed my grandmother, but I believed that she believed. I wanted to see some sort of proof and not just anecdotes from others. I wanted it so badly that I thought my only hope was that some ghosts would take pity on me and finally show themselves. If I thought about it enough, maybe they would sense it. Silence. No ghost, no knock, nothing. After a while we all broke out into talking about the ’N Sync concert that was coming up or the boys we thought were cute. When I blew out the candles, I felt defeated and rejected even though I knew ghosts might not exist. But I was not ready to give up. I’d seen weird things happen: Ouija pointers that moved, creepy sounds in graveyards where I’d led another séance. But of course someone else could have moved the Ouija pointer, and graveyards are by themselves a little creepy. These experiences that so many people hold up as a reason to believe are not definitive. Not proof. Not undeniably otherworldly. However, I still had hope. Women Beyond Belief: Discovering Life Without Religion is now available on Amazon. Filed Under: Books, Feminism, General Leave a Comment Related posts from Friendly Atheist: Trump Saying "Pussy" Not As Damning As Clinton Having One, Says "Coach" Dave Daubenmire Podcast Ep. 129: Dr. Leigh Eric Schmidt, Author of Village Atheists A Swedish Ex-Mormon Just Published a Comic Book About Leaving the LDS Church My Name Is Stardust: A Children's Book About How We're All Made of the Same Raw Ingredients « Who Needs Pastors When Therapists Are Available? Leaked Videos Show Mormon Leaders Getting Possibly Classified Information from a U.S. Senator » About Hemant Mehta Hemant Mehta is the editor of Friendly Atheist, appears on the Atheist Voice channel on YouTube, and co-hosts the uniquely-named Friendly Atheist Podcast. You can read much more about him here. Subscribe by email to Friendly Atheist I’m on the Interwebs. Popular at Patheos Atheist Please Stop Sharing Links to These Sites Report: Trump Taps Ben Carson for Secretary of Education A Gay Diner Paid for the Meal of Anti-Gay Christians Nearby and Left Them a Memorable Note Atheist activist launches new political party in response to Donald Trump's victory Support this site on Patreon! Check out our podcast! (RSS feed here) Buy Hemant’s Books! Categories CategoriesSelect CategoryAbortionAdviceAppignani Humanist Legal CenterArk EncounterAtheist AdvertisingAtheist DemographicsAtheist GenerosityAtheist ParentingAtheist/Christian CooperationBabiesBangladeshi BloggersBook ClubBooksBrittany MeyerCamp QuestCanadaCaptain DisillusionCartoonsCenter for InquiryChurchesComing OutContestsDeathDownloadable PDFsEducationEdward TarteFeminismFFRFFine ArtsFoundation Beyond BeliefGeneralHeathen Holiday CardsHousekeepingHumorInfiltrationInterviewsInvestigationsJehovah’s WitnessesJesse GalefJill SteinJim BakkerJoshua FeuersteinLatino AtheistsLawLee StrobelLGBTLongformLove/SexMagazine ArticlesMathMike ClawsonMilitary AtheistsPastor Steven AndersonPictureoftheDayPodcastPoetryPoliticsPop CulturePseudoscienceReason Rally 2016Richard WadeRon GoldScienceSecular AvenueSecular Coalition for AmericaSecular Group ShowcaseSecular Invocations (Post-Greece)Secular Student AllianceShades of Black AtheismSportsThat Old-Time ReligionThe Atheist VoiceThe Young Atheist’s Survival GuideTrina HoaksWar on Christmas Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 Trending at Patheos Atheist Here's What Not Giving Up Looks Like. (Roll to Disbelieve) Limbaugh: Liberals Want to Colonize Mars to Reject... (Dispatches From the Culture Wars) Know How You Handle Conflict (Foxy Folklorist: Folklore, Culture, Sex) Anonymous Tip: About That Cert Petition (Love, Joy, Feminism) Goodbye and Good Riddance to Duck Dynasty (Friendly Atheist) Wait, Who's Making an Appearance to Promote This Department Store's Christmas... (Friendly Atheist) Free Will and the University of the Third Age (A Tippling Philosopher) Stone: Alex Jones a Conduit Between Trump and 'Skeptical'... (Dispatches From the Culture Wars) Recent Comments Follow Patheos on Sign up for the Patheos newsletter About Patheos How to Advertise Premium Content Sponsor a Book Club Patheos Press Faith Channels Atheist Buddhist Catholic Evangelical Hindu Jewish Mormon Muslim Pagan Progressive Christian Spirituality Resources Blogs Columns Religion Library Compare Religions Topics Public Square Book Club Entertainment Faith and Work Seeker Resources Family Resources Preaching Resources Connect Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Subscribe to RSS Feeds Contact Us Copyright 2008-2016, Patheos. All rights reserved.      Terms of Service  | Patheos Privacy Policy CLOSE | X Atheist Newsletter (weekly) Pan Patheos Newsletter (biweekly) Friendly Atheist Digest HIDE | X Atheist Newsletter (weekly) Pan Patheos Newsletter (biweekly) Friendly Atheist Digest
News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Jobs Financial Services Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Login Register Subscribe Video Log out My Account Subscribe Video Log out My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Fixing Twitter will be a huge challenge for anyone who buys it James Titcomb 2 October 2016 • 7:10pm A number of suitors have been linked with Twitter Credit: reuters Thank heavens for Deutsche Bank. For a few days at least, the trials of the German bank appear to have deflected attention away from the rampant speculation about Twitter and its own tribulations. The American social network – a favourite target for doomsayers – even briefly saw its stock market value overtake Deutsche last week. Perhaps there is only so much schadenfreude to go around. But if Twitter’s bosses savoured their few days out of the media spotlight, they should probably enjoy it while it lasts. Within the coming weeks, the social network, only a decade old, may well be the subject of a bidding war as a host of potential suitors circle. Jack Dorsey has returned to the helm of Twitter Credit: david paul morris/bloomberg Reports of interest from both Google and the cloud computing company Salesforce 10 days ago first lifted Twitter’s shares, with subsequent talk of Disney’s interest applying the afterburners. Add in a few less likely candidates, such as Microsoft and the US telecoms group Verizon, and you’ll do more for Twitter’s share price, which has risen by 25pc in the last few days, more than three years of life as a public company have done. Shareholders are clearly desperate for someone to swoop in and save Twitter. Any mention of the prospect over the last 18 months, however tenuous, has had investors champing at the bit: last year, a fake website designed to look like Bloomberg claimed that Google had lodged a $31bn offer, which was enough to send shares up by 8pc. Google seems like the most natural fit, having tapped investment bankers at Lazard to evaluate a deal It isn’t surprising that the best solution for shareholders looks like a sale. Twitter has lost more than $2bn since it was founded, and continues to be deeply in the red. Its $107m loss in the second quarter of the year was an increase on the previous two quarters, and annual revenue growth has slowed dramatically in the last few quarters, from 48pc to 36pc and then 20pc. It is expected to fall again to 6pc when it announces third quarter results later this month. Aside from the pure financials, the number of people using Twitter every month has been almost flat, at just over 300m, for over a year. Comparisons with Facebook – which has 1.7bn and shows no sign of slowing down – are perhaps unfair (almost anything pales in comparison to Mark Zuckerberg’s dollar-printing internet machine) but other platforms such as Instagram, Snapchat and WhatsApp show no signs of the stunted growth that Twitter has done. There are various explanations for this – a lingering troll problem, the intricacies of the network and its unspoken rules of engagement, a product that requires hours of attention to get the most out of – but whatever is to blame, there is little sign of the company turning it around. Jack Dorsey, the co-founder who returned as chief executive last year in what looked at the time like a Steve Jobs-esque revival story, has re-thought some of Twitter’s core tenets, such as its 140-character limit and chronological feed, and focused on its unique selling point – as the world’s best place for real-time information and video. But there is little evidence of it working yet. Mark Zuckerberg has shown how profitable social media can be Credit: peter dasilva So at present, the two things really supporting Twitter’s $16.5bn valuation are a social network halo effect radiating from Facebook and the prospect of a rich buyer. As the first diminishes, with Twitter looking less likely to repeat Facebook’s success by the month, selling up becomes more attractive. Hence the excitement at the list of names being thrown around. Many dedicated Twitter users also believe that being taken out of public hands would be good for the service itself. But an examination of most of the potential bidders shows most of them do not stack up. Take Disney, whose interest apparently lies in owning a popular piece of web real estate with hundreds of millions of eyeballs, to use as a springboard for its digital video efforts. Regardless of the merits of this theory (which are themself, a little fuzzy), there are numerous reasons why Disney should not buy Twitter. Profile | Jack Dorsey The fact that Dorsey sits on Disney’s board and so would probably have to recuse himself from the whole process, for one thing. Or how about another board member, Facebook’s chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg, who presumably wouldn’t be allowed anywhere near a deal due to the risk of a conflict of interest. More fundamentally, the history of media giants buying tech brands (it was not that long ago that Rupert Murdoch bet $580m on MySpace), is less than stellar. Salesforce, another potential suitor, seems yet more unlikely. Famous for selling customer management software to businesses, there are few obvious ways in which the two companies work together. Given that Salesforce is only around three times the size of Twitter, its founder Marc Benioff would be betting the company on a risky transaction. Besides, Benioff seems more concerned with derailing Microsoft’s takeover of LinkedIn, having urged competition regulators last week to take a long look at it. Google seems like the most natural fit, having tapped investment bankers at Lazard to evaluate a deal. A ready-made social network would give the company a foothold in an important area it has repeatedly failed in. But it is unclear how interested its boss Sundar Pichai is in this, with Google’s social efforts visibly taking a back seat to other areas such as artificial intelligence under his leadership. Despite a wide field of potential buyers, Twitter may be too much of a challenge for any of them. Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Microsoft Disney Instagram Internet MySpace Facebook Twitter Sundar Pichai Show more Technology latest 18 Nov 2016, 1:14pm Apple considers making iPhones in America, reports claim 18 Nov 2016, 1:07pm Three Mobile under fire for failing to alert customers to data breach 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:08am Comment: Three data breach: It’s only a matter of time until we are all hacked, so let's learn to live with it James Titcomb Premium 17 Nov 2016, 5:45pm Humans 'will bully robot cars', Mercedes chief warns 17 Nov 2016, 4:58pm Samsung and Apple's grip on smartphone market slips to less than one in three sales 01:15 17 Nov 2016, 3:18pm Holidays, gadgets or fashion: Which have the biggest Black Friday discounts? 17 Nov 2016, 2:01pm What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 01:32 17 Nov 2016, 11:39am Sea Hero Quest mobile game helps dementia diagnosis breakthrough 17 Nov 2016, 10:26am Russia orders internet providers to block LinkedIn 17 Nov 2016, 10:00am £4 USB device can hack a locked computer in under a minute 17 Nov 2016, 7:00am This folding paper bike helmet for cycle share schemes could save lives 17 Nov 2016, 5:04am Watchdog seeks broadband advertising changes to ensure speed expectations met 16 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Pokémon Sun and Moon review - A vibrant and delightful new take on the famous pocket monsters 4 16 Nov 2016, 5:26pm Comment: Snapchat isn't worth $25bn - but that won't stop the technorati making it so James Quinn Premium 16 Nov 2016, 4:14pm Comment: Sex site hackers can never crack the mysteries of the human psyche Zoe Strimpel Premium Gallery 16 Nov 2016, 1:13pm Gallery: The bestselling video game consoles of all time 16 Nov 2016, 12:25pm Comment: The AdultFriendFinder hack shows there are no real secrets online James Titcomb Premium 16 Nov 2016, 11:11am Cheap Android phones send owners' text messages and location data to China 16 Nov 2016, 10:20am Comment: AdultFriendFinder sex hack: We can't stop cheating - accept it Rebecca Reid Premium 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Google to create 3,000 more UK jobs in major boost for London technology scene { "section": "", "commentingConfig": {"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured","pay-faster-in-restaurants-with-qkr":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":false,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"news":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":true,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"reviews":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":true,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"opinion":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":true,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"code-academy":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":false,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"how-phones-changed-the-world":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":true,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"preserving-memories":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":false,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"connecting-britain":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":false,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"}} } Contact us Subscribers Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google’s Pixel hardware event is really about software CNET 10/2/2016 Richard Nieva © Provided by CNET La, Lynn Later this week, Google is expected to unveil a bevy of new products: phones, a smart home hub, a Wi-Fi router and possibly more. It's all stuff you can touch and pick up -- objects made of atoms. But don't let the hype around the new hardware fool you. The launch event, taking place in San Francisco on Tuesday, isn't really about hardware. As is almost everything Google does, this is firmly about code. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 109.95 -0.04 -0.04% Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc REGN ▼ 404.56 -15.52 -3.69% Sanofi SA SNYNF ▼ 81.85 -0.95 -1.15% SolarCity Corp SCTY ▲ 20.40 +0.58 +2.90% Think of hardware, whether it's the rumored Pixel phone or the previously unveiled Google Home speaker, as the physical gateway into the company's software, which can't exist on its own. That's how Google makes money -- by using software to collect your data, which advertisers covet. These products ensure that once you wrap yourself with Google software, you stay that way. So what kind of software, specifically, is Google trying to hook you on?  It goes back to Google Assistant, the virtual helper that the search giant introduced at its annual I/O developer conference in May. Google CEO Sundar Pichai heralded it as the future of Google. In fact, he said, the software is everything you think of when you think of Google -- search, driving directions, restaurant information -- unbound from the traditional search bar where you type in queries. Instead, Google Assistant will know you personally. You can talk to it with voice commands, or chat with it in a messaging app. The more you use it, Pichai said, the more it learns your habits, likes and dislikes, and the better its artificial intelligence can serve you.   Get ready for the AI rumble Google is just the latest to push the notion of a digital assistant, with Apple having kicked off an artificial intelligence race with Siri back in 2011. Since then, Microsoft rolled out Cortana (named after the Master Chief's AI sidekick from the Halo video game franchise) and Amazon offers Alexa through its Echo family of speakers. AI has increasingly become both a fertile battleground and an opportunity for companies to band together to educate the public about its benefits.  Google thinks it can top those other services because of its long history as a search company -- and the mountains of data it's already collected. Google already released its first entree into Assistant earlier this month, with the chat app Allo. With the mobile app, on Android and iOS, you can type in search requests while chatting with a friend, or you can chat with the Assistant directly, like you would a chatbot. On Tuesday, Google will likely talk about a few devices that will tie into Assistant. The most prominent are the Pixel and Pixel XL phones, which mark a break from the company's history of Nexus phones. While Nexus phones were developed in partnership with other vendors like LG or Huawei, Google is taking full ownership of the Pixel phones, expected to be presented as super flagship phones able to compete with the likes of the iPhone 7 and Galaxy Note S7.  Pixels will likely share the stage with the Google Home speaker, which was unveiled at I/O. But again, the hardware ultimately doesn't really matter. "In and of itself, Google making a speaker is vaguely interesting, but it really is the software and the Google assistant that makes Home an interesting device," said Jan Dawson, an analyst at Jackdaw Research. Getting personal with Google Google Home gives the company a brand new challenge.  While Google has offered predictive searches for years with Google Now, already found on Android phones and iPhones, having a single speaker in the living room means Google will have to cater to a number of different family members of varying age -- all with unique personal tastes. How it becomes personalized for each member of the family -- instead of just individual phone users -- is what Google will have to explain on Tuesday. Google's AI in general could stand to use more hands-on experience with consumers. As mentioned earlier, the more you use it, the better it gets. And right now, it's still not all that great. When Google released Allo earlier this month, CNET editor Lynn La tested out a handful of scenarios where the app's "Smart Reply" feature -- which produces ready-made answers using Google's artificial intelligence -- reacted to real world situations. Mostly, Google's software had solid responses. Others, not so much. Take, for example, this scenario where she used Smart Replies to react to getting fired. (Smart Replies are in purple): The experiment shows just how unpolished Google's AI software can be right now.  But, again, there's a reason. Before Google first teased Allo in May, I asked product manager Amit Fulay about Smart Replies. He said those replies aren't just canned responses -- they become more tailored to you the more you use it. So, for example, if you use a certain emoji a lot, Smart Reply might eventually suggest it in certain scenarios. And that illustrates why Tuesday is so important to Google. The company is finally going to give its software some broad real world experience. There are bound to be people barking questions at Google Homes and Pixel phones and getting back some befuddling answers, because the software doesn't know its new owners yet. Google hopes this event marks the start of when it'll finally overcome those growing pains. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNET Joseph Gordon-Levitt: The privacy debate is on CNET Porsche's Panamera 4 e-hybrid does 31 miles in silence CNET A look at Elon Musk's plan to move us to Mars CNET CNET View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Payrolls, VP Debate, Tory Conference: Week Ahead Oct. 3-8 Stanley James Phyllis Halliday James Amott October 2, 2016 — 10:29 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Brexit is focus as U.K. Conservative Party meeting continues IMF and World Bank hold annual meeting; Google unveils devices Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Payroll growth in the U.S. probably picked up in September as employers added about 175,000 workers, signaling steady labor-market improvement, based on economists’ projections ahead of a government report. Follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here. The focus of the U.S. presidential race shifts to the Oct. 4 debate between the running mates -- Democrat Tim Kaine and Republican Mike Pence. It’s their only face-to-face forum. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump continue to campaign in swing states ahead of their next showdown, on Oct. 9 in St. Louis. The annual meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank takes place in Washington. Brexit is the focus as U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May and her most senior ministers meet for the Conservative Party’s annual conference. Australia and Poland set interest rates. Google will unveil new devices at an event in San Francisco, while Monsanto Co. and Tesco Plc are among companies releasing earnings. Monday, Oct. 3 U.S. factory activity probably stagnated in September after contracting a month earlier, underscoring persistent weakness that is hounding American manufacturing, economists forecast the Institute for Supply Management to report. 10:00 in Washington. Automakers report U.S. September sales, usually starting with Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV at about 10:00 EDT. The seasonally adjusted annual sales rate may have been about 17.6 million, the average estimate of analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. The U.S. Supreme Court begins a new nine-month term in Washington. U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond may give indications of his tax and spending plans at the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham, England. About 12:00 in Birmingham (07:00 EDT). U.K. Trade Secretary Liam Fox, one of the key ministers involved in Brexit negotiations, speaks at about 15:45. Nobel Prize week begins in Stockholm. The first prize awarded is for physiology or medicine, followed by physics on Oct. 4 and chemistry on Oct. 5. The Peace Prize will be awarded in Oslo on Oct. 7. Click here for background on the prizes and timing. The American Society/Council of the Americas holds its 2016 Latin American Cities conference in Lima. Speakers include Petroperu Chairman Augusto Baertl and Buenaventura Mining Co. Inc. Chief Executive Officer Roque Benavides. Begins at 08:30 local time (09:30 EDT). Brazil President Michel Temer travels to Argentina and Paraguay to meet Presidents Mauricio Macri and Horacio Cartes. They are expected to discuss regional trade and Venezuela’s membership in the Mercosur trade bloc. It’s Temer’s first bilateral trip since he succeeded the impeached Dilma Rousseff. The South African Reserve Bank holds its biannual Monetary Policy Forum and releases its Monetary Policy Review analyzing inflation and interest-rate trends over the past six months. 18:00 in Pretoria (12:00 EDT). CENTRAL BANKS: Kazakhstan rate decision. ECONOMY: U.S. Markit manufacturing PMI (Sept. final) and construction spending (Aug.); Markit Mexico PMI manufacturing (Sept.); Brazil monthly trade balance and manufacturing PMI (Sept.); Australia house prices (Sept.); Indonesia CPI (Sept.); Singapore private home prices (3Q); Thailand CPI (Sept.); South Africa manufacturing PMI (Sept.); Turkey inflation and PMI (Sept.); Euro-area manufacturing PMI (Sept.); U.K. manufacturing PMI (Sept.); Russia manufacturing PMI (Sept.); Hungary manufacturing PMI (Sept.); Poland manufacturing PMI (Sept.); Czech manufacturing PMI and budget balance (Sept.) EARNINGS: Zojirushi Corp. is among companies posting results. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: USDA grain-export ratings (weekly), Manitoba crop update (weekly). Tuesday, Oct. 4 U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond President Jeffrey Lacker will speak at the West Virginia Economic Outlook Conference in Charleston, West Virginia, at 08:05 EDT. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence and Democrat Tim Kaine will debate at Longwood University, in Farmville, Virginia. The debate begins at 21:00 EDT and will be moderated by Elaine Quijano, CBSN anchor. U.K. Home Secretary Amber Rudd, who’s responsible for immigration, addresses the Conservative Party conference at about 12:00 in Birmingham (07:00 EDT). The European Parliament discusses Greece’s economy and progress on reforms as the country gets ready for creditors to approve its next aid payout. Session begins at 15:00 CET (09:00 EST) in Strasbourg, France. A Spanish court opens a trial into whether the governing People’s Party used a campaign slush fund between 1990 and 2005. Acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, the PP’s leader, denies wrongdoing. Session begins at 09:30 CET (03:30 EDT). The Brussels Conference on Afghanistan focuses on international support for Afghanistan and reform. Through Oct. 5. Expedia Inc. CEO Dara Khosrowshahi and Teddy Goff, a technology adviser to the Obama and Clinton campaigns, are among speakers at the GeekWire Summit 2016 for industrial professionals in Seattle. Click here for the agenda. Through Oct. 5. Google Home Source: Google Google will unveil devices at an event in San Francisco. It’s likely to show off a “Home” gadget that competes with Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo, along with new phones and other products. Begins at 09:00 local time (12:00 EDT). CENTRAL BANKS: Australia rate decision; follow the TOPLive blog for real-time coverage here. ECONOMY: U.S. ISM New York (Sept.); Brazil industrial production (Aug.); New Zealand house prices (Sept.) EARNINGS: Micron Technology Inc. is among companies posting results. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES:  American Petroleum Institute petroleum inventory report (weekly) Wednesday, Oct. 5 Growth at U.S. service producers probably expanded at a faster pace in September after the worst reading since February 2010, economists forecast the Institute for Supply Management to report. 10:00 in Washington. Two regional Federal Reserve bank presidents will be speaking. Chicago’s Charles Evans will address an event sponsored by the CFA Society New Zealand in Auckland at 12:00 local time (Oct. 4 19:00 EDT). Richmond’s Jeffrey Lacker will speak to students at Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia. 17:00 EDT. U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May winds up the Conservative Party conference, her first as premier, with the keynote speech at about 12:00 (07:00 EDT). German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel speak on the economy at a conference of Germany’s BGA export-industry association. Event starts at 14:00 CET (08:00 EDT). U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments on an insider trading case. Its ruling will clarify an issue at the heart of the federal crackdown on insider trading over the past eight years. The case is Salman v. U.S., 15-628. CENTRAL BANKS: Rate decisions in Iceland and Poland ECONOMY: U.S. MBA mortgage applications (weekly), ADP private employment and Markit services PMI (Sept.), and trade deficit and factory orders (Aug.); Russia CPI (weekly); Chile economic activity (Aug.); Colombia inflation (Sept.); Taiwan CPI (Sept.); Philippines CPI (Sept.); South Africa whole economy PMI (Sept.); Euro-area services PMI (Sept.); U.K. services PMI (Sept.) EARNINGS: Monsanto Co. and Tesco Plc are among companies reporting results. For a list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: U.S. EIA crude oil inventory report (weekly), with real-time coverage on the TOPLive blog here. Bloomberg survey of analysts’ expectations on natural gas volume in storage (weekly). Thursday, Oct. 6 Bank of Canada Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins will speak at the University of Quebec at Trois Rivieres at 11:50 EDT. The remarks will be published on the bank’s website at 11:35. CEOs Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and James Gorman of Morgan Stanley join Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Allianz SE, as keynote speakers at the annual membership meeting of the Institute of International Finance. Click here for the agenda. In Washington, through Oct. 8. The ECB publishes the account of its monetary-policy meeting in September. 13:30 CET in Frankfurt (07:30 EDT). ECONOMY: U.S. Challenger job-cut announcements (Sept.), jobless claims and consumer comfort index (weekly); South Africa business confidence (Sept.); Germany factory orders (Aug.); Czech retail sales (Aug.) EARNINGS: Seven & i Holdings Co. is among companies reporting results. For an expanded list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Bloomberg survey of analysts’ expectations on natural gas prices (weekly), EIA natural gas inventory report (weekly), Saskatchewan crop update (weekly), Buenos Aires Grain Exchange crop report (weekly), USDA crop net-export sales (weekly), UN food-price index (Sept.) Friday, Oct. 7 U.S. employment probably increased by around 175,000 in September, indicating hiring is settling into a more sustained pace after robust advances last year, economists project a Labor Department report to show. The unemployment rate is forecast to hold at 4.9 percent, and worker pay probably rose. 08:30 in Washington. The 2016 annual meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank is held in Washington. Managing Director Christine Lagarde will have a one-on-one conversation with financial journalist Michael Lewis, author of “The Big Short.” Click here for the schedule. Through Oct. 9. U.S. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer speaks at the Institute of International Finance annual meeting in Washington, as will Bank of Canada Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins. Fed Governor Lael Brainard takes part in a panel discussion on trade. Click here for the day’s agenda. Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester will deliver the keynote address before the Shadow Open Market Committee in New York City at 12:45. German Chancellor Angela Merkel addresses the senior-citizen caucus of her Christian Democratic Union at a conference in Magdeburg at 09:00 CET (03:00 EDT). CENTRAL BANKS: Argentina monetary report (Aug.) ECONOMY: U.S. wholesale inventories and consumer credit (Aug.); Chile inflation (Sept.); Mexico inflation (Sept.); Brazil IPCA inflation (Sept.); Canada unemployment rate (Sept.); China foreign reserves (Sept.); Taiwan trade data (Sept.); South Africa gross and net reserves (Sept.) and non-farm payrolls (2Q); Germany industrial production (Aug.); U.K. industrial production (Aug.) and Halifax house prices (Sept.); Romania GDP (2Q); Czech industrial production (Aug.); Hungary industrial production (Aug.); Ukraine CPI (Sept.) EARNINGS: Takashimaya Co. is among companies reporting earnings. For a list of today’s releases, click here. ENERGY/COMMODITIES: Baker Hughes U.S. oil-and-gas rig count (weekly), Alberta crop update (weekly), CFTC futures and options positions (weekly) SOVEREIGN RATING UPDATES: Belarus (S&P), Cape Verde (S&P), Ethiopia (Fitch), Italy (Moody’s), Latvia (Moody’s), Morocco (S&P), Norway (Fitch), Romania (S&P), Saudi Arabia (S&P), Spain (DBRS), Switzerland (Fitch), U.S. (Moody’s) Saturday, Oct. 8 Pedro Kuczynski, president of Peru, and Rafael Correa, president of Equador, will meet in Macas, Ecuador, along with their cabinets. Timing to be determined. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Washington Markets Monetary Policy Conservative Party Earnings Labor Birmingham Australia Reserve Bank Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Wolfgang Schäuble sets out tough line on Brexit Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Fed chief Yellen stands by central bank independence China’s hairy crab scandal reveals depth of pollution crisis Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Fed chief Yellen stands by central bank independence Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump meets Abe in first face-to-face with foreign leader Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read US tech groups scramble with post-election soul-searching JPMorgan to pay $264m penalty for hiring ‘princelings’ Are we about to see the return of supersonic travel? Trump supporters call for Pepsi boycott Apple offers cure for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read US and EM investors take opposing bets on Trump’s presidency Death of India’s big bank notes spells pain for gold and real estate Trump policy questions, Volkswagen slashes jobs and Britain’s metric martyrs Derivatives traders forced to provide $27bn collateral post-Brexit The Trump trade is the dog that will bark and bark Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read India: Narendra Modi’s bonfire of the rupees Now Angela Merkel wears the west’s mantle Nigel Farage as envoy to Donald Trump: the go-between from hell Wall Street looks like a winner under Donald Trump The dangers of striking a grand bargain with Putin Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Google Home — a better virtual assistant Estée Lauder applies millennial makeover Robots muscle in on the job interview Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Review — ‘Working the phones’, by Jamie Woodcock Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier High stakes: Eli Lilly’s hunt for an Alzheimer’s drug Trump: a liberal loser responds Lunch with the FT: Ali al-Naimi on two decades as Saudi’s oil king The feel-better guide to style Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Google set to launch branded smartphones Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Video Mobile T-Mobile G1 revisited: Welcoming Android to the world By Brandon Russell | October 2, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo More than a year after Apple released its iPhone in 2007, the first device to use the Android operating system was released. Known for its slide-out keyboard and charming chin, the HTC Dream (a.k.a. the T-Mobile G1 in the U.S.) served as a watershed moment for Google’s eventual rise to the top. It wasn’t the best smartphone when it was released in 2008 but it became the template for things to come. After Android Inc. was acquired by Google in 2005, development on software began with an aim to run on a device that looked much more like a BlackBerry than an iPhone. But following the iPhone’s unveiling in January 2007, Google shifted its strategy and soon reworked the software to run on a touchscreen device. Thus, the HTC Dream was born. Released by T-Mobile in 2008, the device helped introduce the world to what would eventually become one of the most successful operating systems on the planet. The G1 features a fairly compact design and a distinctive “chin,” which housed five navigation buttons: call, home, menu, back, and end call. It also featured a clickable trackball, which became one of its most defining features. Android devices released today often sport incredible specifications—to see how far the market has come, check out what the G1 came rocking when it launched: Display: 3.2-inch (320×480) Processor: 528 MHz Qualcomm MSM7201A RAM: 192MB Storage: 256MB with microSD support Battery: 1,150mAh Camera: 3-megapixel Software: Android 1.6 (Donut) The G1 received mostly mixed reviews when it first launched. While people enjoyed the early version of Android, the device’s hardware wasn’t particularly popular. Of course, it was compared endlessly to Apple’s iPhone, which was still on a high following its release the year earlier. Contrast that with today, and Android adoption has blown past Apple’s iOS, while hardware running Google’s mobile platform, such as the Note 7, is miles ahead of the G1. T-Mobile eventually discontinued the dream in 2010, with a spiritual successor coming out that same year. To learn more about the HTC Dream, check out our retrospective above. Topics #Google #HTC #HTC Dream #T-Mobile G1 Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Google European Union Google could face large fine by EU over Android anti-competitive practices EU wants to stop Google forcing smartphone manufacturers to pre-install Android OS. By Sarmistha Acharya October 2, 2016 17:06 BST EU is considering fining Google for anti-competitive practices, due to the company requiring smartphone manufacturers to pre-install Android OSGetty Images Google might face a "large fine" for anti-competitive practices by the European Union, which is considering stopping the company from paying smartphone manufacturers to pre-install its Search service on their devices. The Commission launched an investigation after it received a complaint from FairSearch – a group of businesses that wants to enforce laws to prevent anticompetitive behaviour affecting consumers – in 2013. Admarketplace.com, Allegro, BusCapé, CEPIC, Expedia, Foundem, Nokia, Oracle, Trip Advisor and Twenga are the members of the group. In April, Google received a copy of a 150-page complaint from the organisation, which was seen by Reuters, that states the EU was accusing the company of exercising its dominant market position as the owner of the Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. In its statement of objections, the EU antitrust regulators said it is planning to stop Google from paying or discounts to manufacturers for pre-installing Google Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone vendors to pre-install its Android apps. The document state Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not obeying its conditions. The document said Google could face a large fine for the anti-competitive practices. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," the document reads. The fine amount is based on the revenue Google generated from AdWords clicks in Europe, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Google in a statement said, "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." In a separate case, the Commission could fine Google of favouring its own shopping services over the rivals, suggests another charge sheet. A document sent to Google in July this year states the search giant might have to rank its rival shopping services equally as its own service. The Commission sent two statements of objections to Google and its parent company Alphabet. The current objection on comparison shopping comes after a similar statement was issued to the company in April 2015. Russia's anti-monopoly watchdog Federal Antimonopoly Service fined Google R438m ($6.75m, £5.2m) for violating antitrust rules on mobile devices, after country's largest search engine Yandex NV filed a complaint in 2015. More from IBTimes UK Twitter's future: Why Google, Disney or anyone else would be crazy to buy it Google Jakarta office raided after being warned for refusing tax audit Trump says 'Google poll' shows him leading while claiming company is biased toward Clinton Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Black Friday: A quick history Columnists Jane Merrick “Becoming a lord is Nigel Farage's only chance to stay in power READ MORE Canadian armed forces recruitment website hacked The cyberattack is currently being investigated but authorities reportedly unsure of hackers' identity. AOL to lay off 500 employees while shifting focus to mobile CEO Tim Armstrong said the cuts are not related to the ongoing discussion with Yahoo over integration of the companies. Google backtracks after banning 200 users for trying to resell Pixel smartphones Google suspended multiple users for buying Pixel phones and reselling them to a dealer in New Hampshire. TfL to track London Underground users via their mobile phones TfL will use MAC addresses to learn how passengers move around its network. Argos Black Friday 2016: The 7 best deals and biggest discounts on technology and electricals With Black Friday deals launching, IBTimes UK looks at the biggest savings so far. The most exciting new cars on show at the 2016 LA Auto Show IBTimes UK takes a look at the new cars and trends at the Los Angeles Auto Show, which opens to the public on Friday 18... Pokemon Sun and Moon reportedly set for Nintendo Switch release under codename Pokemon Stars Pokemon Stars may include new Pokémon and features. iPhone sends call logs to Apple servers even when iCloud backup is switched off claims Elcomsoft The company claims that the logs are stored for up to four months. South Korea rejects Google request to use local data for its maps service A South Korean official said Google could export local data for its maps service if it deletes security facilities. Black Friday: Game UK early deals include PS4, Xbox One bundles, Deus Ex, WWE 2K17 and more PS4 and XBox One consoles reduced, along with a plethora of games. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Army sergeant denies wife's attempted murder after her parachute fails to open at 4,000ft About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google faces major fine based on leaked European Commission charge sheet Lulu Chang Digital TrendsOctober 2, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share While we've known for awhile that the EU Commission plans to launch yet another antitrust case against Google (this one regarding Android), the charge sheet shows specifics of just how the government body plans on doling out punishment.More The problem with being the big dog? Everyone wants to put you on a leash. And as per documents obtained exclusively by Reuters on Saturday, the European Union is looking to put an expensive leash on Google. While we’ve known for a while now that the EU’s Commission plans to launch yet another antitrust case against Google (this one regarding Android), the charge sheet shows specifics of just how the government body plans on doling out punishment. And it’s no light tap on the wrist — instead, the document suggests that Google would not only be ordered to cease payments and discounts for mobile phone manufacturers who pre-install Google’s Play Store with Google Search, but would also have to pay fines that target the company’s highly valuable search ad revenue. As Reuters reported, “The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases, and AdMob’s in-app advertisements,” which could translate to quite a bit of dough coming out of Google’s pockets. Related: Google Maps gains Google Calendar integration, food pic album for restaurants The EU insists that Google’s anti-competition practices have not improved since 2011, and as such, “The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence,” the charge sheet said. While the Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso has not commented on the leaked document, Google issued a statement defending its practices. “We look forward to showing the European Commission that we’ve designed the Android model in a way that’s good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region,” the company said. The internet giant faces another concurrent antitrust lawsuit from the Commission, this one regarding Google’s shopping service. According to the Commission, Google favors shopping results from its own service over that of rivals, a move that could also result in fines for the company. Report: Apple developing iPhone-based social video app to take on Snapchat Russian officials fine Google $6.8M for violating antitrust rules with Android EU Commission gives Google a six-week breather in ongoing Android investigation Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Toyota tries to shed its boring image with the 2018 C-HR subcompact crossover Digital Trends New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech United has created a new flying class that’s even worse than economy Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch creep view Portals to hell, axe murderers and a man with a horse’s head… are these the creepiest things ever found on Google street view? Whilst pounding pavements on Street View, disturbed users have clocked some chilling scenes Pictured By GEORGE HARRISON 2nd October 2016, 2:52 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Google’s revolutionary Street View software has been around for some time now, but plenty of users have stumbled across some seriously sinister sights whilst strolling around the virtual world. From crowds of pigeon-people to dustbins full of bodies, these are surely some of the creepiest things you will ever see whilst walking around on Google Maps. Getty Images 10 The Google cameras have captured some seriously sinister sights, but these are the picks of the bunch Related Stories Saving the day This new Google Maps feature will completely change how you travel and make your life a whole lot easier STREET VIEW SHAME ATTACK Google snaps embarrassing pic of man who looks like he's WET HIMSELF 18 today! When is Google's birthday? Nine things you didn't know about the search giant Computer says no Why has Google Street View blurred out two ordinary British houses? UDDERLY ABSURD Google street view blurs COW'S face in hilarious privacy mix-up Binful of bodies This chilling sight was spotted by a user taking an innocent virtual stroll in Chile. The Google camera appears to have driven past a makeshift grave for mummies, who can be seen stuffed into bins and sprawled on the floor around them. Either that, or this hellish scene was created by a shop owner who no longer needed their collection of old mannequins. Google 10 This chilling binful of bodies is enough to put you off ever going to Chile The tiki demon One Reddit user was unfortunate enough to stumble across this terrifying scene in Nancy, France. A demonic figure can be seen watching the Street View camera drive past, and nobody can decide what the shadowy humanoid actually is. To make matters even creepier, Google have since blurred out the figure, leaving users guessing as to why the company is trying to keep the so-called “tiki demon” hidden from view. Google 10 This demonic figure was made even creepier by the fact that Google blurred it out Pigeon party When exploring the streets of Japan, users run the risk of stumbling across this freaky flock of pigeon people. Featuring 8 motionless locals staring blankly at the Google camera, this terrifying image became a viral hit after it was first spotted. Apparently, role-playing as pigeons is a normal-enough occurrence in Japan, although nothing can explain just how creepy this shot is. Google 10 Not your typical Street View scene, this freaky flock can be seen staring at the camera as it passes Alien invasion A photo posted to image-sharing site imgur features an extraterrestrial visitor, who appears to be sat on the roadside, just watching the passing traffic. It’s not clear where the photo was taken, so this sight could surprise you next time you pop into Street View for a walk. Google 10 This terrifying alien is lurking somewhere out there on Google Maps, so watch out The Edinburgh axe murderer In 2014, Street View spectators thought they were witnessing a murder in Leith, where an axe-wielding man could be seen standing over a ‘corpse’. The police were alerted, and traced the so-called killer to a mechanics’ car repair shop in the same street. It turns out that the scene was just a sick prank, and thankfully the police officers investigating the murder saw the funny side too. Google 10 Thankfully for the jokers behind this scene, the police saw the funny side too Horse boy One of Street View’s strangest mysteries surrounds ‘horse boy’, a phony pony who can be seen in the Hardgate area of Aberdeen. Wearing a creepy horse mask, the man just stares at the Google camera as it passes him. Despite having been spotted years ago – and becoming a cult hero since – nobody has ever confirmed his true identity. Google 10 A Google Maps classic, this creepy horse-headed man has been a cult hero for years now Mangled Sunbather As we reported earlier this year, this creepy woman gives a whole new meaning to getting legless on holiday. Virtual passers-by did a terrified double-take when they first spotted this mangled sunbather on a beach in Costa Rica. Some people claimed she may be a demon, or warped by radiation but, of course, the likely explanation is that this frame is the result of a panoramic photo gone wrong. Google 10 This broken figure is not someone you want to come across at the seaside Portal to hell Stunned Street View users found something terrifying in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina – a portal to hell. At first, everything on the sunny street seems normal, but when you go in to Street View and move a few metres down the road, things take a spooky turn. The light, colourful surroundings suddenly morph into a pitch black hellscape, and a spectral green figure appears out of nowhere. Google 10 At first, this street seems to be completely normal…. Google 10 … until you walk a few metres down the road, where things take a turn for the creepy What on Earth is this? Google Earth spots mysterious structure Topics Google Maps Google Street View Chile Edinburgh France Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living shooting her SELFIE in the foot Woman gets caught cheating after sexting a saucy pic to her fella... who spots her boss'… Living ALL GROWN UP Remember Diversity’s little Perri Kiely? Well's he's all grown up and he's got a six-pack to die for Living 'I'm a paedo, i'm not a monster' One-armed 'virtuous paedophile' reveals he is not ashamed of being sexually attracted to… Living Exclusive 'sex in the pool and condoms on floor' Woman reveals the horror of her Thomas Cook holiday from hell in Cyprus Living Ready... set... go! Aldi’s Wagyu beef burgers and steak sold out… so now they’re selling Wagyu meatballs for just £2.99 Living THE SILENT KILLER Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest forms of the disease - but do YOU know the signs to watch for? Living '£15, fags and Buckfast' Jeremy Kyle guest accuses her former friend of being a prostitute Living Exclusive pour show The I’m A Celebrity jungle 'waterfall' shower is manmade, uses warm water and can be turned off Living Revealed 'Earth must be warned!' What's the truth behind this video of a French female astronaut screaming a warning about aliens? Living Video Freeze frame What is the Mannequin Challenge, where did it start and which famous people have got involved? Living FLASH AND BURN This loved-up couple try to take a romantic photo - but it all goes disastrously wrong Living From fact to fiction This little boy vanished and then someone turned up claiming to be him... just like in The Missing Living DEAR DEIDRE I'm pregnant after the ultimate dirty weekend... and my baby has three potential fathers Living YOU'RE ATTIRED! This is why fired Apprentice candidates wear a big coat and scarf before taking their taxi ride home Living NOW IT'S MALTESERGATE Maltesers and Galaxy Counters sharing-sized bags get lighter as Mars shrinks packet sizes Living Most Popular 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living shooting her SELFIE in the foot Woman gets caught cheating after sexting a saucy pic to her fella... who spots her boss'… Living ALL GROWN UP Remember Diversity’s little Perri Kiely? Well's he's all grown up and he's got a six-pack to die for Living Exclusive HANGOVER: PART ROO Wayne Rooney to be stripped of England captaincy with international career at risk after boozy wedding Football Exclusive Red red Wayne Boozy Wayne Rooney is almost too drunk to stand as he's pictured with two women after gatecrashing wedding… Football WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz A MOTHER'S GUILT Daughter confronts mum who filmed her being raped by her own father 20 years ago when she was 13 News 'I'm a paedo, i'm not a monster' One-armed 'virtuous paedophile' reveals he is not ashamed of being sexually attracted to… Living Exclusive 'sex in the pool and condoms on floor' Woman reveals the horror of her Thomas Cook holiday from hell in Cyprus Living CYBER ATTACK Three Mobile hacked by thieves who stole hundreds of phones... putting 9m customers' personal data at risk News Pictured REVVED UP ROO Wayne Rooney gives thumbs-up as he arrives for Manchester United training following wedding booze storm Football Pictured no BLURRED tan LINES Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she pulls her swimsuit down to her waist TV & Showbiz Video EXTREMELY DISTASTEFUL I'm a Celebrity viewers blast hosts Ant and Dec over Stephen Hawking sketch TV & Showbiz Ready... set... go! Aldi’s Wagyu beef burgers and steak sold out… so now they’re selling Wagyu meatballs for just £2.99 Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Hardware Update – Google Event 2 Days Away (Oct 4th) Elroy Bethell - October 2, 2016 7:23 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail A Google spokeswoman has confirmed that the upcoming “Google Event” this October 4th at 9 a.m. in San Francisco could be one the most exciting product launches ever. In order keep fans in the loop, Google has setup a link for email notifications on their October Spectacular.     Google has now given us something new to love on Oct. 4. Get in the know at https://madeby.google.com/.   When you go to this link, it displays an outline of a phone which displays random photos.  In my mind, this definitely an in-your-face subliminal suggestion that we will be seeing new phones on October 4th.   Until Google actually announces the names for the new devices, there is still room for speculation. That fact that Google already offers a Pixel C tablet and a Pixel Chromebook, lends support to leaks of a Pixel and Pixel XL smartphone.   The “Pixel and Pixel XL may be made by HTC and have a price point of $650 and $850 respectively. Android Police reports the available colors to be aluminum, black and bright blue.   Photo Source: Android Community   Photo Source: Phone Bunch     Another product hopeful on October 4th is the Google Home smart speaker.  This device is clear challenger to Amazon’s Echo and Apple’s Siri Speaker. Everyone should know about Google’s “OK Google” virtual assistant, so it is only elementary that Google Home will be housed in the smart speaker. As with all devices of this nature, buyers should be able to get answers to questions, control lights and appliances and play music by voice commands.  Price point is speculated at $129.99 competitively.   Photo Source: Google   Google Chromecast is expected to get an upgrade.  This second-gen Chromecast dongle is reported to support 4K Ultra HD video and HDR, have faster Wi-Fi and cost $35. The color options for the Chromecast are said to be Lemonade, Black, and Salmon.   Photo Source: hdreport       Google’s new Daydream VR headset is sure to be a crowd pleaser.  If you have tried Google Cardboard, this headset promises to be more superior in every way.  You inset your phone as with Cardboard, and you have a head band to hold Daydream securely in place.  Google has made a huge investment in content for the Daydream so we should see a good selection of high quality VR games and movies. Photo Source: Google     According to a tweet by reliable leaker Evan Blass, Google will be releasing a new “Huawei-built 7-inch tablet, with 4GB RAM” by year end.  This tablet could be called the Huawei 7P based on the fact that Huawei took out a trademark on “Huawei 7P” earlier this year. Still waiting for more details. Photo Source: Unbox   The wait continues.       "If you can find a PS3 anywhere in North America that's been on shelves for more than five minutes, I'll give you 1,200 bucks for it." -- SCEA President Jack Tretton Related Articles Apple’s Siri Speaker is a Game Changer September 26, 2016, 5:00 AM Latest Headlines Iron Man Mechanical Keyboard November 18, 2016, 2:28 AM When you shop for a computer, consider what you need it for? November 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Here Goes Intel and AMD - Neck and Neck Again November 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Refurbished Desktops and More in Today’s Market November 13, 2016, 5:00 AM AMD Inspires Innovation Everywhere November 12, 2016, 1:00 AM Wi-Fi on Intel USB 3.1 November 11, 2016, 1:00 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesAMD Inspires Innovation Everywhere November 12, 2016, 1:00 AM Surface Book with Performance Base: Arrives 11/28/2016 November 12, 2016, 6:00 AM Intel CPUs – Which one is right for you? November 13, 2016, 7:32 AM Here Goes Intel and AMD - Neck and Neck Again November 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Wi-Fi on Intel USB 3.1 November 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Foldable Cardboard ”EcoHelmet” wins James Dyson Award’s Top Prize Saimin Nidarson - Nov 18, 2016, 2:39 AM Scientists Discover Roundest Object Ever Spotted in Universe Saimin Nidarson - Nov 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Smallest Device Lets You Print Almost from Anywhere Saimin Nidarson - Nov 16, 2016, 9:32 AM Cancer Screening in the Community Is there a link between Cancer and Poverty? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business China is ready to pounce if Trump axes Pacific trade deal World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Stocks: 5 things to know before the bell Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech How Micromax took the fight to Apple, Samsung Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Another election winner: For profit-colleges Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Entrepreneurs to Trump: Don't take away our Obamacare Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Buckingham Palace set for $458 million refurbishment Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Kaine vs. Pence; Google's new gadgets; September jobs report by Shannon Gupta   @shannonfgupta October 2, 2016: 8:51 AM ET Meet Indiana Gov. Mike Pence Pence vs. Kaine: America might still be hung up on last week's presidential debate, but it's time for the candidates' running mates to have their moment. On Tuesday night, Hillary Clinton's running mate, Tim Kaine, will face off against Republican VP nominee Mike Pence. The debate will take place at Longwood University in Virginia, and Elaine Quijano of CBS News will moderate it. Trump's finances are likely to be a big focus after Saturday's New York Times report that he reported a $916 million loss in 1995. Starbucks wage hike: There's a big payday coming for Starbucks (SBUX) employees. Starting Monday, workers at all 7,600 company-operated stores will receive a raise of at least 5%. Starbucks will also double company stock awards for employees who've worked there for two years or more. CEO Howard Schultz announced the wage hike in July. According to Glassdoor, Starbucks employees earn an average of $9.43 an hour, though the company says pay varies based on a worker's location. Auto sales report: Major U.S. auto manufacturers are getting ready to report September sales on Tuesday. According to Kelley Blue Book estimates, the industry-wide report is expected to show that car companies sold 17.4 million vehicles last month. That's slightly down from last September, when automakers sold 17.5 million vehicles. Google announcement: Get ready for a new wave of Google (GOOGL, Tech30) gadgets. On Tuesday, the company is expected to unveil Pixel-branded smartphones to compete with Apple's newly released iPhone 7. It is also rumored to be launching an Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) Echo competitor. Google may also unveil a new operating system called Andromeda that would integrate Chrome OS and Android. Last week, the company unveiled Youtube Go, a Youtube app that will let you stream music offline. Google also announced plans to expand Wi-Fi access in India. Jobs report: It's that time of month again. The Labor Department will release its September jobs report Friday morning. In August's report, hiring slowed with employers adding just 151,000 jobs. The unemployment rate remained at 4.9%. Economists believe that sluggish jobs growth contributed to the Federal Reserve's recent decision to leave interest rates unchanged, though Fed Chair Janet Yellen said the call didn't "reflect a lack of confidence in the economy." The weekly rundown: Monday - Starbucks wage hike; Motor vehicles sales report Tuesday - Vice presidential debate; Google announcement Wednesday - International trade report; Petroleum status report Thursday - Weekly jobless claims Friday - Jobs report CNNMoney (New York) First published October 2, 2016: 8:05 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Megyn Kelly: 'I felt like a human being who had been dropped into a shark tank' 8 reasons why starting a trade war with China is a bad idea Starbucks, Gap, Nike and others demand Trump stand by climate deal Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner 5 cards offering 0% interest until 2018 Transferring your debt to a 21-month 0% intro APR is ingenious 10 jaw-dropping balance transfer offers A $500 intro bonus has arrived A proven method to pay off credit cards Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Premier League Burnley 0-1 Arsenal: Premier League – as it happened Arsenal’s Laurent Koscielny scored a controversial winner in injury-time to beat a stubborn Burnley side, who hit the bar through Michael Keane Match report: Burnley 0-1 Arsenal Updated Arsenal players celebrate after Laurent Koscielny’s last-gasp goal. Photograph: Anthony Devlin/Reuters Michael Butler @michaelbutler18 Sunday 2 October 2016 13.32 EDT Last modified on Sunday 2 October 2016 13.45 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 1.23pm EDT 13:23 Full-time: Burnley 0-1 Arsenal 1.32pm EDT 13:32 Summary 1.21pm EDT 13:21 GOAL! Burnley 0-1 Arsenal (Koscielny 90+2) 12.18pm EDT 12:18 Half-time: Burnley 0-0 Arsenal 10.35am EDT 10:35 Today's heroes and villains 7.44am EDT 07:44 Preamble Live feed Show 1.32pm EDT 13:32 Summary It’s not the vintage performance that Wenger would have wanted to crown his 20 years at Arsenal, but sometimes the performance doesn’t matter. That’s a massive three points for the Gunners, who are up to third, two points behind the leaders Manchester City. How costly might that late goal prove for Burnley at the end of the season. They defended magnificently, and hit the bar from a corner, but ultimately come away with nothing. The defensive running from Boyd and Marney was relentless, and maybe it was that fatigue that proved decisive, Burnley mentally switched off for Arsenal’s short corner. The goal was controversial, beyond the allotted allocation of injury-time, Koscielny handled the ball into the net, and he was surely offside IF Oxlade Chamberlain kicked the ball into his team-mate. If he did, even with replays, it is still unclear if it was Koscielny kicked the ball into his own hand. Thierry Henry seems to think that it was Koscielny who kicked it into his own hand, and if anyone is a expert on late, handball goals, it’s Thierry. Thanks for reading, and for your emails and tweets. See you next time. Bye! Laurent Koscielny’s debatable Arsenal winner breaks Burnley at the last Read more Updated at 1.44pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.23pm EDT 13:23 Full-time: Burnley 0-1 Arsenal Arsenal win it at the death! Sam Vokes, dejected at the whistle. Photograph: Alex Livesey/Getty Images Updated at 1.45pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.21pm EDT 13:21 GOAL! Burnley 0-1 Arsenal (Koscielny 90+2) They’ve done it! With the clock beyond the allotted two minutes of injury time, Arsenal take a short corner, Sanchez whips a ball to the near post, Walcott wins the flick and both Oxlade-Chamberlain and Koscielny are there at the back post. Somehow between them, they force it trickling over the line. One of the most scrappy goals you are ever likely to see. Replays show that from all of one yard out, Oxlade Chamberlain hit the ball into Koscielny’s hand, which was not seen by the referee, the ball cannoning into the net. The ball goies in off Koscielny’s arm. Photograph: Sky Sports Koscielny celebrates scoring the winner. Photograph: Anthony Devlin/Reuters Updated at 1.30pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.20pm EDT 13:20 90 min: Two minutes added on here. The home crowd groan. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.19pm EDT 13:19 89 min: Burnley digging in for this point. Walcott has another shot blocked, as Sanchez buzzes around the box like a wasp trapped in a parked car. Keane and Mee have been immense in central defence for Burnley. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.17pm EDT 13:17 87 min: Mustafi is caught by Vokes in an aerial duel, the German showing a small cut on the forehead to the referee. Replays show that Vokes caught Mustafi with his elbow, but both players had eyes on the ball. There was no intent. Just clumsy from Vokes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.15pm EDT 13:15 85 min: Close from Walcott! Sanchez leads another counter-attack and after an ambitious pass is well cut out by Mee, the Chilean wins the ball back, feeds Walcott, who curls an effort just wide. That looked destined for the top corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.13pm EDT 13:13 83 min: A poor pass from Mee, allows Arsenal to break in numbers. Mesut Ozil has plenty of space and plenty of options, but his pass is wayward, straight out for a goal kick with Oxlade-Chamberlain struggling to get there. Ozil has one foot on the team coach already. il jacobite (@il_cagnaccio) @michaelbutler18 Ozil's foot on the team coach, left or right? October 2, 2016 Updated at 1.24pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.09pm EDT 13:09 80 min: Ten minutes to go. Dean Marney shrugs Alexis Sanchez off the ball. Burnley are still showing no signs of tiredness. Remarkable. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.08pm EDT 13:08 77 min: Best ever two-footed striker? “Ian Rush”, suggests Antonio Monterio Pais. ““Surely that embarrassment of riches is a hindrance in live play” writes Marie Meyer. “I prefer the mental clarity of James Milner, who isn’t going to let the fact he is now a left back deter him to shifting every single ball onto his right foot.” Updated at 1.10pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.05pm EDT 13:05 75 min: Burnley hit the bar! From a corner, it is Michael Keane who climbs the highest, planting a powerful header against the underside of the bar. The ball pinballs around the Arsenal box for a moment, before it is eventually hacked clear. Keane scored from a corner against Watford on Monday, remember. Keane’s effort hits the crossbar. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 1.08pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.04pm EDT 13:04 72 min: With the ball swirling around high in the Lancashire winds, Sanchez judges a volley to perfection on the turn, his shot shooting not a yard wide of the post. Heaton was well beaten. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.02pm EDT 13:02 71 min: Arsenal subs: Iwobi is hooked, Oxlade Chamberlain on. Xhaka also makes way for Elneny. Updated at 1.06pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.02pm EDT 13:02 70 min: Some thoughts, courtesy of Matt Loten. “On a weekend when we have seen firsthand the success of some of the modern game’s most forward thinking managers - Klopp’s Liverpool with their brand of gegenpressing and fluidity amongst forward players; Pochettino’s Spurs and their relentless energy, dynamism and ball-playing keeper - are we seeing here crystallised evidence of Arsene Wenger post-2005 tactical malaise? Sure, there have been the accusations of excessive thriftiness and blind faith in youth, but when I watch Arsenal I don’t see any tactical innovation or flexibility. Instead, Wenger’s gameplan seems to amount to little more than sending a group of technically-gifted players out onto the pitch with a vague instruction to pass the ball, and hoping that brilliance will naturally occur. I love the man for his great teams, and he was an innovator in his prime; now, though, Arsene seems to have been left in the shade by the relentless tactical evolution of Guardiola and his cohort of bright, youthful upstarts.” It does seem odd that for all Arsenal’s good form, it takes just a couple of injuries to make them look one dimensional. It’s a good dimension, mind, but they still need some more diversity in the way that they can play. No doubt about that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.57pm EDT 12:57 68 min: How long can Burnley keep this defensive running up? Not the full 90, I would guess. Prediction: 1-0 to Arsenal, Sanchez scoring in the 86th minute, capitalising on a tired Burnley defender’s mistake. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.53pm EDT 12:53 65 min: “Surely the all-time king of two-footedness is Andreas Brehme, writes Joel Dunmore. “He was a left back and primarily left-footed but opted to take West Germany’s penalty in the 85th minute of the 1990 World Cup final with his right. That’s confidence. According to Wikipedia, he felt that his right foot was more accurate and his left was more powerful. Nice ‘problem’ to have.” Updated at 12.54pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.52pm EDT 12:52 63 min: Mesut Ozil should be subbed off – He’s had a shocker today. Sanchez does well to get the ball wide to the German, who screws his cross high into the stands. Doesn’t look interested today. Time for Oxlade-Chamberlain, perhaps? Burnley make a change: Scott Arfield on for Steven Defour. Updated at 12.55pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.50pm EDT 12:50 60 min: Burnley awaken! A swift counter-attack results in an excellent Gudmundsoon header at the back post, forcing Cech to tip the ball behind for a corner, from which Vokes glances a header towards the back post. It hits Hendrick, then Walcott, and Arsenal desperately hack it clear. Could have gone anywhere, that. Vokes heads towards goal. Photograph: Alex Livesey/Getty Images Updated at 1.06pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 58 min: Chance for Ozil! Sanchez did well to find a pocket of space after a neat cut back from Monreal. It’s laid off for Ozil, and he sidefoots goalwards, but there is a fantastic block, I think from Mee, that diverts the ball away from danger. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.45pm EDT 12:45 56 min: Burnley haven’t had a kick in about five minutes. Consistent Arsenal pressure, but without the presence of Olivier Giroud, Burnley seem content to sit deep and invite the crosses. Arsenal’s lack of a plan B could come back to haunt them here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.42pm EDT 12:42 53 min: I mentioned that I didn’t rate Iwobi as much of a finisher, and he’s just sent a shot out for a throw-in. Wenger slaps his knee in frustration, his face turning a shade of pink. Updated at 12.42pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.39pm EDT 12:39 51 min: Hendrick tries his luck from 40 yards. No dice. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.38pm EDT 12:38 48 min: Sanchez looks like the most likely Arsenal player to break the deadlock. First he picks the pocket of Boyd on the edge of Burnley’s area, then he collects a Bellerin tackle/pass/miscontrol and fires a low shot towards the near post. Heaton gets down well, and collects it at the second time of asking, with Walcott sniffing around for a rebound. Sanchez goes round Keane. Photograph: Alex Livesey/Getty Images Updated at 12.50pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.33pm EDT 12:33 Peeeeep! We’re off again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.32pm EDT 12:32 Xiang Ji (@hackerxiang) @michaelbutler18 I guess people would agree that Modric/Kroos, maybe even Eriksen are better than Cazorla, even just for midfielders. October 2, 2016 To which Will Hargreaves replies: “Have you seen that clip where Koscielny got Cazorla to change feet to take the corner?” That was against Watford earlier this season. Watch the clip here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.31pm EDT 12:31 “Not a current player, so maybe a bit off subject, but Zola used to take corners from both sides for Chelsea,” emails Brendan Large. “Using his left foot from the right and right from the left. That’s pretty special I’d say.” Very much on topic Brendan. There must be countless examples of the magic of Zola’s left foot, but this outside-of-the-boot effort against Coventry in 2000 is, as you say, pretty special. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 Half-time entertainment: French goalkeeper makes unlikely triple save Updated at 12.25pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.18pm EDT 12:18 Half-time: Burnley 0-0 Arsenal Burnley will be delighted with that half. Dyche, happy with the first half. Photograph: Matthew Lewis/Getty Images Updated at 12.37pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 45 min: One minute added time. Vishnu Prashanth (@kvp1998) @michaelbutler18 Nothing on Cazorla, but Lallana is probably somewhere up there! October 2, 2016 Updated at 12.18pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 43 min: It’s been a poor half in truth, but Arsenal are ending it strongly, with Burnley camped on the edge of their own box. Cazorla is running the show. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Arsenal Burnley Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What it's like when Alphabet's venture arm invests in your startup — and helps grow it to a $1.2 billion company Avery Hartmans Oct. 2, 2016, 10:00 AM 13,882 facebook linkedin twitter email print Zach Weinberg, left, and Nat Turner, the founders of Flatiron Health. Saskia Uppenkamp After a year of working at Google, Nat Turner and Zach Weinberg were getting restless.  The duo — which came to Google in 2010 after it acquired their company, Invite Media — was ready to start thinking about their next venture, doing research on the side and angel investing in other startups to see what worked and what didn't. They had never intended to stay at Google long, something they had made clear from the beginning.  "It was no surprise we were going to leave, everyone knew that," Turner told Business Insider. "I think we told our boss three months after we got to Google that we were only going to be there until the two-year mark." Before that two-year mark, Turner and Weinberg were approached by what at the time was called Google Ventures — now called simply GV. GV, which is Alphabet's early-stage venture arm, wanted to meet some of the young entrepreneurs who had sold their companies to Google and find out what they were doing next. By then, Turner and Weinberg had started to think about starting a healthcare company after Turner's cousin was diagnosed with leukemia.  About a month later, the pair traveled to Boston, where they met with Krishna Yeshwant, a practicing physician who also works as a general partner at GV. Turner said he pitched Yeshwant a few "very terrible" healthcare ideas, which spawned the beginning of what is now Flatiron Health: a software company that organizes the world’s oncology information and makes it accessible for doctors, patients, and researchers. 'The complexity was an advantage' After the first meeting, Yeshwant began introducing Turner and Weinberg to everyone within his circles in the medical community.  "It wasn’t just like, ‘Hey, here’s an email intro,’" Turner said. "He actually came to a lot of those meetings. We were still 24 and working at Google and had no healthcare background, so him being a physician added a lot of credibility to the room." Krishna Yeshwant, a partner at GV. GV At the same time, Turner and Weinberg were traveling to cancer care centers around the country, shadowing doctors and finding out what it's really like to be both a patient and a physician in cancer care. Turner estimates that they traveled to more than 50 centers in cities like Greenville, South Carolina; Jacksonville, Florida; and Rutgers, New Jersey.  "A lot of time when people start companies, especially in oncology or clinical medicine, they spend time in the big academic centers and they forget that 80% to 90% of the care of patients is delivered in community oncology centers," Yeshwant told Business Insider. "Those are often places that would be considered flyover country — they’re not in the big cities. Nat and Zach went to those places and they realized the complexity. I think to them, to some degree, the complexity was an advantage." Yeshwant says that the fact that neither founder had a background in healthcare was a selling point to him. Since he's a physician, a lot of the healthcare startups are sent in his direction, but most of the time, entrepreneurs get scared off by the complexity and the amount of capital it would take to start a company in that field.  Yeshwant ended up leading both Flatiron Health's Series A and Series B rounds — $8 million and $130 million respectively. The company remains GV's biggest investment ever, second only to Uber.  'A profoundly exciting area' Yeshwant is confident that if Flatiron Health stays focused on oncology — an industry he says is " going through an amazing renaissance right now" — the company could become massively successful. "We’re developing and understanding the biology behind cancer that’s letting us really develop treatments that are working — and potentially cures down the line," Yeshwant said. "If all Flatiron ever does is touch some part of oncology, it has the potential to be a tens of billions, or hundreds of billions-size company. Oncology alone is the size of the advertising industry, if not larger." In January, the company raised a $175 million Series C round, led by Roche Pharmaceuticals. Flatiron's most recent valuation is around $1.2 billion (up from a previous reported valuation of $983 million.) But Turner seems focused on something much simpler than becoming a billion-dollar company at the moment:  "We just want science to move faster in cancer."   SEE ALSO: A cancer startup just raised $175 million from a pharmaceutical giant, and it could be where the industry is headed NOW WATCH: A mysterious cloud moving 700,000 mph is going to collide with our galaxy — here's what will happen Loading video... More: Flatiron Health Google Alphabet Google Ventures GV Cancer Research facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What it's like when Alphabet's venture arm invests in your startup — and helps grow it to a $1.2 billion company What it's like when Alphabet's venture arm invests in your startup — and helps grow it to a $1.2 billion company After a year of working at Google, Nat Turner... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X EU to order Google to halt payments to smartphone makers Antitrust regulators warn tech giant of fine over incentives for installing Google Search Sun, Oct 2, 2016, 14:42 The EU competition enforcer said it planned to tell Google to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Play Store with Google Search. Photograph: Eric Gaillard/Reuters         European Union antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the US technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google’s Play Store with Google Search. Competing systems The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google “cannot punish or threaten” companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The commission’s investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. “The commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence,” it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob’s in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: “We look forward to showing the European Commission that we’ve designed the Android model in a way that’s good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region.” ADVERTISEMENT Possible fine Separately, the commission, which has also charged Google of favouring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google’s operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. – (Reuters)       Topics: Eu European Commission Google Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent again Work Pre-meetings key to successful meetings on contentious issues English Soccer Liberation! Eden Hazard talks about the new Chelsea under Antonio Conte Business Fold-away €5 bike helmet wins Dyson award Sponsored Designing the F-Pace: the story of Jaguar's best-seller HR managers need a simplified approach to pensions World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business UK housebuilders find lenders more cautious after Brexit vote 13:58 Hammond faces tricky juggling act in first autumn statement 13:49 Draghi warns against giving Central Bank powers to cap mortgage rates 13:40 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent again 13:16 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up 13:11 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest landlord: ‘I feel bad for the Irish people’ 2 Public sector pay rises? We can’t afford them 3 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up 4 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent again 5 ‘Punitive’ tax code may see Ireland bypassed after Brexit 6 Donald Trump victory triggers surge in jobseeking in Ireland 7 Donald Trump’s team reveals surprising lack of global business knowledge 8 May’s changing vocabulary signals shift from ‘hard Brexit’ 9 Draghi warns against giving Central Bank powers to cap mortgage rates 10 Post-Brexit slump may be over as sterling rises for third week Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 18/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home Industry Tech ‘Made by Google’: Here’s what to expect at Pixel launch event on October 4 ‘Made by Google’: Here’s what to expect at Pixel launch event on October 4 Google Pixel launch: After Apple's grand event in San Francisco last month, its time for Google to show off its products. In a move, very unlikely of the tech giant, it is going to present a major event in San Francisco on October 4. By: Sumit Chakraborty | Updated: October 3, 2016 5:44 PM Google Pixel launch: When the anticipated Nexus 7 tablet was launched at a Google event in San Francisco, California, in 2013. (Picture: Reuters) After Apple’s grand event in San Francisco last month, its time for Google to show off its products. In a move, very unlikely of the tech giant, it is going to present a major event in San Francisco on October 4. Based on various reports and rumours, some of the products that the company may unveil can be expected, but the thing which has the maximum possibility is that it will be a majorly hardware specific launch event. Apart from the new Chromecast, the new virtual assistant, a router, Amazon echo rival, the most notable announcement that is expected to be at the Google launch is the brand new smartphone. Google has already planned to ditch the Nexus brand of smartphones and instead bring out the new Pixel. As Google is all set to make some major hardware announcements on October 4, consumers can still see some signs of the changes and guess what to expect. Google has an annual ritual of announcing its flagship smartphones, yet this year appears to be distinct. Google in an enigmatic new advertisement had shown a box, devoid of context which metamorphosised into a rectangular shape symbolising a smartphone alongside the Google logo and ‘Oct 4’ written. Apart from that, Google is expected to unwrap its latest Andromeda OS which is a hybrid of Android and Chrome OS. Google has done something which it has never done when it comes to hardware, present a very aggressive marketing strategy, by its ‘Made by Google’ logo. Here are a few things we can expect at the October 4 launch event: Pixel smartphones: Pixel and Pixel XL, if launched will undeniably be the superstars of the evening. There have been numerous rumours doing the rounds about Google’s new branded smartphones since a long time, and it remains to be seen how many such amazing tech can it pack in them. Pixel will replace Google’s long-standing Nexus program, and it will be produced with Google’s name itself, unlike nexus which was produced by other smartphone manufacturers. Both the smartphones are expected to come in different sizes, somewhere around 5 to 5.5 inches. These phones should be powered by the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, 1080p or quad HD displays. Cameras should be a minimum of 12 MP. Add to it the new technology of fingerprint scanners and bigger batteries. These features will be seen much before they can be seen in any other premium Android models. When it comes to body and design, Google will leave no stones unturned to make a smartphone with a great build. Apart from this great hardware, Google will also unveil the latest operating system called the Android Nougat 7.0. The only hitch in these phones is the pricing. With an expected price of $649, Pixel smartphones may be a disappointment to many as this kind of pricing is in the range of top models of other brands. Also read | ‘Made by Google’ Teaser: What the latest theatrical video means for Google’s Nexus to Pixel branding Andromeda: On the software front, it is quite possible that the biggest unveiling will be called Andromeda. Google’s Andromeda OS has been long-rumoured. It is a hybrid of Android and Chrome OS, is expected to be unveiled, finally. With Hiroshi Lockheimer, Senior VP of Android, Google Play and Chrome, tweeting that, “We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we’ll be talking about Oct 4, 2016.” it seems to have become even clearer. Also read | As smartphone wars rage on, here’s how iOS 10 fares against Android Nougat 7 Google HOME: Google, according to rumours, has apparently been preparing its own variant of a smart-home device similar to Amazon’s Echo. The product was announced at the I/O in May this year. During the event, one can expect the dates and information regarding the product launch to be announced. According to rumours, the product will be launched at a price of $ 129, which is much lesser than Amazon’s Echo. Chromecast Ultra The Chromecast Ultra priced at $69, is a small streaming dongle with the support of 4K video and HDR. The new update of the CHromecast though costly is understandable with its improved features. Google Wi-Fi Google is reportedly going to release a new router with the option of simple mesh network attributes. Multiple routers being set up at a place, is not a novel idea, yet with new technology it is getting even more simplified, and with Google joining the party, it sure is going to turn some heads. OnHub routers, which was a famous product of Google, though will enter an unknown territory, which Google Wi-Fi launches, along with smart home features. It is expected that the cost will be around the same as that of Google Home. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Opposition wants PM Modi to reply, Govt hopes to buy time for cash crunch to ease Demonetisation: Kerala estate workers go without pay, owners warn of food crisis Let farmers buy seeds with old notes, says Agriculture Minister; Finance says no Demonetisation: Sharp surge in demand for card-swipe machines Roll back or face unrest: Arvind Kejriwal, Mamata Banerjee to Govt Marrakech Climate Change Conference: Global warming a matter of urgent priority Home Lifestyle Books US internet users avid readers of books on Mahatma Gandhi US internet users avid readers of books on Mahatma Gandhi According to a Google Analytics report of website www.mkgandhi.org, majority of online readers or researchers on Mahatma Gandhi belong to India, while the US comes at the second place By: PTI | Mumbai | Published:October 2, 2016 6:44 pm In the last six years, there have been over 10 million downloads of e-books, out of which Indians had over six million downloads while 2.5 million downloads came from the US Internet users in the United States at the second spot on the list of readers of books and writings on Mahatma Gandhi, even though he never visited America in his lifetime, showed a analytics report of a prominent website on the Father of the Nation. According to a Google Analytics report of website www.mkgandhi.org, majority of online readers or researchers on Mahatma Gandhi belong to India, while the US comes at the second place in terms of page viewing, downloading, e-book reading and downloading, designer of the website, Rajesh Shinde said referring to the findings. Google Analytics is a ‘freemium’ web analytics service that tracks and reports website traffic. The United Nations has declared Mahatma Gandhi’s birth anniversary as International Non-violence Day, being observed today the world over. Launched in 1998, http://www.mkgandhi.org is a comprehensive website by Gandhian institutions, operated and updated by city-based trust Bombay Sarvodaya Mandal, which works to promote and spread the work by and on Mahatma Gandhi through seminars, workshops, meetings, youth camps among others. The website comes at the first place in the search results on Google, out of the 11,90,00,000 results, Shinde said. “The real time analysis of the online presence of the readers shows that the content of Gandhi or by Gandhi, are read and downloaded in all the 204 countries across the globe and netizens in the US always come to second after India,” he said. Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened Demonetisation: Exchange Limit Reduced To Rs 2000 From Nov 18 “In the last six years, there have been over 10 million downloads of e-books, out of which Indians had over six million downloads while 2.5 million downloads came from the US,” he added. “As per the report, on average annual basis, users from Pakistan varies from 18th to 20th position, which reflects the significance of the freedom fighter in that country,” Mandal’s managing trustee Tulsidas Somaiya said. He said seeing the popularity of digital era, especially mobile apps, the mandal has started converting more than 150 books related to Mahatma Gandhi into e-books supporting epub, pdf and mobi domains. According to web statistics report for the portal for the month of September, the most searched and researched topics on Gandhi are Mind of Mahatma Gandhi, India Dreams, Story of My life, Handbook of Peace and Conflict Studies and The Murder of Mahatma, Somaiya said. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Publication of daily papers halted in Imphal German teen accused of copy editing Islamic State propaganda Sen. Jeff Sessions, Rep. Mike Pompeo picked by Donald Trump for top jobs Arvind Kejriwal to address 21 rallies in Punjab Haryana to re-engage retired teachers in schools                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back US internet users avid readers of books on Mahatma Gandhi Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 02, 2016 05:07 PM IST Internet users in the United States at the second spot on the list of readers of books and writings on Mahatma Gandhi, even though he never visited America in his lifetime, showed a analytics report of a prominent website on the Father of the Nation. According to a Google Analytics report of website www.Mkgandhi.Org, majority of online readers or researchers on Mahatma Gandhi belong to India, while the US comes at the second place in terms of page viewing, downloading, e-book reading and downloading, designer of the website, Rajesh Shinde said referring to the findings. Google Analytics is a 'freemium' web analytics service that tracks and reports website traffic. The United Nations has declared Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary as International Non-violence Day, being observed today the world over. Launched in 1998, www.Mkgandhi.Org is a comprehensive website by Gandhian institutions, operated and updated by city-based trust Bombay Sarvodaya Mandal, which works to promote and spread the work by and on Mahatma Gandhi through seminars, workshops, meetings, youth camps among others. The website comes at the first place in the search results on Google, out of the 11,90,00,000 results, Shinde said. "The real time analysis of the online presence of the readers shows that the content of Gandhi or by Gandhi, are read and downloaded in all the 204 countries across the globe and netizens in the US always come to second after India," he said. "In the last six years, there have been over 10 million downloads of e-books, out of which Indians had over six million downloads while 2.5 million downloads came from the US," he added. "As per the report, on average annual basis, users from Pakistan varies from 18th to 20th position, which reflects the significance of the freedom fighter in that country," Mandal's managing trustee Tulsidas Somaiya said. He said seeing the popularity of digital era, especially mobile apps, the mandal has started converting more than 150 books related to Mahatma Gandhi into e-books supporting epub, pdf and mobi domains. According to web statistics report for the portal for the month of September, the most searched and researched topics on Gandhi are Mind of Mahatma Gandhi, India Dreams, Story of My life, Handbook of Peace and Conflict Studies and The Murder of Mahatma, Somaiya said. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Decoding the big ATM problem: India just doesn't have enough engineers for the job Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance TomTom launches fitness tracker and watch range in India More From Current Affairs NHAI to eliminate all level crossings on NH corridors Poll for six Maha MLC seats tomorrow; NCP aims to hurt Cong Indians off to mixed start at Youth Boxing World C'ships Bhutanese currency in use in some border areas of North-East APSC chairman remanded in 14 days judicial custody [ more ] Top Stories Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Home Ministry issues notification on banning Zakir Naik's NGO: Key takeaways SC rejects Centre's stand on reconsideration of judicial recommendations T N Ninan: Our post-truths [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth Youngsters should pursue more research in maths: Narayana Murthy Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Pellet maker KIOCL to acquire 51% stake in Odisha PSU Idcol [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Over 8,100 wilful defaulters owe Rs 76,685 cr to banks 15 rail projects facing hurdles over forest clearances GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs RBI issues Small Finance Bank license to ESAF East coast economic corridor to cover Odisha [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIKtfQ Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close NRL Cronulla defeat Storm to break 50-year NRL grand final hoodoo - as it happened Cronulla 14-12 Melbourne at ANZ Stadium as the Sharks finally triumph Match report: Cronulla Sharks break their 50-year hoodoo Updated Cronulla Sharks players celebrate with the NRL premiership trophy after their 14-12 win over Melbourne Storm in the 2016 NRL grand final. Photograph: Mark Kolbe/Getty Images Paul Connolly @PFConnolly Sunday 2 October 2016 07.08 EDT Last modified on Monday 10 October 2016 21.28 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 6.30am EDT 06:30 Fulltime: Melbourne 12-14 Cronulla 6.43am EDT 06:43 Luke Lewis wins the Clive Churchill 6.12am EDT 06:12 70 min: Possible try to Fifita! 6.05am EDT 06:05 Try! Melbourne 10-8 Cronulla (Chambers 65) 6.14am EDT 06:14 Conversion! Melbourne 12-14 Cronulla (Maloney) 6.13am EDT 06:13 Try! Melbourne 12-12 Cronulla (Fifita 70) 6.06am EDT 06:06 Conversion! Melbourne 12-8 Cronulla (Smith 66) Live feed Show 7.08am EDT 07:08 That’s 2016 done and dusted, folks. The Sharks are premiers. It’ll take a while to get used to the sound of that. Thanks for your eyeballs. They were round. Cheerio and good night. Here’s Sam Perry’s match report: The Sharks get their hands on the trophy. Photograph: Mark Kolbe/Getty Images Cronulla Sharks beat Melbourne to break 50-year NRL premiership drought | Sam Perry Read more Updated at 7.08am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.00am EDT 07:00 And now Gallen takes to the stage. He polarises opinion, for good reason, but you can’t say he hasn’t given his all for his club. And they love him for it. Gallen signed for the Sharks in 1999. Seventeen years later he made his first grand final. And made the most of it. Good things come to those who wait. Gallen congratulates “Cameron” and the “terrific Storm” side, one that “just kept coming”. “To our boys, our coaching staff, thanks for the year. To all the boys, we’ve played for each other all year. To all you fan, you’ve waited 50 years for this! For all you former players, blokes like ET, guys who busted their backsides for the club and never got to enjoy a moment like this, I hope you enjoy it. To all you people back in the Shire, turn your porch lights off cause we’re coming home with the trophy!” Gallen hoists the trophy, his teammates pile in, and confetti rains from the sky. The drought has well and truly broken. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.54am EDT 06:54 Tim Barrow (@TheBarrow) BREAKING: Exclusive picture taken from North Cronulla Beach. Reports he ordered schooner at Northies. More to come. #NRLGF #upupcronulla pic.twitter.com/FStplQ3mis October 2, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.53am EDT 06:53 The Sharks players come up one by one to accept their winners’ medals and the overwhelming contingent of Sharks supporters —who haven’t left early to beat the traffic— give each one a mighty roar. And here’s Matt Prior, a journeyman forward who is now a dual premiership winner (having won one with the Dragons in 2010). More premierships than Matt Rogers has Matt Prior. Sport does your head in sometimes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.49am EDT 06:49 Sharks coach Shane Flanagan takes the stage where he’s embraced by Andrew Ettingshausen and congratulated by NRL CEO Todd Greenberg. “Premiership winning coach!” the announcer says and Flanagan can’t help but pump his fists. Could he ever have envisaged this moment in 2014 when he was suspended from club duties after the much talked about supplements scandal that all but tore Cronulla in two? It’s incredible that he is here now, on this stage, alongside his premiership-winning team. Updated at 6.50am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.46am EDT 06:46 Cameron Smith is called to the dais and a few boos ring out, but they seem to be drowned out by applause. He starts by congratulating the Sharks. He must be very disappointed. His team won the minor premiership and, their defence aside, they never really clicked in this game. But still they could have won it which speaks volumes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.43am EDT 06:43 Luke Lewis wins the Clive Churchill The presentations have begun and the first act is to announce the Clive Churchill Medal winner for man of the match. It’s veteran backrower Luke Lewis, who won a premiership with Penrith in 2003. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.39am EDT 06:39 Sharks captain Paul Gallen, now a bonafide Cronulla immortal, is lifted from the ground by Andrew Johns. He has tears in his eyes. “I can’t tell you how proud I am of these blokes,” he says, choking back sobs. “What they did tonight! Oh my God! They’re the best blokes. So good. I can believe it because of the hard work we’ve put in but to do this! I’m so happy, I’m so proud.” Michael Ennis has a go but is barely coherent: “I thought we were ‘gorn’ when Chambers scored. But Fifita, Fifita! I can’t believe it! We created a heap of chances. The Storm are champions, they just recover, recover, recover.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.33am EDT 06:33 Some classy words from the losing captain, Cameron Smith: “I think everyone that follows rugby league has to be happy for the Sharks. They’ve waited a long time for this. It would have been nice to win tonight and it won’t take away the bitter disappointment we all feel, but I’m happy for the Sharks and all of their fans that they get a premiership.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.30am EDT 06:30 Fulltime: Melbourne 12-14 Cronulla The crowd have gone Herbie Goes Bananas while Ennis, Gallen, Lewis and Co. bawl and whoop and holler. After 50 years Cronulla finally have something to put in their trophy cabinet. “Up, Up, Cronulla” reverberates around the stadium! Credit to the Storm. What a defensive effort, what spirit to not just stay in the game but hit the lead. The Sharks celebrate victory. Photograph: Ryan Pierse/Getty Images Joy and relief – it’s their first ever title and boy did they earn it. Photograph: Cameron Spencer/Getty Images Wade Graham (centre), Sosaia Feki (left) and Chris Heighington embrace. Photograph: Paul Miller/AAP Updated at 6.55am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.28am EDT 06:28 80 min: But he’s dragged to ground and that’s it! The Sharks have won it! Turn the porch light off! Harold Holt is home! Okay, he’s not. But turn the porch light off! It doesn’t matter any more! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.27am EDT 06:27 79 min: Oh my goodness, what a final minute! The Storm work their way 70m down field, Koroibete and Vunivalu making huge inroads. The refuse to be tackled. It’s offload after offload and they wind ever closer to the Sharks’ line. Just when they appear to be through the line closes. And finally, it finds Koroibete who races over the 10m line after the hooter sounds... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.24am EDT 06:24 79 min: Townsend finds touch as the clock enters the final minute. The Storm will feed the scrum inside their own 20m. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.23am EDT 06:23 78 min: Chambers is running out but he kicks inside for himself and regathers. He takes the tackle but missed Cronk unmarked on his inside! Cronk would have scored. The Storm then shift it left and play hot potato, but they can’t fashion a break. So it’s a grubber but it runs dead! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.21am EDT 06:21 76 min: Four minutes for the Sharks to hang on. And on the last, Cronk scythes Maloney down before he gets a kick away. But the Storm are on their own 10m line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.20am EDT 06:20 75 min: Maloney’s drop-kick sails over the halfway line, and on the second tackle Bromwich knocks on! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.19am EDT 06:19 75 min: An ordinary Storm set ends in an ordinary Cronk kick. But the Sharks allow it to bounce and it bounces into the in-goal, past Barba who is beaten by the leg break. But he recovers to bat the ball dead ahead of Chambers! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.17am EDT 06:17 73 min: The Storm go the short side inside the Sharks’ 20m but Cronk’s kick is caught beautifully by Bird. Mark Waugh would have been pleased with that. Moments later, however, Maloney kicks out on the full. His only false step all night. Melbourne to come again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.15am EDT 06:15 72 min: Luke Lewis cops a shoulder to the head. His head didn’t need that. In profile he looks like a boxer with far too many unsuccessful rounds under his belt. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.14am EDT 06:14 Conversion! Melbourne 12-14 Cronulla (Maloney) He doesn’t miss and the Sharks have poked their noses in front. Ten minutes between them and their first premiership. Can they do it? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.13am EDT 06:13 Try! Melbourne 12-12 Cronulla (Fifita 70) Yes, it’s a try all right, and the Sharks will go ahead unless Maloney misses from right in front. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.12am EDT 06:12 70 min: Possible try to Fifita! Ennis finds Fifita on the charge and he manages to keep the ball in one mitt amid four tacklers. He spins, he drives, he reaches out and seems to have planted the ball cleanly! Michael Ennis leaps into the air as Andrew Fifita somehow gets the ball down between the posts. Photograph: Matt King/Getty Images Updated at 6.24am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.10am EDT 06:10 68 min: On the fifth tackle, 10m out and in front, Christian Welch flops on top of Townsend who was already well tackled. D.U.M.B. The Sharks don’t, of course, take the certain two points. They’ll run it... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.08am EDT 06:08 67 min: The Storm won this year’s minor premiership on the back of their defence, one that conceded a mere 12.5 points a game. Could that same defence be about to win them their third premiership crown? Not yet. Penalty to Cronulla for holding down and Townsend kicks for touch. Cronulla to begin a set on the Storm’s 40m. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.06am EDT 06:06 Conversion! Melbourne 12-8 Cronulla (Smith 66) Smith pops it over and yes, the game HAS turned on its head. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.05am EDT 06:05 Try! Melbourne 10-8 Cronulla (Chambers 65) And the Storm are ahead for the first time tonight! From 20m out, in midfield, Cronk passes right to Hampton to Chambers and, after taking a bump from Beale, Chambers recalibrates and continues running, slicing through two tacklers to dive over! William Chambers puts the Storm ahead. Photograph: Mark Kolbe/Getty Images Chambers celebrates with his team mates. Photograph: Ryan Pierse/Getty Images Updated at 6.18am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.03am EDT 06:03 A packed crowd at ANZ Stadium as the Storm fight their way back into the match. Photograph: Cameron Spencer/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.03am EDT 06:03 63 min: This will help the Storm. Townsend, looking for touch, I think, grubbers the ball dead from 35m. As good as the Storm’s defence has been, the Sharks’ attack has looked, dare I say, a little toothless. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.02am EDT 06:02 61 min: Barba weaves dangerously and gets the Sharks on the attack again. On the last Maloney goes left with a cut-out to Leutele but Vunivalu cleans up a short kick and the Storm survive another Shark attack. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.59am EDT 05:59 60 min: And again the Storm hold firm. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.59am EDT 05:59 Valentine Holmes of the Sharks. Photograph: Mark Kolbe/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.59am EDT 05:59 59 min: Cheyse Blair catches a Maloney kick centimetres inside the field of play and Luke Lewis drags him to ground in the in-goal. Another Storm drop-out, but another Sharks set where they didn’t really look like breaking the Storm line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.57am EDT 05:57 57 min: Making the most of their seven tackles (due to Smith kicking dead) the Sharks run it deep and the Storm can only knock on a Maloney cross-field kick close to their own line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.55am EDT 05:55 55 min: The Storm are gathering momentum now, making good metres in attack. On the last, from midfield and 20m out, Cameron Smith picks up from dummy half and kicks the ball dead with no Storm player in sight. That’s the kind of boo-boo Smith doesn’t tend to make. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.54am EDT 05:54 54 min: Barba flies high to take a Cronk kick on his own 20m. He, Feki and Holmes have been wonderful tonight. Play is stopped as Bukuya is being treated for a head knock, the result of an awkward attempt at tackling Proctor. He’s going off and won’t be off, allowing Tagataese to get on the park. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.51am EDT 05:51 53 min: Has the game now turned on it’s head? The Storm are up in the Sharks’ faces as the Shiremen try to run it out from their own line. The Sharks’ set ends with Leutele left-footing it downfield where Munster picks it up in his own 10m. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.50am EDT 05:50 Conversion! Melbourne 6-8 Cronulla (Smith 51) What a boost that try will be for Melbourne. Smashed all game and now, after Smith’s successful conversion, they’re just two down. They’ll have a spring in their sprigs now. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.48am EDT 05:48 Try! Melbourne 4-8 Cronulla (Bromwich 50) Yes he does, despite three tacklers on him. Jesse Bromwich of the Storm scores a try. Photograph: David Moir/AAP Updated at 6.05am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.48am EDT 05:48 50 min: A McLean charge is halted centimetres from the line. From the play-the-ball Jesse Bromwich hits it up, spins at the line, and appears to get the ball down in traffic! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.46am EDT 05:46 48 min: An awful grubber from Townsend, intended for his outside backs, gifts the ball to a relieved Storm on their 20m. Hmm. The Sharks aren’t applying the killer touch just yet. Will they? And now another penalty to the Storm. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.45am EDT 05:45 Kevin Proctor of the Storm takes on the defence. Photograph: Matt King/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.45am EDT 05:45 47 min: Chambers is penalised for lifting the tackled player above the horizontal and Maloney, taking the kick for touch, takes play over the half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.44am EDT 05:44 46 min: And though the Storm do get deep into Sharks’ territory two poor kicks by Cronk don’t help matters for the men in purple. He’s been unusually ineffective tonight, Cronk, though the Sharks are applying a lot of pressure when he gets the ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.42am EDT 05:42 44 min: The Sharks aren’t trying anything too expansive —though perhaps they should be by now. Another of their sets —this one ended with a poor Ennis kick— is foiled by more excellent Storm defence. And here’s penalty to the Storm to give them a fast track out of their own half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 3 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics NRL Cronulla Sharks Melbourne Storm Australia sport Rugby league Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › NRL Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Internet News / EU could fine Google over alleged Android anti-trust violation EU could fine Google over alleged Android anti-trust violation by Ben Woods 02 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments EU regulators have been looking into the business practices of Google around its Android OS and are reportedly due to order the company to change the way it works with OEMs and slap it with a fine in the coming week. According to Reuters, the European Commusion has produced a 150 page document laying out why the EC feels Google has abused its dominant position, which was initiated by a complaint from a roup known as FairSearch. In a nutshell, the issue comes down to the way in which Google provides monetary incentives (up-front payments or discounts) to manufacturers that agree to install Google Play Store with Google Search on the devices by default. Obviously, given that Google's primary business is selling ads, having its core app on every Android device is solid start. It's been doing this for more than five and a half years. The Commission is due to reveal its findings in the coming week, and is said to be prepping a significant fine for Google for its last five years of activity. This could be based on things like Search revenue, Play Store purchases or other in-app advertising methods, but will likely be punitive to discourage Google (or any other companies) from doing similar things in future. It's also likely that Europe will tell Google that it isn't allowed to punish (or threaten) companies that don't agree to install its services and apps as standard. Related: EU vs Google: 3 reasons why EU just declared war on Android Watch: Android N Hands-On Does pre-installing Google apps on its own OS sound unfair to you? Let us know in the comments below! 0 shares Read Comments toboev October 2, 2016, 7:19 pm Any sign that they will do the same to Apple for only allowing its own app store on its devices, etc? How about printer manufacturers who take steps to make it difficult for others to supply ink cartidges? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
Home India news US internet users avid readers of books on Mahatma Gandhi US internet users avid readers of books on Mahatma Gandhi The United Nations has declared Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary as International Non-violence Day, being observed today the world over. By: PTI | Published: October 2, 2016 5:12 PM According to web statistics report for the portal for the month of September, the most searched and researched topics on Gandhi are Mind of Mahatma Gandhi, India Dreams, Story of My life, Handbook of Peace and Conflict Studies and The Murder of Mahatma, Somaiya said. (Reuters) Internet users in the United States at the second spot on the list of readers of books and writings on Mahatma Gandhi, even though he never visited America in his lifetime, showed a analytics report of a prominent website on the Father of the Nation. According to a Google Analytics report of website www.mkgandhi.org, majority of online readers or researchers on Mahatma Gandhi belong to India, while the US comes at the second place in terms of page viewing, downloading, e-book reading and downloading, designer of the website, Rajesh Shinde said referring to the findings. Google Analytics is a ‘freemium’ web analytics service that tracks and reports website traffic. The United Nations has declared Mahatma Gandhi’s birth anniversary as International Non-violence Day, being observed today the world over. Launched in 1998, www.mkgandhi.org is a comprehensive website by Gandhian institutions, operated and updated by city-based trust Bombay Sarvodaya Mandal, which works to promote and spread the work by and on Mahatma Gandhi through seminars, workshops, meetings, youth camps among others. The website comes at the first place in the search results on Google, out of the 11,90,00,000 results, Shinde said. “The real time analysis of the online presence of the readers shows that the content of Gandhi or by Gandhi, are read and downloaded in all the 204 countries across the globe and netizens in the US always come to second after India,” he said. “In the last six years, there have been over 10 million downloads of e-books, out of which Indians had over six million downloads while 2.5 million downloads came from the US,” he added. “As per the report, on average annual basis, users from Pakistan varies from 18th to 20th position, which reflects the significance of the freedom fighter in that country,” Mandal’s managing trustee Tulsidas Somaiya said. He said seeing the popularity of digital era, especially mobile apps, the mandal has started converting more than 150 books related to Mahatma Gandhi into e-books supporting epub, pdf and mobi domains. According to web statistics report for the portal for the month of September, the most searched and researched topics on Gandhi are Mind of Mahatma Gandhi, India Dreams, Story of My life, Handbook of Peace and Conflict Studies and The Murder of Mahatma, Somaiya said. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 How iPhone sales correlate with Google search results Jim Edwards Oct. 2, 2016, 7:20 AM 4,118 facebook linkedin twitter email print Enric Fradera/Flickr (CC) Google search trends can be used to predict growth in iPhone sales, and search volume for iPhone 7 suggests Apple is poised for a sales increase, according to two analysts at Longbow Research. Longbow's Shawn Harrison and Frank Carson rate AAPL a "buy" with a $140 price target, based in part on their tracking of Google search interest around the launches of new iPhones. Interest in iPhone 7 is "close" to that showed for iPhone 6 — Apple's biggest ever product launch — they say. That's a contrast to many of their colleagues, who for months have been predicting further declines in iPhone sales because iPhone 7 looked like an unexciting improvement on the existing product that many users might decide to skip until next year. Bernstein is calling for a 5% decline in units sold in the December quarter, and Credit Suisse thinks there may be a decline of up tp 7% for the year. Barclays recently removed Apple from its "top pick" list — where it had been for a year. But they might be wrong, according to the Longbow team: "Google search trends for the iPhone 7 remain well ahead of the iPhone 6s while tracking closer to the iPhone 6 launch. Google iPhone searches are correlated to iPhone shipments (R = 0.79) and predictive of future shipments (R2 = 0.63)." "... We reviewed the period 5 days preceding the new iPhone announcement event and the 11 days post. The iPhone 7 is off to a better start vs. the iPhone 6s and tracking closer to the iPhone 6, but the staying power of demand remains the unknown." Here is what that looks like in a chart. Not shown on the graph is Q4 2016, when iPhone 7 sales will be disclosed. Longbow's prediction is that the black line representing search will shoot skyward the way it did for iPhone 6, and sales for iPhone 7 will match: Longbow Research iPhone 7 had much better search action than even the blockbuster iPhone 6, Longbow says: iPhone 7 vs. iPhone 6s: 5 days leading up to the CY16 announcement, the iPhone 7 averaged 40 search results for every 10 of the iPhone 6s. On the day of the announcement, the iPhone 7 averaged 228 search results for every 10 of the iPhone 6s. 11 days post, the iPhone 7 averaged 36-167 search results for every 10 of the iPhone 6s. iPhone 7 vs. iPhone 6: 5 days leading up to the CY16 announcement date, the iPhone 7 averaged roughly 20 search results for every 10 of the iPhone 6. On the day of the announcement, the iPhone 7 averaged 114 search results for every 10 of the iPhone 6. 11 days post, the iPhone 7 averaged 21-100 search results for every 10 of the iPhone 6. It's interesting stuff but not a slam-dunk case. A UBS analysis of search results recently showed the opposite: That searches indicated declining interest in iPhone 7. NOW WATCH: An exercise scientist reveals how often and for how long you should work out to see real results Loading video... More: iPhone 7 Google facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How iPhone sales correlate with Google search results How iPhone sales correlate with Google search results Google search trends can be used to predict... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null

Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. 4K HDR Televisions for Every Budget, From $500 to $130K subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Tim Moynihan. Tim Moynihan Gear Date of Publication: 10.02.16. 10.02.16 Time of Publication: 6:15 am. 6:15 am 4K HDR Televisions for Every Budget, From $500 to $130K You can piece together a solid home-theater setup for just $500. That’s insane. What’s even more insane is that you can get one of the best acronym combinations in the TV world for the same price: A 4K HDR TV. This latest upgrade in resolution boasts four times as many pixels as an HDTV. With the right content, it translates to a noticeably sharper picture. HDR is probably more important for overall picture quality. Using powerful backlight systems, screen-dimming technologies, and specially mastered content, HDR enhances the set’s contrast to give you a more lifelike picture. A year ago, any kind of 4K HDR TV would set you back at least a grand. Right now, $500 gets you into the game, and there are several solid options under $1,500. You can also get your hands on an even more sought-after combination of acronyms—a 4K HDR OLED TV—starting at $2,500. Here’s what various piles of money will get into your living room. $500 Hisense H8 (50 inches) Don’t expect the sun-bright backlight system and wider color gamut of pricier HDR sets, but this full-array, local-dimming Hisense LCD set is one hell of a deal. For HDR, it only supports HDR10-encoded content instead of both HDR10 and Dolby Vision—but that’s still enough to play back most Netflix, Amazon, and Blu-ray HDR videos available today. There’s also a 55-inch model for only $600. Credit: Highsense Don't expect the sun-bright backlight system and wider color gamut of pricier HDR sets, but this full-array, local-dimming Hisense LCD set is one hell of a deal. For HDR, it only supports HDR10-encoded content instead of both HDR10 and Dolby Vision—but that's still enough to play back most Netflix, Amazon, and Blu-ray HDR videos available today. There's also a 55-inch model for only $600. $1,000 Vizio M Series (55 inches) Vizio’s M Series has long represented an incredible amount of bang for the buck, and the 2016 sets in the series up the ante even further. Along with HDR playback that supports both HDR10 and Dolby Vision, these sets come with their own Chromecasting tablets. Google Cast features are built right in, and you can sling stuff from any mobile device to the big screen. Credit: Vizio Vizio's M Series has long represented an incredible amount of bang for the buck, and the 2016 sets in the series up the ante even further. Along with HDR playback that supports both HDR10 and Dolby Vision, these sets come with their own Chromecasting tablets. Google Cast features are built right in, and you can sling stuff from any mobile device to the big screen. $1,300 Vizio P Series (55 inches) For a few hundred dollars more, you can get a 55-inch screen in Vizio’s higher-end P-series lineup. Those extra C-notes go toward a brighter backlight system and more granular local dimming than the M series. The P series also has better motion-handling, more HDMI inputs than its cheaper stablemate, and a nicer tablet for your Chromecasting needs. Credit: Vizio For a few hundred dollars more, you can get a 55-inch screen in Vizio's higher-end P-series lineup. Those extra C-notes go toward a brighter backlight system and more granular local dimming than the M series. The P series also has better motion-handling, more HDMI inputs than its cheaper stablemate, and a nicer tablet for your Chromecasting needs. $1,500 Samsung UN65KU7000 (65 inches) A couple more Benjamins gets you a bigger screen and gorgeous industrial design, in the form of Samsung’s 65-inch KU7000 TV. The clever design touches extend beyond its classy frame: You can use this set as a control center for all your smart-home devices, and its slick remote can be used to control any components plugged into the TV. It only does HDR10, though. Credit: Samsung A couple more Benjamins gets you a bigger screen and gorgeous industrial design, in the form of Samsung's 65-inch KU7000 TV. The clever design touches extend beyond its classy frame: You can use this set as a control center for all your smart-home devices, and its slick remote can be used to control any components plugged into the TV. It only does HDR10, though. $1,700 Sony X930D (55 inches) Another design standout, Sony’s 55-inch X930 set has a super-slim bezel and a 1.4-inch-deep frame. That slim profile comes at a price: Unlike most other HDR-compatible sets, it uses an edge-lit LED backlight system instead of a full-array system. It only does HDR10 content, but it does have Android TV built into it—as well as Google Cast features similar to Vizio’s sets. Credit: Sony Another design standout, Sony's 55-inch X930 set has a super-slim bezel and a 1.4-inch-deep frame. That slim profile comes at a price: Unlike most other HDR-compatible sets, it uses an edge-lit LED backlight system instead of a full-array system. It only does HDR10 content, but it does have Android TV built into it—as well as Google Cast features similar to Vizio's sets. $2,000 Vizio P Series (65 inches) Two grand gets you Vizio’s 65-inch P series model, and the benefits are clear. It does both HDR10 and Dolby Vision, it has 128 zones of local dimming to complement its 600-nit full-array backlight system, and it comes with that nifty tablet that doubles as a remote control. Credit: Vizio Two grand gets you Vizio's 65-inch P series model, and the benefits are clear. It does both HDR10 and Dolby Vision, it has 128 zones of local dimming to complement its 600-nit full-array backlight system, and it comes with that nifty tablet that doubles as a remote control. $2,500 LG B6 OLED 4K HDR TV (55 inches) Here’s where things go next-level. Practically everyone who has laid eyes on an OLED TV has fallen in love with it. A 4K HDR OLED? That represents the ultimate combination of resolution, contrast, and oil-slick blacks. This is LG’s most “affordable” model that combines everything on that list. $2,500 may sound expensive, but consider the fact that a plain old 1080p OLED TV cost $15,000 a few years ago. Credit: LG Here's where things go next-level. Practically everyone who has laid eyes on an OLED TV has fallen in love with it. A 4K HDR OLED? That represents the ultimate combination of resolution, contrast, and oil-slick blacks. This is LG's most "affordable" model that combines everything on that list. $2,500 may sound expensive, but consider the fact that a plain old 1080p OLED TV cost $15,000 a few years ago. $2,800 Samsung KS9500 (65 inches) But there are a few benefits to dropping a bit more coin on an LCD set instead of an OLED—especially if HDR is your big draw. Not only do you get a bigger screen for less, but an LCD set can also get much brighter than an OLED. This curved 65-incher is among Samsung’s highest-end TVs, and it’s loaded with color-enhancing quantum dots. You also get the smart-home controls and universal-remote features of the lower-end models—albeit Dolby Vision support is still absent. Credit: Samsung But there are a few benefits to dropping a bit more coin on an LCD set instead of an OLED—especially if HDR is your big draw. Not only do you get a bigger screen for less, but an LCD set can also get much brighter than an OLED. This curved 65-incher is among Samsung's highest-end TVs, and it's loaded with color-enhancing quantum dots. You also get the smart-home controls and universal-remote features of the lower-end models—albeit Dolby Vision support is still absent. $3,800 Vizio P Series (75 inches) Here comes Vizio again. This P-series model shares the local-dimming granularity, powerful backlight system, dual HDR-encoding support, and Chromecast features of its smaller-screened stablemates. If you absolutely, positively need a 75-inch screen that has all the HDR fixins, this is just about the cheapest model out there at the moment. Credit: Vizio Here comes Vizio again. This P-series model shares the local-dimming granularity, powerful backlight system, dual HDR-encoding support, and Chromecast features of its smaller-screened stablemates. If you absolutely, positively need a 75-inch screen that has all the HDR fixins, this is just about the cheapest model out there at the moment. $6,000 Sony Z9D (65 inches) For about the same price as a ceramic Panerai, you can put what may be the brightest TV ever made in front of your La-Z-Boy. The Z9D is perhaps the ultimate HDR-capable set for a couple of innovative reasons: Its 1,000-plus-nit backlight system is purportedly brighter than any TV that’s ever existed, and its “Backlight Master Drive” system is the most fine-grained approach to local dimming available today. Simply put, this TV does HDR to perfection—just as long as it’s HDR10 content. Credit: Sony For about the same price as a ceramic Panerai, you can put what may be the brightest TV ever made in front of your La-Z-Boy. The Z9D is perhaps the ultimate HDR-capable set for a couple of innovative reasons: Its 1,000-plus-nit backlight system is purportedly brighter than any TV that's ever existed, and its "Backlight Master Drive" system is the most fine-grained approach to local dimming available today. Simply put, this TV does HDR to perfection—just as long as it's HDR10 content. $6,000 Vizio Reference Series (65 inches) But have no fear! If you’re looking for an equally expensive set that will support both HDR10 and Dolby Vision video, Vizio’s 65-inch Reference Series set has you needs met. Until the Sony Z9D came out, it was the undisputed leader in brightness at around 800 nits. Add a 384-zone local-dimming system and quantum-dot color enhancement, and you’re definitely getting your 6-grand worth of teevee. Credit: Vizio But have no fear! If you're looking for an equally expensive set that will support both HDR10 and Dolby Vision video, Vizio's 65-inch Reference Series set has you needs met. Until the Sony Z9D came out, it was the undisputed leader in brightness at around 800 nits. Add a 384-zone local-dimming system and quantum-dot color enhancement, and you're definitely getting your 6-grand worth of teevee. $8,000 LG Signature OLED G6 (65 inches) Oh good heavens, this TV is insane. It’s the “cheap” model in LG’s beyond-flagship Signature OLED series, and its carpaccio-thin 65-inch display is mounted on a sheet of friggin’ glass. OLED + 4K + HDR (in both formats) gets you practically perfect picture quality, and there’s a great-sounding adjustable soundbar that doubles as its base. When you’re not watching movies on it, you’ll be making out with it. Credit: LG Oh good heavens, this TV is insane. It's the "cheap" model in LG's beyond-flagship Signature OLED series, and its carpaccio-thin 65-inch display is mounted on a sheet of friggin' glass. OLED + 4K + HDR (in both formats) gets you practically perfect picture quality, and there's a great-sounding adjustable soundbar that doubles as its base. When you're not watching movies on it, you'll be making out with it. $15,000 Sony VPL-VW675ES 4K HDR projector If you think of this high-end projector as a 300-inch 4K HDR TV, the $15K asking price is pretty reasonable. Plus, nothing shuts up your neighbor bragging about his new TV quite like blasting an 1,800-lumen lightbeam of 4K HDR glory onto the side of his house. Or onto the front of his face. Credit: Sony If you think of this high-end projector as a 300-inch 4K HDR TV, the $15K asking price is pretty reasonable. Plus, nothing shuts up your neighbor bragging about his new TV quite like blasting an 1,800-lumen lightbeam of 4K HDR glory onto the side of his house. Or onto the front of his face. $20,000 LG Signature OLED G6 (77 inches) Hey, remember that insane LG OLED from a minute ago? This is the bigger, more-expensive model. It costs $20,000. You should install this G6 in your Gulfstream G6 aeroplane, which costs $65 million. Then you should give me that flying movie palace for free. Credit: LG Hey, remember that insane LG OLED from a minute ago? This is the bigger, more-expensive model. It costs $20,000. You should install this G6 in your Gulfstream G6 aeroplane, which costs $65 million. Then you should give me that flying movie palace for free. $130,000 Vizio Reference Series (120 inches) This 120-inch version of Vizio’s Reference Series set measures 10 feet on the diagonal. It’s so big and so bright that you will save money on your winter heating bill. You will end up looking like George Hamilton if you fall asleep in front of it. If you get bored of it, you can put it outside and sell advertising on it—which may help you recoup some of its $130,000 cost. Credit: Vizio This 120-inch version of Vizio's Reference Series set measures 10 feet on the diagonal. It's so big and so bright that you will save money on your winter heating bill. You will end up looking like George Hamilton if you fall asleep in front of it. If you get bored of it, you can put it outside and sell advertising on it—which may help you recoup some of its $130,000 cost. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. 4K buying guides HDR televisions Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear product review Review: Monster iSport Victory BT 2 hours AI Any.do’s Assistant Puts a Robot to Work on Your To-Do List 23 hours product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 11.14.16 product review Review: HyperChiller 1 day Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 1 day autonomous vehicles So, Nobody Knows How Much Self-Driving Cars Will Pollute 55 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Feature Edit Twitter's search for a savior The Week Staff Photo illustration by Jackie Friedman | Images courtesy iStock, Twitter October 2, 2016 ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up for Our free email newsletters 10 things you need to know today Today's best articles The week's best photojournalism Today's top cartoons Daily business briefing The smartest insight and analysis, from all perspectives, rounded up from around the web: Twitter is "rethinking whether it can survive as an independent company," said Mike Isaac, Katie Benner, and Michael J. de la Merced atThe New York Times. With user growth stalled and revenue flattening, the 140-character social media network is reportedly in early talks with potential buyers, and Google, Salesforce, Microsoft, and even Disney are said to be among the most serious suitors. Any buyer would inherit Twitter's current challenges, "including management turmoil, lackluster growth, and an unsolved identity crisis," said Sarah Frier at Bloomberg. Facebook, which has roughly 1.7 billion monthly active users, dwarfs Twitter's mere 313 million users, and upstart Snapchat has more people signing onto its service every day. A buyer would also be tasked with cleaning up hate speech on the platform and fighting state censorship, issues that don't typically figure in the average corporate acquisition. "A deal is by no means assured in light of the company's uncertain financial prospects and steep price tag," said Liana Baker at Reuters. Despite having a stock market value of $16 billion, Twitter has never turned a profit. But if a purchase does go through, expect big changes to follow. Salesforce, which makes cloud-based sales software, could make Twitter more of a business tool, helping companies analyze their online conversations with customers. A Twitter owned by Google could help the search giant catch up in the social media race, where it has long lagged. But such a deal would undoubtedly draw scrutiny from antitrust regulators already nervous about Google's grip on the web. "Grabbing Twitter makes great sense for Disney because it adds to the Mouse's media empire," said Daniel Roberts at Yahoo. Twitter is more of a media company than a social network these days, having cut deals to stream NFL games and the presidential debates. Disney could flood Twitter with content, especially sports clips from its ESPN channel, which is struggling to connect with cord-cutting millennials. It's "not insane" to think Disney could buy Twitter, said Peter Kafka at Recode. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey is on Disney's board and close to Disney CEO Bob Iger. But a Disney-Twitter merger would push rival media companies into the arms of Facebook and Snapchat. Also, why would Disney want to associate its "pristine brand" with "a playground for the worst people on the internet?" "The only owner that makes sense for Twitter, flawed as it may be, is Twitter itself," said Will Oremus at Slate. Twitter has its issues, but millions of people still use it every day. Bringing in a new corporate owner, intent on leveraging Twitter to boost its own business, would probably mean sacrificing what users love about it, including its role as the "de facto global town square." Whatever users think, investors are pining for a sale, said Joon Ian Wong at Quartz. The company's shares spike whenever a deal is rumored to be in the works, with the stock jumping 20 percent last week alone. "Just the whiff of an acquisition" now has Twitter investors' flagging hopes up. And when shareholders want something badly enough, they tend to get it. Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT SHARE!   Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. More business articles See All This is how your federal tax dollars are spent MoneyTips Staff How Steve Bannon stole progressives' anti-Wall Street thunder Jeff Spross Use this trick to get better at saving money Cari Romm Most popular See All 1 Donald Trump reportedly picks Jeff Sessions for attorney general Jeva Lange 2 Trump picks Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo for CIA director Jeva Lange 3 This professor predicted Trump would win the election. Now he predicts how Trump's presidency will end. Jeva Lange Around the web Powered By ZergNet More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News Canada Snap’s new glasses could make a spectacle of privacy rights: Teitel Affordable, unobtrusive video glasses will make it easier than ever to record people in public without their knowledge or consent. Snap's Spectacles sunglasses will render it nearly impossible to tell when you are being video-recorded in a crowd, Emma Teitel writes.  (HO / AFP/GETTY IMAGES)   By Emma TeitelNational Columnist Sun., Oct. 2, 2016 Google Glass, the augmented-reality “smart glasses” that failed, epically, to capture the imagination of the general public, did not tank solely on account of their astronomically high price (originally $1,500 U.S.). According to tech consultant, Ian Altman, writing in Forbes last year, Google Glass floundered because it failed to answer, for a mass audience, two questions that are essential to any tech product’s success: “What problem does it solve?” and “Why would I need it?” Unfortunately, it turned out that the only customers who could readily answer these questions were well-heeled geeks, a community that knows and loves gadgets, but is historically out to lunch when it comes to fashion. After all, Google Glass wasn’t merely uncool. It was outright hideous: an inelegant, wiry thing reminiscent of Geordi La Forge’s blindness-corrective visor on Star Trek; an apparatus that may soon enough find its way into a Buzzfeed style-nostalgia list. In other words, it is the future laughingstock of adolescents who will consider it wild that their parents ever thought such a clunky piece of technology could catch on in the mainstream. Article Continued Below But the same laughs will not be had, I suspect, at the expense of Google Glass’s progeny: Spectacles. The new wearable technology from Snapchat, or Snap Inc., as the social network recently rebranded itself, has already managed to achieve something Google couldn’t. It has developed wearable technology that is fashionable and cool. Spectacles are sunglasses that contain a built-in video camera that enables the wearer to record the world as they see it, hands-free, with the tap of a button on the top left corner of the frames. The device’s battery lasts about a day and an outward facing light alerts people nearby that the camera is in recording mode. It can record up to 30 seconds of footage, which is transferred wirelessly to the app on the wearer’s phone. Snap declined comment to the Star for this column, but the company has already launched a slick, sexy, fashion-editorial-style ad campaign, as well as announced that a limited number of Spectacles will be available for purchase later this fall for $129.99. The price is steep, but no steeper than a pair of Nike Air Force 1s. And it is for this reason that we should be very, very afraid. Because while Google Glass was easy to spot from metres away, thanks to its clunky weirdness (and of course the fact that hardly anyone in the world owned a pair), Spectacles appear in many ways like any other pair of hip, oversized sunglasses. This means that if Snap succeeds where Google failed, and Spectacles catch on, avoiding the product’s gaze may be very difficult, especially in a crowded, public place. Of course, if people begin wearing the gadget or some version of it, en masse, we may see a much-needed decrease in the number of concertgoers and music-festival attendees who block the view of revellers behind them by raising their phones up in the air to record footage of the stage. The glasses will allow the hyper-connected to capture those invaluable moments sans phone. But this advantage doesn’t count for much when you consider the likelihood that the glasses will render it nearly impossible to tell when you are being video-recorded in a crowd. A phone is easy enough to avoid, but the flashing light of a tiny camera affixed to a pair of sunglasses? Not so much. And then of course there is the heartening effect the technology could have on wannabe voyeurs and peddlers of revenge porn. You can already picture the college fraternity challenge: “All right boys, put on a pair of these Snap sunnies and capture as much unsuspecting tail as you can!” But the creepiest Spectacle-inspired thought of all is the possibility that someday, not far off, nobody will care about any of the above — that in addition to laughing off Google Glass as an ugly failure, young people will also laugh off the notion that such a product and its offspring were ever controversial. Privacy, the right to go about the world unobserved and unrecorded, may not be extinct just yet. But it’s on its way to becoming quaint. Read more about: Google The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Carrie Fisher reveals ‘Star Wars’ affair with Harrison Ford in 1977 Fisher spoke briefly with People about her three-month affair with Ford. At the time, she was 19 years old, and he was 33. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Home Technology New Apps technical news Hacking news IOS Apps Contact Us About Us Instant Updates For You Home Technology New Apps technical news Hacking news IOS Apps Contact Us About Us No menu assigned! INSTALL ALLO FOR PC By AdminOctober 2, 2016 New Apps No Comments 0 0 0 Download & Install Google Allo Messenger for PC -Windows(7,8,8.1,10) Google the trend setter in software field. Now the Google moves on to get the application market for pcs and mobiles. Google introduces an application called Google Allo. Google is doing their best to provide users with an app that gives them an all-in-one package, Google Allo for PC brings all those features in one single app, along with so many other and new features like Incognito mode, where all your messages remains hidden with an end-to-end encryption, going back from the mode will erase all your messages of that time. Allo for pc Download and Install Google Allo for pc now in Windows 7,8,8.1,10 and also in Mac OS You might have heard that Allo is only compatible with Smart phones and don’t have a desktop version. But in this article, I will be letting you know how can you download and even install it on your very PC. Google will not give any official Allo for pc but we can run this application by using some emulators for windows INSTALL GOOGLE ALLO FOR PC (WINDOWS OS) Android Emulator Bluestacks is an one of the android emulator which is very popular. Free versions are available GOOGLE ALLO FOR PC USING BLUESTACKS: You can run Allo for pc using Bluestacks. Bluestack is an app used to simulate android apps on your windows pc. This allows you to all apps that is created for android os.  STEP BY STEP INSTALLATION FOR GOOGLE ALLO FOR PC: Download Bluestack for pc and run it Run the Bluestack app and run it Click below to download: Search Google Allo app in bluestack play store and download Allo After installing Allo in Bluestacks it will appear on your bluestack home page Click Google Allo and run it   Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Recent Posts Color Binoculars – An IOS App Helps Color-blind Users to Distinguish Colors Why The First Windows Drive Letter Is Always C? Why Doesn’t It Start With A Or B? How to Hack a Game On Your Android Phone How To Find a Working ATM With Cash Near You? PHOTOSCAN – An App by Google Photos, Which Turns Your Old Photos Into High Quality Digital Images. CategoriesCategories Select Category Hacking news IOS Apps New Apps Newest technical news Technology Uncategorized Next Post Google Allo – New Smart Way Of Chat Without Typing Google Allo – New Smart Way Of Chat Without Typing Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. FACEBOOK FOLLOWERS FACEBOOK FOLLOWERS Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets Latest Trends © 2016 Instant Updates For You. All Rights Reserved, Home Technology New Apps technical news Hacking news IOS Apps Contact Us About Us Watch Dragon ball super %d bloggers like this:
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»ALPHABET AKTIE»EU Likely To Fine Google On Anti-competitive Android Practices: Reuters ALPHABET INC CL A 741,00  Euro +0,082 +0,01 % WKN: A14Y6F  ISIN: US02079K3059 Ticker-Symbol: ABEA  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 14:33 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BrancheInternet AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 S&P 500 S&P 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 740,85 743,09 15:06 741,40 742,95 15:04 02.10.2016 | 11:36 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News EU Likely To Fine Google On Anti-competitive Android Practices: Reuters MOUNTAIN VIEW (dpa-AFX) - European Commission antitrust regulators are likely to fine Google as they plan to stop the search engine from anti-competitive Android practices, Reuters reported Saturday, citing an EU document. The company was accused of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. It was reported that Google could face a large fine because of these ongoing practices that started from January 2011. As per the report, the regulators want to stop Google from paying financial incentives to device manufacturers to pre-install Google Search as the only search application on Android devices. EU also wants to prevent the company from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps. The document of more than 150 pages reportedly was sent to complainants last week for feedback, while Google received a copy in April. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu ALPHABET INC CL A Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 14:40 YouTube adds more parental controls to Kids service: YouTube is adding more controls to its YouTube Kids service, giving ... ► Artikel lesen 14:39 Google disappointed by South Korean refusal on mapping data ► Artikel lesen 14:33 Google und Intel wollen Cloud Computing in die Unternehmen bringen MOUNTAIN VIEW (IT-Times) - Die Google Cloud Sparte hat eine Allianz mit dem Halbleiterkonzern Intel geformt, um die Akzeptanz von Cloud Computing in Unternehmen zu verbessern. Google hatte mit Intel... ► Artikel lesen 13:49 Why Google May Face a Tough Road Under President Trump ► Artikel lesen 13:46 Google Digital fördert Sportdatenprojekt von Spiegel Online ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart ALPHABET INC CL A Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % ALPHABET INC CL A 741,00 +0,01 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Home Technology New Apps technical news Hacking news IOS Apps Contact Us About Us Instant Updates For You Home Technology New Apps technical news Hacking news IOS Apps Contact Us About Us No menu assigned! INSTALL ALLO FOR PC By AdminOctober 2, 2016 New Apps No Comments 0 0 0 Download & Install Google Allo Messenger for PC -Windows(7,8,8.1,10) Google the trend setter in software field. Now the Google moves on to get the application market for pcs and mobiles. Google introduces an application called Google Allo. Google is doing their best to provide users with an app that gives them an all-in-one package, Google Allo for PC brings all those features in one single app, along with so many other and new features like Incognito mode, where all your messages remains hidden with an end-to-end encryption, going back from the mode will erase all your messages of that time. Allo for pc Download and Install Google Allo for pc now in Windows 7,8,8.1,10 and also in Mac OS You might have heard that Allo is only compatible with Smart phones and don’t have a desktop version. But in this article, I will be letting you know how can you download and even install it on your very PC. Google will not give any official Allo for pc but we can run this application by using some emulators for windows INSTALL GOOGLE ALLO FOR PC (WINDOWS OS) Android Emulator Bluestacks is an one of the android emulator which is very popular. Free versions are available GOOGLE ALLO FOR PC USING BLUESTACKS: You can run Allo for pc using Bluestacks. Bluestack is an app used to simulate android apps on your windows pc. This allows you to all apps that is created for android os.  STEP BY STEP INSTALLATION FOR GOOGLE ALLO FOR PC: Download Bluestack for pc and run it Run the Bluestack app and run it Click below to download: Search Google Allo app in bluestack play store and download Allo After installing Allo in Bluestacks it will appear on your bluestack home page Click Google Allo and run it   Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Recent Posts Color Binoculars – An IOS App Helps Color-blind Users to Distinguish Colors Why The First Windows Drive Letter Is Always C? Why Doesn’t It Start With A Or B? How to Hack a Game On Your Android Phone How To Find a Working ATM With Cash Near You? PHOTOSCAN – An App by Google Photos, Which Turns Your Old Photos Into High Quality Digital Images. CategoriesCategories Select Category Hacking news IOS Apps New Apps Newest technical news Technology Uncategorized Next Post Google Allo – New Smart Way Of Chat Without Typing Google Allo – New Smart Way Of Chat Without Typing Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. FACEBOOK FOLLOWERS FACEBOOK FOLLOWERS Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets Latest Trends © 2016 Instant Updates For You. All Rights Reserved, Home Technology New Apps technical news Hacking news IOS Apps Contact Us About Us Watch Dragon ball super %d bloggers like this:

MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: The European Comission may force Google to unbundle the Google Play Store from Android distributions, which may favour Microsoft 4 by Surur  @mspoweruser Oct 2, 2016 at 7:00 GMT2 months ago The EU has been investigating Google for anti-competitive practices since 2013, following a complaint by the Microsoft-backed Fairsearch coalition. Now Reuters has seen a leak of an early draft of the penalties the European Commission may impose on the search giant, who stands accused using of its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals and favoring its own shopping service. According to the document, Google may be ordered to: Stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices Stop forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google “cannot punish or threaten” companies for not complying with its conditions. The conditions amount to an unbundling of the Google Play Store from Android, and would allow companies for example to pre-install the Bing Search Box and  Outlook Mail and Here Maps instead of Google’s own search bar, GMail app and Google Maps, while still offering access to the Google Play Store collection of apps. If Google does not comply “the Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence,”  the document notes, which could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob’s in-app advertisements. Google may have to face a second fine for favoring its own shopping service and may have to rank the results of rival services as prominently as their own. The EU is currently circulating the proposed remedy to Complainants to see if it adequately addresses their concerns, and the final result may therefore have additional tweaks. Microsoft has had its own run-ins with the European Commission, but as a major provider of Google-alternative services may be the main beneficiary of the decision. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Reuters Related anti-trust eu google Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Windows 10 Build 14971 comes to Windows Insiders by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Phil Spencer confirms Xbox Scorpio will cost more than the Xbox One S by Greg Jordan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 18, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 One year on and Microsoft still makes it hard to be productive on UWP by Michael Allison on November 18, 2016 We’re heading towards the end of 2016 more than two years after Microsoft first introduced Windows 10 and over 4 years since Microsoft introduced the new Windows apps framework in Win... Microsoft releases ISOs for Windows 10 Build 14965 by Sean Chan Microsoft recently released Windows 10 Build 14965 to the Windows Insider Program’s Slow Ring. Today, the company has released the official ISOs for build 14965, allowing Insiders to c... Eve confirms the specs of their 3 Surface Pro competitor models and new render by Surur In the run up to the launch of their Surface Pro competitors next week Eve has confirmed the specs of their 3 models which will be on sale via Indiegogo. #1 “The V m3” CPU: Intel... Vuforia SDK for HoloLens now publicly available for commercial use by Surur Back at Build 2016, Microsoft showed off an augmented reality app working on a Surface device. The app which was built with Vuforia allowed the user to interact with a product catalog by uti... Here’s what’s new, fixed, and broken in Windows 10 Build 14971 by Sean Chan Microsoft today released Windows 10 Build 14971 to Insiders in the Fast Ring. The update isn’t major and it only brings some minor improvements. The usual bug fixes are still present, ... Deals Deals Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 15 P/CLOUDY TOKYO (11 p.m.) Markets 110.71 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Alphabet CEO and Google cofounder Larry Page speaks at the Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco in November. | AP Business / Tech Event to highlight firm's new emphasis Google set to flex hardware muscle in new strategy for internet giant AFP-JIJI Oct 2, 2016 Article history Online: Oct 02, 2016 Last Modified: Oct 02, 2016 PRINT SHARE SAN FRANCISCO – A high-profile Google event Tuesday is widely expected to highlight a new emphasis on hardware, challenging rivals Apple and Amazon and launching a new strategy for the online giant. While the company has offered no official preview, it is expected to unveil a new line of Google-branded smartphones, a tablet and a home virtual assistant. Analysts anticipate that the internet titan will expand on a vision laid out by chief Sundar Pichai at its developers conference early this year. The strategy would seek to take Google’s strength in software and merge that with its devices as Apple, Amazon and smartphone leader Samsung all work to get a tighter grip on consumers. Google fired off a Twitter message with hashtag #madebygoogle and a video of what appeared to be a long rectangular search term box morphing into a silhouette of a smartphone. “They did call it out as a smartphone event,” Gartner analyst Brian Blau said. “It is an opportunity for Google to show off its latest devices.” Industry trackers anticipate Google will show off its own smartphone, showcasing the prowess of its new Nougat version of its Android mobile software. Google may stamp its latest smartphones with a “Pixel” brand instead of the “Nexus” name it has used in the past for Android smartphones it has made in collaborations with partners. The internet giant has worked with handset makers in the past to field smartphones showing off the full potential of Android mobile operating software, which it makes available free to device makers. By stressing something “made by Google,” the California company has triggered speculation it would push a premium smartphone line of its own against the likes of Apple and Samsung. Apple recently released new iPhone 7 models, along with its new-generation iOS 10 mobile operating system. Samsung meanwhile has been struggling with a recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 handsets due to complaints of exploding batteries. The Google gathering is expected to go beyond smartphones, however, with the company possibly showing off a new Chromecast device for streaming online content to television screens, a Wi-Fi router, and perhaps announcing when it will release Google Home virtual assistant. Blau anticipated that Google will build on announcements it made at the developers conference, along with revealing partnerships for apps or services intended to make devices more enticing. At the gathering in May, Google unveiled a virtual home assistant that will challenge Amazon’s Echo and laid out a future rich with artificial intelligence. Google Home, about the size of a stout vase, was to hit the market by the end of this year, but exact timing and pricing was not disclosed. Home devices will incorporate new Google virtual assistant software introduced by Pichai. “Our ability to do conversational understanding is far ahead of what other virtual assistants can do,” Pichai said at the developers conference. “We are an order of magnitude ahead of everyone else.” Home devices combine machine learning, online search, voice recognition and more to allow people to get answers to questions, manage tasks, or control devices by speaking naturally, demonstrations showed. Home will synch with Chromecast devices that allow remote control of televisions or stereo systems, and with “smart” devices made by Google-owned Nest and other companies, company executives promised. Blau also expected the Google event to feature news about Daydream, a virtual reality platform that the company said is coming. That could manifest in the form of a headset into which Daydream-enabled phones serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. “Daydream does go hand-in-hand with the smartphones,” Blau said. Some reports ay the event could include the debut of a 7-inch tablet computer made by Chinese consumer electronics giant Huawei and running on Google software. As the event neared, speculation mounted that Google might also discuss a long-anticipate merging of its Chrome and Android operating systems, and introduce a new Pixel laptop powered by the software. Google might call the new operating system “Andromeda,” according to some reports. “The new Andromeda OS is expected to bring some of the desktoplike capabilities of Chrome into Android to form a super OS that could work across smartphones, tablets, and notebook-style form factors,” Technalysis Research chief analyst Bob O’Donnell said. Such a new desktop-style operating system would have the potential to challenge Microsoft Windows and Apple MacOS software for powering computers. “Google has such a smorgasbord of things they could be doing,” said Forrester analyst Frank Gillett. “It doesn’t sound like we will see from them what we need to see on Android, which is to stop the forking.” A long-standing lamentation about Android is that device makers or carriers tend not to update custom versions of the operating systems when improvements or security fixes are released. The splitting of Android software — “forking” — has created a situation in which one almost needs to toss out old handsets and buy new ones to upgrade operating systems, according to the analyst. “The rate at which Android handsets get updated is abominable,” Gillett said. “It is a market where Android handsets are throwaways.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Apple, computers, Google, Internet, Samsung, Smartphones Business Dollar tops ¥110.50 on U.S. rate hike expectations Nikkei climbs to 10-month high Robot-run Henn na Hotel in Nagasaki enters Guinness book Kerry to Kishida: U.S. has not given up hope on TPP Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Japan’s permanent residency rules may be loosened to lure global talent Fukuoka street reopens a week after massive sinkhole appeared Trump’s lesson: You can lie your way to the very top Trump security adviser sought to reassure Suga on Japan policy: source Hollywood Walk of Fame honors late samurai star Toshiro Mifune A priest’s advice for anti-Trump protesters Work for us Japan government panel halves price of cancer drug Opdivo Record 40% of Japanese sleep less than six hours a day Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
null
null
News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Jobs Financial Services Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Login Register Subscribe Video Log out My Account Subscribe Video Log out My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google Pixel: UK price, release date and best features as Google reveals its rival to the iPhone Introducing Pixel, a new phone by Google Play! 01:24 Cara McGoogan 4 October 2016 • 9:18pm Google unveiled a raft of new products at its annual autumn event, including the Pixel phone, the Daydream View headset, a new Chromecast and the Google Home speaker, an AI-powered rival to the Amazon Echo. Here's what you need to know: Pixel and Pixel XL Google has taken the battle for supremacy in the mobile phone market directly to Apple by releasing its first full competitor to the iPhone. The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are the first smartphones designed by the company and which bear its name. At £599, or from £719 for the XL, the Pixel is placed firmly in Apple’s premium segment and comes with extras such as Google’s voice-controlled artificial intelligence assistant, unlimited photo storage and an advanced camera. The Google Pixel in very silver The phone is the first with Google Assistant, the voice-controlled software designed to respond to queries, check calendar appointments and send messages. At a glance Comes in two sizes, including a 5-inch and 5.5-inch display Runs Android Nougat 7.1 with a tweaked aesthetic Has the "best ever" smartphone camera, which is 12.3MP with an f/2.0 aperture Glass back and high-end aluminium case Comes in quite black, very silver and really blue Prices are £599 for the 5-inch handset at 32GB and £699 for 128GB, and £719 for 32GB XL and £819 for the 128GB Available to pre-order from today and on sale on October 20: EE and Carphone Warehouse are selling in the UK Key features | Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones Verdict Read our hands on with the Pixel here. At a glance, the Pixel's design and feel is functional if not world-beating, but the camera, unlimited photo storage and Google Assistant give it an edge that others don't have. Fast charging will prove a lifesaver and, crucially, there's a headphone jack, although features that many people expect in 2016 such as water resistance are absent. It's certainly a premium handset, and at £599 and up, you'd expect no less. What else Google has announced:  Daydream View headset that costs £69 4K and HDR compatible Chromecast Ultra A smart, modular WiFi router An AI-powered speaker called Google Home, which is initially only available in the US 9:17PM Wrapping up That's it for tonight, thanks for reading and following along with us. We'll be bringing you more on the Pixel as soon as we have some time to try it out. 9:06PM Hands on James Titcomb is back from the event with his first impressions of the Pixel phones. In summary - while it is not necessarily the most attractive phone on the market, performance is enough to suggest this could be one of the best around: Building a world-class phone is an immense challenge, even for a company of Google’s resources, and the Pixel looks like a very good attempt. Design-wise it is not the world’s most appealing phone (although it is far from the worst) although it is comfortable and easy to use. More important is performance, and it looks like the Pixel could excel here. With a world-beating camera and the power of Google’s AI behind it, it could well stand up to the likes of Samsung and Apple. But at an eyewatering £599 and up, it will have to. Read more here 8:23PM The best camera on the market? Google's justification for calling the Pixel "the best phone camera in the world" is this review by DxOMark, seen as an authority on all things photography. They've given the phone a score of 89, which compares to 88 for the Galaxy S7 Edge and 86 for the iPhone 7. Here's their summary Simply put, the Pixel raises the bar for what is possible with a smartphone camera. Image quality continues to improve, and the increased use of HDR+ to render scenes that have previously been difficult for small sensors such as those in smartphones broadens what is possible with these ubiquitous devices. While we have reviewed other smartphone cameras that matched the Pixel’s numbers in a few categories, the Pixel is uniquely capable of capturing outstanding images under a wide variety of conditions, and is also among the best we have tested for video capture. 7:25PM Pixel phone pre-orders open Google's new phone is already available to pre-order from Carphone Warehouse. The company is showcasing a £42 a month Vodafone contract that comes with 6GB of data and an upfront cost of £79.99 for the 5-inch device and £159.99 for the 5.5-inch.  Customers can order the phone in "very silver" and "quite black" from Carphone Warehouse either on a contract or up-front.  6:55PM More Pixel phone pictures The Pixel phone runs Android 7.1 with a tweaked aesthetic that includes round icons Credit: Google Google's Pixel phone has a glass back, aluminium case and camera that sits flush to the back of the phone Credit: Google   6:40PM A closer look at the Pixel phone Google's Pixel phone will come in three colours eventually, although only black and silver will be available in the UK at first Credit: Google Pixel phone Credit: Google   6:37PM Is the Pixel phone an 'iPhone killer'?  Ernest Doku, a mobile phone industry expert from uSwitch, said:  There’s every reason to believe the Pixel could be a genuine iPhone killer, in a market that appears to be growing tired of the incumbents. With a potentially market-leading camera, sleek design and a Google ecosystem stacked with the latest in AI and VR, this might just be the handset to inject a dose of cool back into the smartphone market. 6:30PM UK prices The 5-inch Pixel phone will start at £599 in the UK, while the larger 5.5-inch device will cost £719.   Daydream View meanwhile will cost £69.  6:27PM And that's it!  Google has closed the event with no mention of Andromeda, the highly anticipated new laptop and tablet software, much to the disappointment of many fans.  no andromeda.....i cry #MadeByGoogle— Giacomo Sirtori (@giacomo_sir) October 4, 2016 Nothing about Andromeda Nothing about Huawei tablet Nothing about Chromebooks DISAPPOINTED #MadeByGoogle— Paul Fidalgo (@PaulFidalgo) October 4, 2016 That ended abruptly. No Andromeda! #MadeByGoogle— Andrew E. Freedman (@FreedmanAE) October 4, 2016 6:25PM WATCH: Google unveils the Pixel phone Introducing Pixel, a new phone by Google Play! 01:24   6:18PM Google Home or Amazon Echo?  A) Where is Google Home gonna be sold? Echo relentlessly pushed by one of world's biggest retailers B) Say "OK Google" and then say "Alexa"— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 4, 2016 Google could well release an Echo beater and not beat Amazon (Forrester) pic.twitter.com/DH9Ho0aM3d— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 3, 2016   6:17PM Google Home release date and price announced Unveiled at Google's annual developer conference earlier this summer, the company has announced that its intelligent speaker will be available from November 4 in the US, with pre-orders starting today, for $129. Home comes in seven different colours, with a free six month trial of YouTube Red, the new subscription model.  The WiFi, voice-controlled speaker can play songs, news and podcasts, as well as stream from iOS and Android devices. It can also be used to control a Chromecast and stream directly to a TV. "When you know want to watch, just ask for it", said Google.  The Home speaker is powered by the Google's AI Assistant that can pull information from the internet, find shops and restaurants, and schedule your day for you.  Google Home Credit: Google We have more information about Google Home, the company's rival to the Amazon Echo, in an earlier piece here.  5:59PM Chromecast Ultra Google has unveiled the next generation of Chromecast, which it says is 1.8 times faster than the previous model and supports HDR, 4K and Dolby Vision. It also has Ethernet support. Chromecast Ultra will be available in November for $69.  5:57PM Google launches a smart router called WiFi  The modular WiFi boxes can connect together to cover a whole home. It also comes with "Network Assist" which optimises signal for you, placing you on the right channel as you move around the house and as channels become overloaded.  Google Wifi is an expandable system that gives you great internet throughout your whole home. And it looks great, too. #madebygoogle pic.twitter.com/98nu94yDrF— Google (@google) October 4, 2016 With the WiFi app you can manage what devices have connectivity at any given time, so parents can pause their kids' devices during dinner, for example.  5:50PM Daydream View exclusive Harry Potter game Google has created a number of exclusive apps to launch Daydream View with, including a Fantastic Beasts game, star gazing app and spaceship fighting game.  As well as apps like Netflix, Daydream View comes with Google VR apps, such as YouTube, StreetView and Movies. And it will have 50 separate apps and games by the end of the year.  The Daydream controller lets you point, swing and aim. And when you're done, it tucks right back into the headset. #madebygoogle pic.twitter.com/IoTdQfZP5w— Google (@google) October 4, 2016 5:47PM Google unveils Daydream View heaset Unlike other VR headsets on the market, Google's Daydream View headset is made from fabric in order to be comfortable. Made with clothing designers, it's 30 per cent lighter than similar devices and fits well with glasses.  Google also claims it has solved many of the latency problems of other VR headsets with Daydream VR.  Google's Daydream View headset Credit: Google Place your phone in the headset and it connects wirelessly. You can then control it using the separate controller.  It will initially come in a slate grey and later snow white and crimson.  5:39PM Some of the best bits of the Pixel phone in Google's eyes Let's get to the good stuff. Here's #Pixel by the numbers. #madebygoogle pic.twitter.com/eetVpX0eSu— Google (@google) October 4, 2016   5:38PM More Pixel phone features  The Pixel phone can get up to seven hours of power with just 15 minutes of charging, and it will ship with Android Nougat 7.1.  James Titcomb appears to agree with the Google spokesperson that "Nougat" is pronounced "nooogatt". We all know it's "noogarr".  So Google person says Nougat is pronounced "Noooogatt" cc @cjmcgoogan— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 4, 2016 The phone comes in two versions, a 5-inch and 5.5-inch display, and in three "descriptively named" colours: quite black, very silver and really blue.  So the colours are "Quite black, very silver, and really blue" which I think is supposed to be a joke about silly colour names— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 4, 2016 In the US prices for the Pixel phone start at $649 and it is available to pre-order from today.  5:32PM A closer look at the Pixel phone's camera The camera on Pixel is the best smartphone camera... EVER, according to DxOMark. #madebygoogle pic.twitter.com/J8Xf2ciaUo— Google (@google) October 4, 2016   5:31PM Pixel phone best features Google Assistant - The in-built AI assistant can send information, set reminders, play songs and type messages for you. It also works with third party apps and understands the context of your screen.  A photo taken on the Pixel phone Credit: Google Camera - Google claims the Pixel has "the best smartphone camera ever made". It is 12MP with an f/2.0 aperture. It also has "smart burst", which works in a similar way to Apple's Live photos, "HDR+" technology for low light photography and zero shutter lag. It comes with unlimited photo storage on Google's cloud.     5:23PM Google unveils the Pixel phone Pixel phone Credit: Google Google has unveiled the Pixel phone, which has a glass back and polished aluminium case.  It is the first phone with the Google Assistant built-in, which means that in any app you can ask for information or help.  As a preemptive response to comments that the Pixel looks like Apple's iPhone, Osterloh joked, "And there's no unsightly camera bump."  5:19PM Google's new hardware division "Hardware isn't a new step for Google," but the company has launched a new dedicated hardware department that will design a range of Google-branded devices, at the heart of which will be the intelligent Assistant.  Pichai still pushing Google AI chops. Lots of hardware gonna be on show today but the message will be that AI sits in the middle of it all.— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 4, 2016 Rick Osterloh says its the "right time to focus on hardware and software"— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 4, 2016 5:14PM Google has made three AI breakthroughs, says Pichai Image captioning - it is now 94 per cent accurate, up from 90 per cent. It can count the number of an object in a scene and identify colours.  Machine translation - historically Google Translate translated phrase by phrase, but recently it announced a deep learning translation system that can model sentences in whole passage and "approach human level translation" that is being used in its Chinese-English translations already.  Text to speech - Google's DeepMind can now model raw audio waves rather than phrases to create a text to speech read that sounds a lot more like human speech. This will ultimately allow Google's Assistant to speak with multiple voices, capture emotion and be unique for each user.  5:06PM And we're off! Credit: Google Sundar Pichai is on the stage in San Francisco. He's kicking off the event with Google's vision for the future of computing, which will be AI-led rather than mobile first as it is at the moment. "Above all else it will be intelligent, it will help users in more meaningful ways," he says. "We want to build each user a Google of their own."  Google's Pixel phone event beginning. Sundar Pichai says the world's moving from "mobile first to AI first"— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 4, 2016 4:55PM Five minutes to go Technology editor James Titcomb is on the ground at Google's London headquarters where he has this question:  We really need to come up with a decent name for the Amazon Echo/Google Home that works as well as smartphone or tablet— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 4, 2016 "Voice activated artificially intelligent wireless speaker"— James Titcomb (@jamestitcomb) October 4, 2016  Any suggestions? 4:39PM When does the event start and how can I watch it? The Google event will kick off at 5pm UK time. We will be live blogging the key updates as they happen, and if you want to tune into yourself you can do so here:  4:34PM Less than 30 minutes to go With less than half an hour to go until the event starts, why not do our Android v Apple mind changer and see if we can convince you to alter your convictions.  Is Android better than iOS? 4:32PM Everything else Google could announce In addition to its big product announcements, Google often makes a couple of smaller ones. Today is likely to be no different, with a new Chromecast "Ultra" and smart WiFi router on their way. The router could be a bit like the Eero, which can be paired to create a large wireless network, while the Chromecast could have 4K and HDR capability.  Google Home was unveiled at I/O this summer Credit: Google We're also anticipating that Google will give us a release date for its AI-powered speaker Home, the company's rival to the Amazon Echo. The intelligent speaker could go on sale for $129.  4:24PM What we're expecting: Andromeda Rumour has it that Google is going to unveil a brand new operating system that will be a mixture of ChromeOS and Android. Code-named Andromeda, the software is said to have been designed to laptops and tablets.  Features could include an adaptable interface and support for touch taken from Android, with the file system from laptops. Rumours suggest the software is a version of Android with some ChromeOS elements.  While the company might show us the system today, it is not expected to release it until some time in 2017, when it may also launch the "Pixel 3" tablet-laptop hybrid.  4:17PM What we're expecting: Daydream VR Google is set to launch a virtual reality headset to rival Oculus Rift, HTC Vive and Samsung's Gear VR. The headset, which will be more high-end than the Cardboard, will work with Android phones and come with controllers.  A sketch of what Google's Daydream VR could look like Credit: Google Daydream VR will reportedly cost $79 in the US.  4:11PM What we're expecting: the Pixel phones Google is planning to launch a new range of devices called the Pixel phones, which will replace the Nexus brand. Like their predecessors they will come in two sizes, 5 and 5.5-inch displays, and run an authentic version of Android Nougat 7.1.  Verizon leaked images about the Pixel phones a day before the event The phones will probably have 4GB RAM and a 12MP rear-facing camera. They are expected to start at $649 in the US  and a mysterious "Google Magic".  Some fans have commented that leaked images of the phones, built by HTC, look very similar to Apple's iPhone, with a high-end aluminium body and rounded edges.  4:06PM Google to launch new phones, software and devices Good afternoon, it's Cara McGoogan here. In an hour's time Google is set to open its annual autumn event, at which it is expected to unveil two new phones, a VR headset and an AI-powered speaker, along with a selection of other gadgets for the home.  I'll be following the news as it happens and bringing you live updates throughout the evening.  Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Mobile phones Android Google Show more Technology latest 18 Nov 2016, 1:14pm Apple considers making iPhones in America, reports claim 18 Nov 2016, 1:07pm Three Mobile under fire for failing to alert customers to data breach 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:08am Comment: Three data breach: It’s only a matter of time until we are all hacked, so let's learn to live with it James Titcomb Premium 17 Nov 2016, 5:45pm Humans 'will bully robot cars', Mercedes chief warns 17 Nov 2016, 4:58pm Samsung and Apple's grip on smartphone market slips to less than one in three sales 01:15 17 Nov 2016, 3:18pm Holidays, gadgets or fashion: Which have the biggest Black Friday discounts? 17 Nov 2016, 2:01pm What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 01:32 17 Nov 2016, 11:39am Sea Hero Quest mobile game helps dementia diagnosis breakthrough 17 Nov 2016, 10:26am Russia orders internet providers to block LinkedIn 17 Nov 2016, 10:00am £4 USB device can hack a locked computer in under a minute 17 Nov 2016, 7:00am This folding paper bike helmet for cycle share schemes could save lives 17 Nov 2016, 5:04am Watchdog seeks broadband advertising changes to ensure speed expectations met 16 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Pokémon Sun and Moon review - A vibrant and delightful new take on the famous pocket monsters 4 16 Nov 2016, 5:26pm Comment: Snapchat isn't worth $25bn - but that won't stop the technorati making it so James Quinn Premium 16 Nov 2016, 4:14pm Comment: Sex site hackers can never crack the mysteries of the human psyche Zoe Strimpel Premium Gallery 16 Nov 2016, 1:13pm Gallery: The bestselling video game consoles of all time 16 Nov 2016, 12:25pm Comment: The AdultFriendFinder hack shows there are no real secrets online James Titcomb Premium 16 Nov 2016, 11:11am Cheap Android phones send owners' text messages and location data to China 16 Nov 2016, 10:20am Comment: AdultFriendFinder sex hack: We can't stop cheating - accept it Rebecca Reid Premium 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Google to create 3,000 more UK jobs in major boost for London technology scene { "section": "", "commentingConfig": {"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured","pay-faster-in-restaurants-with-qkr":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":false,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"news":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":true,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"reviews":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":true,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"opinion":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":true,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"code-academy":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":false,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"how-phones-changed-the-world":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":true,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"preserving-memories":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":false,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"},"connecting-britain":{"sling:resourceType":"nt:unstructured","commentingOn":false,"jcr:primaryType":"nt:unstructured"}} } Contact us Subscribers Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact News Naspers core earnings up by a quarter Top - World China’s tech sector looks to profit from Trump Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Google weighing up bid for Twitter Google is working with a financial adviser to consider a potential bid for Twitter, as the social media company continues to explore a sale, according to a person familiar with the arrangement. By Alex Sherman and Mark Bergen. Added by Agency Staff on 2 October 2016. Saved under Top, World Tags: Disney, Google, Lazard, Salesforce, Salesforce.com, Sundar Pichai, Twitter, Walt Disney Tweet Google CEO Sundar Pichai Google is working with a financial adviser to consider a potential bid for Twitter, as the social media company continues to explore a sale, according to a person familiar with the arrangement. In tapping Lazard, Google hasn’t indicated it will definitely make an offer for Twitter. But the move suggests that Google is evaluating the option, pitting the search giant against other potential bidders including Walt Disney and Salesforce.com. Gina Scigliano, a Google spokeswoman, declined to comment. A Lazard spokeswoman couldn’t be reached for comment. Twitter hired Goldman Sachs Group and Allen & Co to solicit potential buyers after receiving interest from Salesforce, people familiar with the situation have said. The company, which has seen user growth stagnate for more than a year, has been trying to reshape its identify by focusing on video and live events. Google, the largest subsidiary of Alphabet, has long been viewed as a natural suitor for the struggling social media firm known for its 140-character Tweets. The companies have cut deals around advertising and mobile publishing products. Twitter recently agreed to integrate its content inside Google search results, after an earlier collaboration fell apart. Google’s previous social effort, which centred on its Google Plus product, flopped, leaving the company without a viable service to rival its primary ads competitor Facebook. Google’s recent focus, under CEO Sundar Pichai, has been on artificial intelligence and cloud storage, not social networks. Lazard served as the financial adviser for Google’s US$625m takeover of software developer Apigee in September. The deal is expected to close by year’s end.  — (c) 2016 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 10Brian Molefe quits as Eskom CEO 9Vodacom to launch VOD platform 9New ICT BEE code comes into force 8New protector must probe Thuli: ANC 7Social media analysis pointing to Trump upset Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
/ DevOps Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Web Dev Let's be friends: Why Google Uses Crowd Testing Google uses crowd testing to test 14 of its software products, mainly because of the opportunity that crowdsourced platforms give to test apps in real world conditions. by Tharika Tellicherry · Oct. 02, 16 · DevOps Zone Like (2) Comment (2) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free The DevOps zone is brought to you in partnership with Sonatype Nexus. The Nexus suite helps scale your DevOps delivery with continuous component intelligence integrated into development tools, including Eclipse, IntelliJ, Jenkins, Bamboo, SonarQube and more. Schedule a demo today.  Google uses crowd testing to test 14 of its software products. The main reason for this is the opportunity crowdsourced platforms give to test apps in real world conditions. Cost effectiveness and speed of execution are the other two key benefits of crowd testing. Here are the top reasons for Google’s reliance on crowd testing for its software products: 1. Opportunity to Improve Capabilities Crowd testing helps Google align their testing efforts with their development plan. Using crowdsourced platforms, it is possible to get testing insights in varied test environments faster. This enables development teams to improve the capabilities of the app. With real insights from real users, Google thus makes its app features better with each build. 2. Reduces Risk of Software Failure The way an app works in a lab is very different from the way it works in the real world. Crowd Testing gives you a pretty accurate picture of your app’s performance in the real world. Insights from crowd testing help Google focus its attention on critical issues that need to be fixed, thereby eliminating the risk of software applications, not working in real world conditions. 3. Reduces Costs There is no fixed headcount costs or overhead expenses with crowd testing. Google thus saves big time on investing in full-time QA resources when they opt for crowd testing. In an interview, ex-director of Google James Whittaker explained that crowd testing enabled them to save around 10%-25% of their testing budget while delivering great results. Crowd testing lowers the cost of finding and fixing critical bugs before it reaches the customers. You can save about 5x to 10x on testing using crowdsourced platforms compared to in-house testing. 4. Reduces Time-To-Market Crowd testing improves the internal efficiency of development teams by reducing the time to market. It works well with Agile teams and helps in the delivery of testing insights faster than traditional testing methods. Google thus enjoys the benefit of better product quality at lower costs with shorter release cycles. 5. Test Coverage Crowd testing gives you complete coverage across geographies and configurations without any major investments. Further by testing on real devices and machines and browsers, the development team can get insights on real-world usage of the application which cannot be replicated in a lab-based testing environment. With real world insights on app performance, Google can thus benchmark the quality of their app to other apps in the world. 6. Expertise in Usability Testing Crowd testing works beautifully in the case of user-centric apps as you can target your testing efforts to match your target demographics. Thus it works well for Google apps where collaboration is needed between the developers and users of the application. 7. Supports Internal QA With crowd testing, Google ensures quality in the work done by their internal QA team. You can find all the critical bugs before your product reaches your customers. Ideally, it is recommended for companies with user-centric apps to allocate 20%-30% of their testing budget for crowd testing to get the optimum results. 8. Flexibility Crowd testing can help you handle peak loads or on-demand QA requirements effectively especially in cases where a release has to be made in a short time. You can scale your QA efforts in half the time it takes for normal in-house QA teams to ramp up. Hence, Google enjoys the flexibility through crowdsourcing to scale its testing efforts to deliver new product features faster. The below video by ex-Google director James Whittaker explains Google’s testing strategy: The benefits of crowd testing have made it a favorite form of testing for even other companies like Apple & Microsoft. Further, companies can ensure secure access to their apps and data by relying on good crowdsourcing platforms. A good crowdsourcing platform verifies testers registered under them and also provide tools for secure/restricted access to apps. You can learn more about how crowd testing works with the below webinar recording by 99tests, CEO Praveen Singh: The DevOps zone is brought to you in partnership with Sonatype Nexus. Use the Nexus Suite to automate your software supply chain and ensure you're using the highest quality open source components at every step of the development lifecycle. Get Nexus today.  Topics: software testing,google,crowdsourcing,devops Like (2) Comment (2) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} DevOps Partner Resources Take the Forrester DevOps Maturity Assessment Test Sauce Labs Do You Need DevSecOps for Containers? Sonatype Add Performance Testing to your Continuous Delivery Pipeline ThoughtWorks Case Study - See How Dollar Shave Club Adopted DevOps Sauce Labs The DevOps Journey - From Waterfall to Continuous Delivery Sauce Labs DevOps and Continuous Delivery Reference Architectures Sonatype Build Workflow SLA Management, Audit, and Compliance into the Development Process BMC Jenkins + Docker = Prepare for the Next Sea Change in IT CloudBees How DevOps Can Lead The Way In Enabling Your Organization To Win BMC Create a Software Bill of Materials Sonatype Planning a DevOps Transformation? Assess Your DevOps Maturity by Using a Quadrant Model CloudBees Is your team ready for Continuous Delivery? ThoughtWorks The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Trending Islamabad Protest India Kashmir Search for: Menu Home National Punjab Sindh Balochistan Khyber PK World Events Breaking News Sports Cricket Football Life & Style Health Celebrities Film Games SCI-TECH Science Social Media Technology Programs Current Afairs AAJ Rana Mubashir Kay Sath Faisla Aap Ka Spot Light Islamabad Tonight with Rehman Azhar Rubaroo Talk Shows Awaz Sawal Hai Pakistan Ka Pakistan At 7 Infotainment Good Morning Aaj Kahani Kay Pechay Target Aman Barabri Kay Saath Paisa Bolta Hai Qaidi No. Entertainment Promo‘s BUSINESS Watch AAJ TV Live اردو Home / Editors Pick / Google expected to flex hardware muscle Google expected to flex hardware muscle Posted on October 2, 2016 by bilal ahmed in Editors Pick, SCI-TECH – File photo SAN FRANCISCO: A high-profile Google event Tuesday is widely expected to show a new emphasis on hardware, challenging rivals Apple and Amazon and launching a new strategy for the online giant. While the company has offered no official preview, it is expected to unveil a new line of Google-branded smartphones, a tablet and a home virtual assistant. Analysts anticipate that the internet titan will expand on a vision laid out by chief Sundar Pichai at its developers conference early this year. The strategy would seek to take Google’s strength in software and merge that with its devices, as Apple, Amazon and smartphone leader Samsung all work to get a tighter grip on consumers. Google fired off a Twitter message with hashtag #madebygoogle and a video of what appeared to be a long rectangular search term box morphing into a silhouette of a smartphone. “They did call it out as a smartphone event,” Gartner analyst Brian Blau said. “It is an opportunity for Google to show off its latest devices.” Industry trackers anticipate Google will show off its own smartphone, showcasing the prowess of its new Nougat version of its Android mobile software. Google may stamp its latest smartphones with a “Pixel” brand instead of the “Nexus” name it has used in the past for Android smartphones it has made in collaborations with partners. Google has worked with handset makers in the past to field smartphones showing off the full potential of Android mobile operating software, which it makes available free to device makers. By stressing something “made by Google,” the California company has triggered speculation it would push a premium smartphone line of its own against the likes of Apple and Samsung. Apple recently released new iPhone 7 models, along with its new-generation iOS 10 mobile operating system. Samsung meanwhile has been struggling with a recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 handsets due to complaints of exploding batteries. Taking on Echo The Google gathering is expected to go beyond smartphones, however, with the company possibly showing off a new Chromecast device for streaming online content to television screens, a Wi-Fi router, and perhaps announcing when it will release Google Home virtual assistant. Blau anticipated that Google will build on announcements it made at the developers conference, along with revealing partnerships for apps or services intended to make devices more enticing. At the gathering in May, Google unveiled a virtual home assistant that will challenge Amazon’s Echo and laid out a future rich with artificial intelligence. Google Home, about the size of a stout vase, was to hit the market by the end of this year, but exact timing and pricing was not disclosed. Home devices will incorporate new Google virtual assistant software introduced by Pichai. “Our ability to do conversational understanding is far ahead of what other virtual assistants can do,” Pichai said at the developers conference. “We are an order of magnitude ahead of everyone else.” Home devices combine machine learning, online search, voice recognition and more to allow people to get answers to questions, manage tasks, or control devices by speaking naturally, demonstrations showed. Home will synch with Chromecast devices that allow remote control of televisions or stereo systems, and with “smart” devices made by Google-owned Nest and other companies, company executives promised. Daydreaming Blau also expected the Google event to feature news about Daydream, a virtual reality platform that the company said is coming. That could manifest in the form of a headset into which Daydream-enabled phones serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. “Daydream does go hand-in-hand with the smartphones,” Blau said. Some reports ay the event could include the debut of a seven-inch tablet computer made by Chinese consumer electronics giant Huawei and running on Google software. Andromeda strain As the event neared, speculation mounted that Google might also discuss a long-anticipate merging of its Chrome and Android operating systems, and introduce a new Pixel laptop powered by the software. Google might call the new operating system “Andromeda,” according to some reports. “The new Andromeda OS is expected to bring some of the desktop-like capabilities of Chrome into Android to form a super OS that could work across smartphones, tablets, and notebook-style form factors,” Technalysis Research chief analyst Bob O’Donnell said Such a new desktop style operating system would have the potential to challenge Microsoft Windows and Apple MacOS software for powering computers. “Google has such a smorgasbord of things they could be doing,” Forrester analyst Frank Gillett told AFP. “It doesn’t sound like we will see from them what we need to see on Android, which is to stop the forking.” A longstanding lamentation about Android is that device makers or carriers tend not to update custom versions of the operating systems when improvements or security fixes are released. The splitting of Android software, or “forking,” has created a situation in which one almost needs to toss out old handsets and buy new ones to upgrade operating systems, according to the analyst. “The rate at which Android handsets get updated is abominable,” Gillett said. “It is a market where Android handsets are throw-aways.” Post navigation Previous Previous post: About 90,000 jobs to be filled: Sindh lifts ban on recruitments Next Next post: Will Thar be able to rescue energy-starved Pakistan? Tweet Related Posts Victory at Lord’s Human leather – Accessories made out of human skin The case of a rest house Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest News Time magazine picks 100 most influential photos of all time Kohli, Pujara tons give India opening day honours Pakistani doctor transplants hope to millions for free Google event ‘DevFest’ to begin in Karachi from Friday Facebook buys facial recognition tech startup Archive October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   National Punjab Sindh Khyber PK Balochistan World Africa Europe South Asia U.S.A Entertainment Celebrities Film Games Music Company About us Contact Us Career distribution Copyright © 2016 AAJ NEWS. All rights reserved. Top
null
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 45°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Friday, November 18, 2016 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Morning Meeting with Hillary Chabot, Jaclyn Cashman Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand EU antitrust regulators targeting Google again Herald Wire Services Sunday, October 02, 2016 Credit: AP photo MISINFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY: Google, along with Facebook, faces the daunting challenge of finding a way to squash fake news sites. Credit: AP photo EU Antitrust Commissioner Margrethe Vestager addresses the media at EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, Thursday, July 14, 2016. The European Union opened a new front Thursday in its battle with Google, accusing the technology giant of abusing its dominant position in the online search market to benefit its own comparison shopping and advertising business. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic) Credit: AP photo EU Antitrust Commissioner Margrethe Vestager addresses the media at EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, Thursday, July 14, 2016. The European Union opened a new front Thursday in its battle with Google, accusing the technology giant of abusing its dominant position in the online search market to benefit its own comparison shopping and advertising business. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic) prev next       comments BRUSSELS — EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals.   The article you requested has been archived   All coverage within bostonherald.com from the last 14 days remains free of charge. Articles do not always include original photos, charts or graphics. » Click here to search for this article within the archive. Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Mass. loses 5,000 jobs, but rate plunges jordan graham real estate Hot Property: Arsenal St. units loaded with details paul restuccia business & markets IndyCar hits gas on refund checks brian dowling real estate Hyde Park housing proposed donna goodison Trending Now Somerville mayor vows to protect immigrants as Trump takes over Franck: Thanks to Charlie Baker, Bay State all set for Trump deportations Tip led cops to alleged human trafficking hot spot Robert Kraft visits his old friend Donald Trump in New York Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Newspapers In Education Boston Herald NIE SmartEdition Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
18 Nov 2016 Local World Business Sports Software star Google expected to flex hardware muscle Posted on 2 October 2016 - 11:52am A HIGH-profile Google event Tuesday is widely expected to show a new emphasis on hardware, challenging rivals Apple and Amazon and launching a new strategy for the online giant. While the company has offered no official preview, it is expected to unveil a new line of Google-branded smartphones, a tablet and a home virtual assistant. Analysts anticipate that the internet titan will expand on a vision laid out by chief Sundar Pichai at its developers conference early this year. The strategy would seek to take Google's strength in software and merge that with its devices, as Apple, Amazon and smartphone leader Samsung all work to get a tighter grip on consumers. Google fired off a Twitter message with hashtag #madebygoogle and a video of what appeared to be a long rectangular search term box morphing into a silhouette of a smartphone. "They did call it out as a smartphone event," Gartner analyst Brian Blau said. "It is an opportunity for Google to show off its latest devices." Industry trackers anticipate Google will show off its own smartphone, showcasing the prowess of its new Nougat version of its Android mobile software. Google may stamp its latest smartphones with a "Pixel" brand instead of the "Nexus" name it has used in the past for Android smartphones it has made in collaborations with partners. Google has worked with handset makers in the past to field smartphones showing off the full potential of Android mobile operating software, which it makes available free to device makers. By stressing something "made by Google," the California company has triggered speculation it would push a premium smartphone line of its own against the likes of Apple and Samsung. Apple recently released new iPhone 7 models, along with its new-generation iOS 10 mobile operating system. Samsung meanwhile has been struggling with a recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 handsets due to complaints of exploding batteries. Taking on Echo The Google gathering is expected to go beyond smartphones, however, with the company possibly showing off a new Chromecast device for streaming online content to television screens, a Wi-Fi router, and perhaps announcing when it will release Google Home virtual assistant. Blau anticipated that Google will build on announcements it made at the developers conference, along with revealing partnerships for apps or services intended to make devices more enticing. At the gathering in May, Google unveiled a virtual home assistant that will challenge Amazon's Echo and laid out a future rich with artificial intelligence. Google Home, about the size of a stout vase, was to hit the market by the end of this year, but exact timing and pricing was not disclosed. Home devices will incorporate new Google virtual assistant software introduced by Pichai. "Our ability to do conversational understanding is far ahead of what other virtual assistants can do," Pichai said at the developers conference. "We are an order of magnitude ahead of everyone else." Home devices combine machine learning, online search, voice recognition and more to allow people to get answers to questions, manage tasks, or control devices by speaking naturally, demonstrations showed. Home will synch with Chromecast devices that allow remote control of televisions or stereo systems, and with "smart" devices made by Google-owned Nest and other companies, company executives promised. Daydreaming Blau also expected the Google event to feature news about Daydream, a virtual reality platform that the company said is coming. That could manifest in the form of a headset into which Daydream-enabled phones serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. "Daydream does go hand-in-hand with the smartphones," Blau said. Some reports ay the event could include the debut of a seven-inch tablet computer made by Chinese consumer electronics giant Huawei and running on Google software. Andromeda strain As the event neared, speculation mounted that Google might also discuss a long-anticipate merging of its Chrome and Android operating systems, and introduce a new Pixel laptop powered by the software. Google might call the new operating system "Andromeda," according to some reports. "The new Andromeda OS is expected to bring some of the desktop-like capabilities of Chrome into Android to form a super OS that could work across smartphones, tablets, and notebook-style form factors," Technalysis Research chief analyst Bob O'Donnell said Such a new desktop style operating system would have the potential to challenge Microsoft Windows and Apple MacOS software for powering computers. "Google has such a smorgasbord of things they could be doing," Forrester analyst Frank Gillett told AFP. "It doesn't sound like we will see from them what we need to see on Android, which is to stop the forking." A longstanding lamentation about Android is that device makers or carriers tend not to update custom versions of the operating systems when improvements or security fixes are released. The splitting of Android software, or "forking," has created a situation in which one almost needs to toss out old handsets and buy new ones to upgrade operating systems, according to the analyst. "The rate at which Android handsets get updated is abominable," Gillett said. "It is a market where Android handsets are throw-aways." — AFP Share this news: Lifestyle Opinion Property Education Media & Marketing Community Photos Home Contact Us RSS Archive Advertise with Us View desktop version Copyright © 2016 Sun Media Corporation Sdn. Bhd. All rights reserved.
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 15 P/CLOUDY TOKYO (11 p.m.) Markets 110.71 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Alphabet CEO and Google cofounder Larry Page speaks at the Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco in November. | AP Business / Tech Event to highlight firm's new emphasis Google set to flex hardware muscle in new strategy for internet giant AFP-JIJI Oct 2, 2016 Article history Online: Oct 02, 2016 Last Modified: Oct 02, 2016 PRINT SHARE SAN FRANCISCO – A high-profile Google event Tuesday is widely expected to highlight a new emphasis on hardware, challenging rivals Apple and Amazon and launching a new strategy for the online giant. While the company has offered no official preview, it is expected to unveil a new line of Google-branded smartphones, a tablet and a home virtual assistant. Analysts anticipate that the internet titan will expand on a vision laid out by chief Sundar Pichai at its developers conference early this year. The strategy would seek to take Google’s strength in software and merge that with its devices as Apple, Amazon and smartphone leader Samsung all work to get a tighter grip on consumers. Google fired off a Twitter message with hashtag #madebygoogle and a video of what appeared to be a long rectangular search term box morphing into a silhouette of a smartphone. “They did call it out as a smartphone event,” Gartner analyst Brian Blau said. “It is an opportunity for Google to show off its latest devices.” Industry trackers anticipate Google will show off its own smartphone, showcasing the prowess of its new Nougat version of its Android mobile software. Google may stamp its latest smartphones with a “Pixel” brand instead of the “Nexus” name it has used in the past for Android smartphones it has made in collaborations with partners. The internet giant has worked with handset makers in the past to field smartphones showing off the full potential of Android mobile operating software, which it makes available free to device makers. By stressing something “made by Google,” the California company has triggered speculation it would push a premium smartphone line of its own against the likes of Apple and Samsung. Apple recently released new iPhone 7 models, along with its new-generation iOS 10 mobile operating system. Samsung meanwhile has been struggling with a recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 handsets due to complaints of exploding batteries. The Google gathering is expected to go beyond smartphones, however, with the company possibly showing off a new Chromecast device for streaming online content to television screens, a Wi-Fi router, and perhaps announcing when it will release Google Home virtual assistant. Blau anticipated that Google will build on announcements it made at the developers conference, along with revealing partnerships for apps or services intended to make devices more enticing. At the gathering in May, Google unveiled a virtual home assistant that will challenge Amazon’s Echo and laid out a future rich with artificial intelligence. Google Home, about the size of a stout vase, was to hit the market by the end of this year, but exact timing and pricing was not disclosed. Home devices will incorporate new Google virtual assistant software introduced by Pichai. “Our ability to do conversational understanding is far ahead of what other virtual assistants can do,” Pichai said at the developers conference. “We are an order of magnitude ahead of everyone else.” Home devices combine machine learning, online search, voice recognition and more to allow people to get answers to questions, manage tasks, or control devices by speaking naturally, demonstrations showed. Home will synch with Chromecast devices that allow remote control of televisions or stereo systems, and with “smart” devices made by Google-owned Nest and other companies, company executives promised. Blau also expected the Google event to feature news about Daydream, a virtual reality platform that the company said is coming. That could manifest in the form of a headset into which Daydream-enabled phones serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. “Daydream does go hand-in-hand with the smartphones,” Blau said. Some reports ay the event could include the debut of a 7-inch tablet computer made by Chinese consumer electronics giant Huawei and running on Google software. As the event neared, speculation mounted that Google might also discuss a long-anticipate merging of its Chrome and Android operating systems, and introduce a new Pixel laptop powered by the software. Google might call the new operating system “Andromeda,” according to some reports. “The new Andromeda OS is expected to bring some of the desktoplike capabilities of Chrome into Android to form a super OS that could work across smartphones, tablets, and notebook-style form factors,” Technalysis Research chief analyst Bob O’Donnell said. Such a new desktop-style operating system would have the potential to challenge Microsoft Windows and Apple MacOS software for powering computers. “Google has such a smorgasbord of things they could be doing,” said Forrester analyst Frank Gillett. “It doesn’t sound like we will see from them what we need to see on Android, which is to stop the forking.” A long-standing lamentation about Android is that device makers or carriers tend not to update custom versions of the operating systems when improvements or security fixes are released. The splitting of Android software — “forking” — has created a situation in which one almost needs to toss out old handsets and buy new ones to upgrade operating systems, according to the analyst. “The rate at which Android handsets get updated is abominable,” Gillett said. “It is a market where Android handsets are throwaways.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Apple, computers, Google, Internet, Samsung, Smartphones Business Dollar tops ¥110.50 on U.S. rate hike expectations Nikkei climbs to 10-month high Robot-run Henn na Hotel in Nagasaki enters Guinness book Kerry to Kishida: U.S. has not given up hope on TPP Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Japan’s permanent residency rules may be loosened to lure global talent Fukuoka street reopens a week after massive sinkhole appeared Trump’s lesson: You can lie your way to the very top Trump security adviser sought to reassure Suga on Japan policy: source Hollywood Walk of Fame honors late samurai star Toshiro Mifune A priest’s advice for anti-Trump protesters Work for us Japan government panel halves price of cancer drug Opdivo Record 40% of Japanese sleep less than six hours a day Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
null
null
null
null
null
null
Friday 18 Nov 2016 / Tehran - 17:36 / GMT - 14:06 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Sat Oct 01, 2016 1:43 Android Malware That Can Infiltrate Corporate Networks Spreading Across App Stores Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- An Android malware is spreading across app stores, including Google Play, and has the capability of stealing sensitive files from corporate networks. DressCode, a family of Android malware, has been found circulating in at least 3,000 Trojanized apps, security firm Trend Micro said on Friday. DressCode hides itself inside games, user interface themes, and phone optimization boosters. It can also be difficult to detect because the malicious coding only makes up a small portion of the overall app. On Google Play, Trend Micro found more than 400 apps that are part of the DressCode family, it said. That's 10 times more than what security researchers at Check Point noticed a month ago. Trend Micro added that one these apps on Google Play had been installed 100,000 to 500,000 times. Once installed, DressCode's malicious coding will contact its command and control servers and receive orders from its developers. The malware is particularly dangerous because it can infiltrate whatever internet network the infected device connects to. Imagine a user bringing a phone to the office and connecting to the corporate network. The makers of DressCode could use the phone as a springboard to hack into the corporate network or download sensitive files, Trend Micro said. "With the growth of Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) programs, more enterprises are exposing themselves to risk via carefree employee mobile usage," the security firm said. According to Trend Micro, 82 percent of businesses have BYOD programs, allowing their employees to use personal devices for work functions.   The DressCode malware can also be used to turn infected devices into a botnet. This allows the infected devices to carry out distributed denial-of-service (DDOS) attacks or be used to send spam. Trend Micro has found DressCode infecting enterprise users in the US, France, Ukraine, and other countries. The security firm is advising that users always check the online reviews for whatever apps they download.   Users can also install Trend Micro's mobile security products to protect themselves. Google didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the malware.         LATEST STORIES (38) Intelligence Minister: Enemies Unable to Distort Security in Iran Senior Cleric Blasts US for Sponsoring Terrorism in Region Iran Calls for Lifting Visa Barrier with Russia Entire Members of Terrorist Group Killed in Clashes with Syrian Army in Deir Ezzur Iran, Norway Ink MoU on Oilfield Development Official: Poland Willing to Cooperate with Iran's Nat'l Tanker Company Official: Airbus to Deliver First Passenger Plane to Iran by Yearend Syrian Military Forces Target Terrorists' Bases in Different Parts of Homs Province Terrorist Centers in Hama Province Receive Sever Blow in Syrian Air Raids Iran, Brazil Opt for Expansion of Economic Cooperation Nusra Centers in Southwestern Damascus Targeted Badly in Syrian Army Attack Official: Iran, Russia Can Boost Aerospace Cooperation Iran's IAEA Envoy: G5+1 Must Avoid Steps Undermining Nuclear Deal NIOC Inks 3 MoUs with Giant Russian Oil Firms Syria in Last 24 Hours: Terrorists Sustain Heavy Losses in Army Offensive in Deir Ezzur Intelligence Minister: Enemies Unable to Distort Security in Iran TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Intelligence Minister Seyed Mahmoud Alavi underlined that the country's armed and security forces are capable of safeguarding tranquility and security of the people, and said the enemies are not able to harm Iran. Senior Cleric Blasts US for Sponsoring Terrorism in Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Tehran's provisional Friday Prayers Leader Ayatollah Mohammad Emami Kashani blasted the US for supporting and sponsoring the terrorist groups in the Middle East region. Iran Calls for Lifting Visa Barrier with Russia TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Ebrahim Rahimpour voiced Iran's readiness to lift visa requirements between Tehran and Moscow. Entire Members of Terrorist Group Killed in Clashes with Syrian Army in Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army troops engaged in fierce clashes with a group of ISIL terrorists in the Southern countryside of Deir Ezzur city, killing all fighters of the group. Iran, Norway Ink MoU on Oilfield Development TEHRAN (FNA)- National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) and Norway's DNO signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) on the development of an oilfield. Official: Poland Willing to Cooperate with Iran's Nat'l Tanker Company TEHRAN (FNA)- National Iranian Tanker Company announced that Poland has voiced its willingness to cooperate with NITC in the field of joint investment in marine transportation of oil and gas products. Official: Airbus to Deliver First Passenger Plane to Iran by Yearend TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior Iranian aviation official announced that the giant aviation company, Airbus, will deliver the first passenger airplane to Iran by the end of 2016. Syrian Military Forces Target Terrorists' Bases in Different Parts of Homs Province TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army troops targeted terrorist group's concentration centers in 11 towns, villages and regions in Northern, Northeastern, Northwestern and Eastern Homs, inflicting a number of casualties on the militants. Terrorist Centers in Hama Province Receive Sever Blow in Syrian Air Raids TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Air Force carried out a number of combat flights over terrorists' gatherings in at least twelve different regions in Northern Hama, inflicting major damage on militants' equipment. Iran, Brazil Opt for Expansion of Economic Cooperation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Economy Minister Ali Tayyebnia and Brazilian Minister of Industry and Commerce Marcos Pereira in a meeting in Brasilia underlined the need for broadening of mutual cooperation in different fields, specially economic and trade areas. Nusra Centers in Southwestern Damascus Targeted Badly in Syrian Army Attack TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army soldiers targeted the concentration centers of Fatah al-Sham Front (previously known as the al-Nusra Front) in Western Ghouta, killing or wounding a number of militants and destroying their weapons. Official: Iran, Russia Can Boost Aerospace Cooperation TEHRAN (FNA)- Head of Iran's National Space Center Manouchehr Manteqi underlined that Tehran and Moscow can further boost their cooperation in aerospace fields. Iran's IAEA Envoy: G5+1 Must Avoid Steps Undermining Nuclear Deal TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Reza Najafi called on the western countries to respect the nuclear agreement they have signed with Tehran in July 2015. NIOC Inks 3 MoUs with Giant Russian Oil Firms TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior energy official announced that the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) has signed three memoranda of understanding (MoUs) with leading Russian oil companies. Syria in Last 24 Hours: Terrorists Sustain Heavy Losses in Army Offensive in Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army attacked the terrorists in Deir Ezzur province, and inflicted heavy losses on the militants over the past 24 hours. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2016 ©
null
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition November 25 Donald Trump's Russia Dilemma New Skin Patch Protects Against Peanut Allergy Attacks Inside Zurich's Drive-Up 'Sex Box' Business Donald Trump's Russia Dilemma View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out World Google Warned of Large EU Fine Over Android Practices Seen as Stifling Competitors By Reuters On 10/1/16 at 11:24 AM Close World Google European Union EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. Pawel Kopczynski/Reuters The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. Related Stories Is Google's Alphabet Getting Too Big? Is YouTube Google's Answer to Facebook? Google is Finding Geopolitics a Tricky Balancing Act The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google which has previously denied any wrongdoing, did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Separately, the Commission is investigating whether Google favors its own shopping service over those of rivals, and could also fine it in that case. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2016 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe November 18 Issue The Role Gender Played in the Presidential Election How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory How Donald Trump Surfed Public Anger to the Presidency November 11 Issue Budweiser's Battle for Beer Market Dominance The Hacker’s Pearl Harbor The Cow Defense October 28 Issue Colorado Springs Teens Keep Killing Themselves Experts Suspect New Dead Sea Scroll Fragments Are Fake Donald the Destroyer October 21 Issue Swipe for Safer Sex Roosh V: From Pickup Artist to Right-Wing Provocateur The New ISIS Crisis Browse Archives
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, November 18, 2016 10:03 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Software star Google expected to flex hardware muscle Sunday October 2, 2016 10:34 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Arts festival looks at what goes into a plate of food Street protests against Islamic law, Jakim tells Muslims Astronauts back on earth after China’s longest-ever mission With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article David Singleton, Director of Android Wear, speaks during the Google I/O developers conference in San Francisco May 28, 2015. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, Oct 2 ― A high-profile Google event Tuesday is widely expected to show a new emphasis on hardware, challenging rivals Apple and Amazon and launching a new strategy for the online giant. While the company has offered no official preview, it is expected to unveil a new line of Google-branded smartphones, a tablet and a home virtual assistant. Analysts anticipate that the internet titan will expand on a vision laid out by chief Sundar Pichai at its developers conference early this year. The strategy would seek to take Google’s strength in software and merge that with its devices, as Apple, Amazon and smartphone leader Samsung all work to get a tighter grip on consumers. Google fired off a Twitter message with hashtag #madebygoogle and a video of what appeared to be a long rectangular search term box morphing into a silhouette of a smartphone. “They did call it out as a smartphone event,” Gartner analyst Brian Blau said. “It is an opportunity for Google to show off its latest devices.” Industry trackers anticipate Google will show off its own smartphone, showcasing the prowess of its new Nougat version of its Android mobile software. Google may stamp its latest smartphones with a “Pixel” brand instead of the “Nexus” name it has used in the past for Android smartphones it has made in collaborations with partners. Google has worked with handset makers in the past to field smartphones showing off the full potential of Android mobile operating software, which it makes available free to device makers. By stressing something “made by Google,” the California company has triggered speculation it would push a premium smartphone line of its own against the likes of Apple and Samsung. Apple recently released new iPhone 7 models, along with its new-generation iOS 10 mobile operating system. Samsung meanwhile has been struggling with a recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 handsets due to complaints of exploding batteries. Taking on Echo The Google gathering is expected to go beyond smartphones, however, with the company possibly showing off a new Chromecast device for streaming online content to television screens, a Wi-Fi router, and perhaps announcing when it will release Google Home virtual assistant. Blau anticipated that Google will build on announcements it made at the developers conference, along with revealing partnerships for apps or services intended to make devices more enticing. At the gathering in May, Google unveiled a virtual home assistant that will challenge Amazon’s Echo and laid out a future rich with artificial intelligence. Google Home, about the size of a stout vase, was to hit the market by the end of this year, but exact timing and pricing was not disclosed. Home devices will incorporate new Google virtual assistant software introduced by Pichai. “Our ability to do conversational understanding is far ahead of what other virtual assistants can do,” Pichai said at the developers conference. “We are an order of magnitude ahead of everyone else.” Home devices combine machine learning, online search, voice recognition and more to allow people to get answers to questions, manage tasks, or control devices by speaking naturally, demonstrations showed. Home will synch with Chromecast devices that allow remote control of televisions or stereo systems, and with “smart” devices made by Google-owned Nest and other companies, company executives promised. Daydreaming Blau also expected the Google event to feature news about Daydream, a virtual reality platform that the company said is coming. That could manifest in the form of a headset into which Daydream-enabled phones serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. “Daydream does go hand-in-hand with the smartphones,” Blau said. Some reports say the event could include the debut of a seven-inch tablet computer made by Chinese consumer electronics giant Huawei and running on Google software. Andromeda strain As the event neared, speculation mounted that Google might also discuss a long-anticipate merging of its Chrome and Android operating systems, and introduce a new Pixel laptop powered by the software. Google might call the new operating system “Andromeda,” according to some reports. “The new Andromeda OS is expected to bring some of the desktop-like capabilities of Chrome into Android to form a super OS that could work across smartphones, tablets, and notebook-style form factors,” Technalysis Research chief analyst Bob O’Donnell said  Such a new desktop style operating system would have the potential to challenge Microsoft Windows and Apple MacOS software for powering computers. “Google has such a smorgasbord of things they could be doing,” Forrester analyst Frank Gillett told AFP. “It doesn’t sound like we will see from them what we need to see on Android, which is to stop the forking.” A longstanding lamentation about Android is that device makers or carriers tend not to update custom versions of the operating systems when improvements or security fixes are released. The splitting of Android software, or “forking,” has created a situation in which one almost needs to toss out old handsets and buy new ones to upgrade operating systems, according to the analyst. “The rate at which Android handsets get updated is abominable,” Gillett said. “It is a market where Android handsets are throw-aways.” ― AFP                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Pushing the limits of science at the first Cyborg Olympics (VIDEO) Facebook fake news writer on how he possibly influenced the US election Soar above the planet’s most spectacular sights with Google Earth VR (VIDEO) Udacity, an online learning startup, offers tech job trials Cyber hack of UK’s Three put six million customers at risk, Telegraph reports Sony’s PS3 celebrates 10-year anniversary WhatsApp joins rivals from Snapchat to WeChat in video calls Facebook accidentally declares some users dead, including founder Zuckerberg Tinder launches transgender-inclusive update, allowing users to select personalised gender identity (VIDEO) Best smartphones for holiday 2016 Most Watched Now Week Bloomberg Video: Resurrecting Jaguar’s legendary XKSS supercar Neil Patrick Harris stars as Count Olaf in trailer for ‘A Series of Unfortunate Events’ ‘Fantastic Beasts’ of the TSA with James Corden, Eddie Redmayne Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Reuters Video: Thailand sinks boats to tackle illegal fishing Related Articles Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google to name and shame the web’s worst malware offenders Daydream View brings Google’s VR experience to five countries Updates and fixes in store for iOS and Android Google hawks hardware in real-world ‘showroom’ Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
X ALL SECTIONS HOME BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME business Macroeconomics Stock tips Auto Property G2G deals in Q4 to boost rice exports  by   PETCHANET PRATRUANGKRAI THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:34 Online Korea TV shows provider ‘violated Copyright Act’ by  PETCHANET PRATRUANGKRAI, WATCHIRANONT THONGTEP THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:37 Trend of disruptive technologies to affect daily lives increasingly by KWANCHAI RUNGFAPAISARN THE NATION Nov 16,2016 18:15 Broadband connectivity key to wide-ranging progress in Asia-Pacific, says ITU by USANEE MONGKOLPORN THE NATION Nov 16,2016 18:19 Media by SCB Securities Sep 22,2016 15:36 Food by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:36 Workpoint Entertainment by Kasikorn Securities Sep 20,2016 18:43 CP All by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:39 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends by THE NATION Oct 31,2016 19:01 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand by Oct 30,2016 18:34 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE by Oct 30,2016 18:39 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report by Agence France-Presse Oct 19,2016 15:27 New Takeoffs by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:26 Top developers buck trends, post good revenue by   SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:47 Co-working spaces proving to be popular with small businesses by THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:51 Vietnam’s city Da Nang to adjust its master plan by   VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK DA NANG, VIETNAM Nov 17,2016 18:53 national politics ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries Vietnam extends runway on island claimed by China: monitor by Agence France-Presse Nov 18,2016 18:24 Marcos laid to rest in ‘sneaky’ rites at Libingan ng mga Bayani by Tarra Quismundo Philippine Daily Inquirer Asia News Network Nov 18,2016 13:38 Malaysians to rally against prime minister, demand resignation by Deutsche Presse Agentur Nov 18,2016 13:06 No, I did not marry a snake, says firefighter by DINA MURAD The Star Asia News Network PETALING JAYA Nov 18,2016 08:59 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 Island of the gods by Urisara Kowitdamrong The Nation South Korea Oct 25,2016 22:09 Bhutan sees a drop in tourist arrivals by Kuensel Asia News Network THIMPHU, Bhutan Sep 28,2016 17:24 Indonesia envisions Bali as gastronomy tourism destination by The Jakarta Post Asia News Network JAKARTA Sep 28,2016 13:39 Reflections on an Asian world by Huang Lijie The Straits Times Asia News Network Oct 28,2016 20:13 Music for His Majesty by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Oct 28,2016 16:07 Apple introduces MacBook with touch screen functions by Deutsche Presse Agentur Oct 28,2016 07:52 Lotus cuisine, food for the soul by Hà Nguyen Vietnam News HANOI Sep 28,2016 17:32 ASEAN foods whet appetites at culinary festival by Korea Herald Asia News Network Nov 08,2016 09:35 Michelin names two 3-star eateries in first Seoul guide by Nov 07,2016 16:00 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor Trump and the granting of reckless wishes by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:05 When tough guys finish first by The Nation Nov 16,2016 18:03 A moment when all seemed possible by The Nation Nov 15,2016 17:59 In Myanmar, a shocking setback for democracy by The Nation Nov 14,2016 18:12 City Hall has shredded its own reputation by Nov 17,2016 18:09 Trump was stupid, but not racist or misogynistic  by Nov 17,2016 18:10 Thai farmers being thrown to wolves of the market  by Nov 17,2016 18:12 Open letter to Myanmar leaders on abuse of media freedom by Nov 16,2016 18:07 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out Jinyang Palace of Sui Dynasty found in Shanxi by China Daily Asia News Network China Nov 18,2016 09:17 Four days in ‘THE FIELDS’ by THE NATION Nov 17,2016 15:11 Celebrity chefs swap kitchen delights by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 17,2016 15:30 Button up your overcoat by THE NATION Nov 16,2016 16:46 Back from hiatus, Metallica still angry by Agence France-Presse Nov 17,2016 07:10 Bieber tops MTV Europe awards, as Beyonce snubbed by Agence France-Presse Nov 07,2016 09:18 Four Stars are born Asia-wide contest by THE NATION Oct 20,2016 20:06 Bryan Adams and Blue Man show postponed by The Nation Oct 18,2016 13:13 DISNEY takes a tiki turn by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION SINGAPORE Nov 17,2016 15:43 In celebration of ‘Mexicanidad’ by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 10,2016 14:38 The other face of Asean by The Nation Nov 10,2016 14:41 Odyssey into the UNKNOWN by The Nation Nov 03,2016 15:56 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 Curry with a healthy twist by THE NATION Aug 26,2016 16:41 Fabulous food, wonderful wines by Manta Klangboonkrong THE NATI Jul 06,2016 16:29 TECH travel Check in Around Thailand Getaways Travel news Bedding down in The Bund by Phoowadon Duangmee The Nation Shanghai, China Nov 01,2016 17:12 Basking in sea of opulence by PATCHAREE LUENGUTHAI SPECIAL TO THE NATION VIETNAM Oct 25,2016 21:58 Sun, sea and stunning views by Chusri Ngamprasert The Nation Sep 27,2016 23:24 Paws for thought by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG TH Sep 06,2016 21:48 Blasts from the past by THE NATION Nov 15,2016 20:50 Delicious dining in the air by THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:58 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 The Victory Monument was built to celebrate Thailand's victory, in 1941, in a war against which European nation? by Travel quiz Nov 01,2016 10:55 Busy Days, Blissful Nights by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:49 Winter with a wow factor by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 01,2016 17:23 Bliss by the beach by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Oct 11,2016 20:35 Getting high in the low season by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE Sep 06,2016 22:03 Hue to reopen exhibit of Champa antiques by VIET NAM NEWS/asian news networks Nov 04,2016 11:31 TAT updates for the general public wishing to pay their respects to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 27,2016 16:19 THAI implemented a rescheduling/rerouting fee waiver by Thai Airways Oct 25,2016 10:39 Recommendations regarding Mourning Period for His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 21,2016 15:07 sports sunday Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Friday, November 18, 2016 BREAKINGNEWS Google expected to flex hardware muscle October 02, 2016 09:08 SAN FRANCISCO - A high-profile Google event Tuesday is widely expected to show a new emphasis on hardware, challenging rivals Apple and Amazon and launching a new strategy for the online giant. While the company has offered no official preview, it is expected to unveil a new line of Google-branded smartphones, a tablet and a home virtual assistant. Analysts anticipate that the internet titan will expand on a vision laid out by chief Sundar Pichai at its developers conference early this year. The strategy would seek to take Google's strength in software and merge that with its devices, as Apple, Amazon and smartphone leader Samsung all work to get a tighter grip on consumers. Google fired off a Twitter message with hashtag #madebygoogle and a video of what appeared to be a long rectangular search term box morphing into a silhouette of a smartphone. "They did call it out as a smartphone event," Gartner analyst Brian Blau said. "It is an opportunity for Google to show off its latest devices." Industry trackers anticipate Google will show off its own smartphone, showcasing the prowess of its new Nougat version of its Android mobile software. Google may stamp its latest smartphones with a "Pixel" brand instead of the "Nexus" name it has used in the past for Android smartphones it has made in collaborations with partners. Google has worked with handset makers in the past to field smartphones showing off the full potential of Android mobile operating software, which it makes available free to device makers. By stressing something "made by Google," the California company has triggered speculation it would push a premium smartphone line of its own against the likes of Apple and Samsung. Apple recently released new iPhone 7 models, along with its new-generation iOS 10 mobile operating system. Samsung meanwhile has been struggling with a recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 handsets due to complaints of exploding batteries. Taking on Echo The Google gathering is expected to go beyond smartphones, however, with the company possibly showing off a new Chromecast device for streaming online content to television screens, a Wi-Fi router, and perhaps announcing when it will release Google Home virtual assistant. Blau anticipated that Google will build on announcements it made at the developers conference, along with revealing partnerships for apps or services intended to make devices more enticing. At the gathering in May, Google unveiled a virtual home assistant that will challenge Amazon's Echo and laid out a future rich with artificial intelligence. Google Home, about the size of a stout vase, was to hit the market by the end of this year, but exact timing and pricing was not disclosed. Home devices will incorporate new Google virtual assistant software introduced by Pichai. "Our ability to do conversational understanding is far ahead of what other virtual assistants can do," Pichai said at the developers conference. "We are an order of magnitude ahead of everyone else." Home devices combine machine learning, online search, voice recognition and more to allow people to get answers to questions, manage tasks, or control devices by speaking naturally, demonstrations showed. Home will synch with Chromecast devices that allow remote control of televisions or stereo systems, and with "smart" devices made by Google-owned Nest and other companies, company executives promised. Daydreaming Blau also expected the Google event to feature news about Daydream, a virtual reality platform that the company said is coming. That could manifest in the form of a headset into which Daydream-enabled phones serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. "Daydream does go hand-in-hand with the smartphones," Blau said. Some reports ay the event could include the debut of a seven-inch tablet computer made by Chinese consumer electronics giant Huawei and running on Google software. Andromeda strain As the event neared, speculation mounted that Google might also discuss a long-anticipate merging of its Chrome and Android operating systems, and introduce a new Pixel laptop powered by the software. Google might call the new operating system "Andromeda," according to some reports. "The new Andromeda OS is expected to bring some of the desktop-like capabilities of Chrome into Android to form a super OS that could work across smartphones, tablets, and notebook-style form factors," Technalysis Research chief analyst Bob O'Donnell said Such a new desktop style operating system would have the potential to challenge Microsoft Windows and Apple MacOS software for powering computers. "Google has such a smorgasbord of things they could be doing," Forrester analyst Frank Gillett told AFP. "It doesn't sound like we will see from them what we need to see on Android, which is to stop the forking." A longstanding lamentation about Android is that device makers or carriers tend not to update custom versions of the operating systems when improvements or security fixes are released. The splitting of Android software, or "forking," has created a situation in which one almost needs to toss out old handsets and buy new ones to upgrade operating systems, according to the analyst. "The rate at which Android handsets get updated is abominable," Gillett said. "It is a market where Android handsets are throw-aways." - AFP Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days Fire breaks out at Pattaya discotheque early Thursday... A fire broke out at a popular discothequ... breakingnews Nov 17,2016 08:46 Prince William warns of looming threat of extinction... HANOI - Britain's Prince William on Thur... breakingnews Nov 17,2016 12:44 Japanese father seeks to stop ‘Pokemon Go’ deaths... A father whose son was killed last month... breakingnews Nov 17,2016 14:29 Back from hiatus, Metallica still angry... PARIS - Back with its first album in eig... life Nov 17,2016 07:10 Sanders demands Trump drop far-right advisor Bannon... WASHINGTON - Bernie Sanders on Wednesday... breakingnews Nov 17,2016 07:20 Coldest winter in 100 years awaits Mongolia... The German meteorologist Dominik Jung sa... breakingnews Nov 11,2016 14:34 New Royal Anthem film released... New Royal Anthem film was released Monda... breakingnews Nov 14,2016 10:08 Tsunami hit New Zealand after quake... A tsunami has hit after an earthquake st... breakingnews Nov 13,2016 20:35 International media, rights groups call for release of Eleven Media jo... Bangkok – Several international media ... breakingnews Nov 12,2016 12:00 Asia News Network calls for immediate release of Eleven Media journali... Kolkata - Editors of the Asia News Netwo... breakingnews Nov 12,2016 11:56 'Thai King: An Everlasting Light' - Artists from 8 nations sing for la... A group of international artists from 8 ... breakingnews Oct 24,2016 11:50 Huge turnout at Sanam Luang for mass singing of Royal Anthem... Huge crowds of black-clad mourners from ... breakingnews Oct 22,2016 12:09 Tanongsak lands World Superseries Premier title in Denmark Open... Devastating left-hander Tanongsak Saenso... sports Oct 23,2016 20:01 Google denies monitoring posts by Thais... Google has denied it is monitoring posts... breakingnews Oct 22,2016 14:19 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report... TOKYO - Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn will b... business Oct 19,2016 03:27 Join with us Home BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close
null
North America: +1-866-798-4426 APAC: +61 (0) 2 9191 7427 Europe: +44 (0) 20 3411 8378 Contact Login Careers Client Support Official Pythian Blog search ✕ Solutions IT Business Solutions Data Enablement Software Velocity Reliable, Scalable IT Professional Services IT Strategy + Consulting Services Implementation Services Managed Services Technology Practices Advanced Analytics Big Data Cloud Databases DevOps Infrastructure Management Technologies Amazon Web Services Microsoft Azure Google Cloud Platform Cassandra Hadoop MySQL Oracle Oracle EBS Microsoft SQL Server Resources Overview White Papers eBooks Webinars Data Sheets Articles Presentations Videos Clients About Leadership Team Board of Directors Experts Careers Partners Social Responsibility Pythia Index Newsroom Events Worldwide Offices Contact Blog CONTACT US Insight and analysis of technology and business strategy Subscribe Privacy Policy Business Insights Technical Track Pythian Life Pythian Now Offers Google BigQuery Services To Its Enterprise Customers by Pythian News September 29, 2016 Posted in: Business Insights Pythian, a 400-person global IT services company that helps companies adopt disruptive technologies to better compete, announced today that it now offers expert consulting and managed services for Google BigQuery’s cloud data warehouse. Pythian is equipped to plan, implement and manage enterprise migrations to Google Cloud Platform and help enterprises take advantage of BigQuery’s capabilities, utilizing Google Cloud Platform Qualified Solutions Developers and Data Analysts. Pythian’s latest white paper, “A Framework for Migrating Your Data Warehouse to Google BigQuery” outlines a process, areas to consider, as well as frequently asked questions and concerns when undertaking a project of this nature. “BigQuery opens up many new opportunities for big enterprises to extract more value from their data quickly and helps remove adoption barriers,” said Alex Gorbachev, Pythian’s Chief Digital Officer. “As it’s different from traditional infrastructure-as-a-service cloud solutions, we bring expertise and experience to help bridge the gap for companies so they can use everything Google has to offer, wherever they are in their cloud journey.” Recently, one of Pythian’s retail customers needed to ingest and process a stream of live in-store visitor location data from more than 2,500 stores worldwide, with more than 4,000 daily visitors in each location. Gorbachev described the solution Pythian built as “a cost-effective real-time data pipeline on Google Cloud Platform with BigQuery at its center serving analytical queries.” Pythian has collaborated on a number of Google Cloud Platform service launches. Pythian was one of a select group of recommended partners for Kubernetes, as well as  Google Cloud Dataproc, Google Cloud Bigtable, Google Cloud SQL and Google Cloud Dataflow. Earlier in the week, at HbaseCon East, Pythian presented an integrated solution of OpenTSDB with Google Cloud Bigtable. Visit Pythian online for more on its solutions for Google Cloud Platform. Pythian will be sponsoring Google NEXT in London, UK, on October 20, 2016. To learn more about Google Cloud Platform and BigQuery, view our webpage, and watch our video series. Media contact: Lynda Partner, media@pythian.com 613-794-8474. email No related posts. Want to talk with a technical expert? Schedule a tech call with our team to get the conversation started. Pythian News No comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Follow Pythian Pythian helps companies adopt disruptive technologies to advance innovation and increase agility. Pythian Expertise Related Posts No related posts. Popular Business Insights Posts Do You Know Your Customers? The Truth Behind Millennial Shopping Habits 27,296 views 7 Best Practices for Preparing Your Database for Black Friday 24,984 views Pythian Raises $6 Million to Help Retailers Eliminate Data Security Breaches 14,650 views Watch: Hadoop vs. Cassandra 8,399 views Privacy Policy Innovate today with Pythian. column 1 IT BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Data Enablement Software Velocity Reliable, Scalable IT TECHNOLOGY PRACTICES Advanced Analytics Big Data Cloud Databases DevOps Infrastructure Management PROFESSIONAL SERVICES IT Strategy + Consulting Services Implementation Services Managed Services column 2 TECHNOLOGIES Amazon Web Services Cassandra Microsoft Azure Google Cloud Platform Hadoop MySQL Oracle Oracle EBS Microsoft SQL Server CLIENTS RESOURCES Resources White Papers eBooks Webinars Data Sheets Articles Presentations Videos column 3 ABOUT About Leadership Team Board of Directors Experts Careers Social Responsibility Pythia Index Newsroom Events Worldwide Offices Contact BLOG © Copyright 2016 The Pythian Group Inc. ®ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. PYTHIAN®, LOVE YOUR DATA®, and ADMINISCOPE® are trademarks and registered trademarks owned by Pythian in North America and certain other countries, and are valuable assets of our company. Other brands, product and company names on this website may be trademarks or registered trademarks of Pythian or of third parties. Use of trademarks without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Weather Focus ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Business EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected Foo Yun Chee, Reuters Posted at Oct 02 2016 08:55 AM Share Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. Pawel Kopczynski, Reuters BRUSSELS -- EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's (GOOGL.O) Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favoring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Robin Pomeroy) Share Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Read More:  EU   European Union   Google   Android   Google Play Store   /business/09/02/16/google-shelves-plan-for-phone-with-interchangeable-parts-sources /business/09/20/16/google-smartphone-expected-at-oct-4-event /business/09/22/16/google-takes-aim-at-rivals-with-smart-messaging-app /business/09/30/16/google-asks-for-airspace-access-for-internet-balloons /video/business/09/29/16/google-ayala-malls-launch-worlds-first-youtube-lounge LATEST NEWS MOST READ Watch your self-ie! Study reveals country with most selfie deaths November 18, 2016 LOOK: Ateneo de Naga students walk out to condemn Marcos burial November 18, 2016 Marcos family has no respect for right of others: Colmenares November 18, 2016 Trailers, photos: Get to know this year's MMFF entries November 18, 2016 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs at VW brand by 2020 November 18, 2016 More than 100 downed by food poisoning in South Cotabato November 18, 2016 'Tokhang' surrenderer nabbed for selling shabu in Davao November 18, 2016 P130k worth of shabu seized in GenSan November 18, 2016 4 soldiers killed in Sulu clash with Abu Sayyaf November 18, 2016 La Salle's Mbala runaway winner of UAAP Season 79 MVP November 18, 2016 Filipino youth vow: Marcos burial won't silence us November 18, 2016 Davao group disappointed at Duterte, condemns Marcos burial November 18, 2016 Davao group disappointed at Duterte, condemns Marcos burial November 18, 2016 Biz groups react to Marcos burial November 18, 2016 Biz groups react to Marcos burial November 18, 2016 ERC director left 3 'suicide notes' before taking his own life Late dictator Marcos buried at Libingan ng mga Bayani It's official: BB Gandanghari is legally a woman Kerwin Espinosa vows to tell all WATCH: Kerwin Espinosa gives message to Duterte 8-year-old boy sings carols to feed baby sister WATCH: Imee posts more videos of Marcos burial in Libingan WATCH: Dingdong does 'Fast Talk' for the first time Marcos to be buried at Libingan ng mga Bayani on Friday: police Here are the films competing in MMFF 2016 ERC official who killed self resisted corruption: sister LOOK: BB Gandanghari gets naked on the beach Pinoy hits lotto jackpot in Canada WATCH: Kerwin Espinosa turned over to 'Bato' Opisyal ng Bureau of Customs, patay sa ambush sa Maynila BRAND NEWS Electricity rates go down again in November next BRAND NEWS Electricity rates go down again in November © 2016 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Business Home LBoard Arrests of Red Shirts imminent, says Guan Eng Predeep Nambiar Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected Reuters | October 2, 2016 Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. BRUSSELS: EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s (GOOGL.O) Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google’s Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google “cannot punish or threaten” companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission’s investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. “The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence,” it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob’s in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: “We look forward to showing the European Commission that we’ve designed the Android model in a way that’s good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region.” Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favoring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google’s operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Deutsche Bank executives heading to U.S. in coming days British royals head home after visit to Canada ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Police arrest Maria Chin after Bersih raid Student activist’s arrest latest in Bersih police… 7,000 cops on duty for Bersih 5 rally, roads closed Raid or no, the rally is still on, says lawyer Adam: I worked hard to buy a Proton Perdana at 19 Baju Merah mula berkumpul di Masjid Negara, Jamal tak muncul Japan to remove Malaysia from reduced-tariff list Bersih eve raid and arrests unjustifiable, says Suaram China’s Super Dan’s affair shocks fans 11-vehicle crash causes 10km jam on highway ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB TPP ain’t over till it’s over The real work isn’t in the streets Why did the ringgit fall despite China deals? Daripada ke Mekah, Dr Mahathir pilih berjuang Punchier rebuttals needed on criticism of ‘China deal’ Penang Transport Master Plan and the issue of social justice More... FMT Bahasa ‘Tangkapan di ambang Bersih 5 akan semarakkan perhimpunan esok’ Baju Merah juga akan ditangkap, kata Guan Eng NGO dakwa 3,000 ahli Umno sertai Baju Merah esok 8 orang sah ditangkap dalam operasi anti-rusuhan Ribuan rakyat Indonesia berhimpun Sabtu, promosi toleransi agama Bersih 5: Polis isytihar 11 zon larangan, 7,000 anggota bertugas More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Is Google's Alphabet getting too big? Newsweek 10/1/2016 Jitender Miglani, Quora Contributor Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Google's giant gains since IPO CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT Quora Questions are part of a partnership between Newsweek and Quora. Read more about the partnership here. Is Alphabet too big? Let me share few numbers to help answer this question. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 109.95 -0.04 -0.04% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▲ 60.64 +0.99 +1.66% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 756.40 +9.91 +1.33% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 69.19 -2.20 -3.08% 1. Alphabet's 2015 total revenues were $75 billion. Of these, $74.5 billion (99.4 percent of the total) were from Google and the remaining $0.5 billion were non-Google revenues. In terms of profits, non-Google companies had a segment operating loss of -$3.5 billion. 2. If we compare Alphabet to other technology companies in terms of revenues, there are few that are much bigger in size. Apple had $234 billion revenues in FY '15 (fiscal year ending September 2015). Microsoft had $93.5 billion revenues in FY '15 (fiscal year ending June 2015). However, if we look at market valuations, Alphabet is not much far behind Apple and is ahead of Microsoft. So, yes. Alphabet is getting too big in terms of market valuation. Market valuations change every second depending upon the stock price. On Feb. 2, Alphabet market capitalization was more than that of Apple. But, Apple quickly regained the number one spot. On Aug. 1, the top five most valuable companies in the world were technology companies. Alphabet was still holding the second spot. Just under 4 percent of Alphabet revenues in 2015 came from advertising. So, we can say that Google is a technology company that happens to be in the media business, just like Amazon is a technology company that happens to be in the retail business. It makes sense to compare Google with other media companies, just like we would compare Amazon with traditional retail companies such as Walmart.© Pascal Rossignol/Reuters Alphabet shares jumped after reporting strong quarterly earnings, making its combined share classes worth $568 billion, compared with Apple, which had a value of about $535 billion. The top 10 media companies in the U.S. in terms of 2015 revenues are: Comcast Corp., The Walt Disney Co., 21st Century Fox, Time Warner, CBS Corp., Viacom, News Corporation, Discovery Communications, Scripps Networks Interactive and Gannett Co. If we compare Alphabet to other media companies in terms of total revenues, then Alphabet is not only bigger than all of them, but also its revenues are growing much faster than all of them. Most of the media companies generate revenues from several different sources. If we just focus on advertising revenues and compare Alphabet to other media companies in terms of advertising revenues, then Alphabet is "too big". No other company comes closer or has a chance of coming closer. Just see this fact: Google generated $67.3 billion of revenues from advertising in 2015. On the other hand, the combined advertising revenues of U.S. top-10 media companies were $54.7 billion. So, Google generated more advertising revenues in 2015 than the combined advertising revenues of top 10 media companies. and they seem to be growing strong, even at such a large base. For more details, check out the following: Google vs US Media Top-10 - Revenues & Profits Why Alphabet Is More Valuable Than Apple? - Revenues & Profits Is Alphabet getting too big? originally appeared on Quora, the knowledge-sharing network where compelling questions are answered by people with unique insights.You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+.  Jitender Miglani is research director at R&P Research. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Newsweek Teachers Shouldn't Fear Robots Taking Over Their Jobs Newsweek Obama Calls on Trump to Stand Up To Putin Newsweek 135,000 Alcohol-Related Cancer Deaths Predicted by 2035 Newsweek Podcast: David Miliband on Trump, Brexit and New York Newsweek Newsweek View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 3 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google to tap Lazard to review potential Twitter bid Google is working with a financial adviser to consider a potential bid for Twitter Inc. Post to Facebook Google to tap Lazard to review potential Twitter bid Google is working with a financial adviser to consider a potential bid for Twitter Inc.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2dPrrvP {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Google to tap Lazard to review potential Twitter bid Alex Sherman and Mark Bergen, Bloomberg 7:36 p.m. EDT October 1, 2016 Google is working with a financial adviser to consider a potential bid for Twitter Inc. (Photo: Detroit News) Google is working with a financial adviser to consider a potential bid for Twitter Inc., as the social-media company continues to explore a sale, according to a person familiar with the arrangement. In tapping Lazard Ltd., Google hasn’t indicated it will definitely make an offer for Twitter. But the move suggests that Google is evaluating the option, pitting the search giant against other potential bidders including Walt Disney Co. and Salesforce.com Inc. Gina Scigliano, a Google spokeswoman, declined to comment.A Lazard spokeswoman couldn’t be reached for comment. Twitter hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Allen & Co. to solicit potential buyers after receiving interest from Salesforce, people familiar with the situation have said. The company, which has seen user growth stagnate for more than a year, has been trying to reshape its identify by focusing on video and live events. Google, the largest subsidiary of Alphabet Inc., has long been viewed as a natural suitor for the struggling social-media firm known for its 140-character Tweets. The companies have cut deals around advertising and mobile publishing products. Twitter recently agreed to integrate its content inside Google search results, after an earlier collaboration fell apart. Google’s previous social effort, centered on its Google Plus product, flopped, leaving the company without a viable service to rival its primary ads competitor Facebook Inc. Google’s recent focus, under Chief Executive Sundar Pichai, has been on artificial intelligence and cloud storage, not social networks. Lazard served as the financial adviser for Google’s $625 million takeover of software developer Apigee in September. The deal is expected to close by year’s end. To contact the reporters on this story: Alex Sherman in New York at asherman6@bloomberg.net, Mark Bergen in San Francisco at mbergen10@bloomberg.net. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2dPrrvP TOP VIDEOS Mary Barra, Michiganian of the Year 2:39 GM opens new Company Store at Renaissance Center 1:54 Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 ZF TRW automotive demonstrates self-driving technology 1:57 Building Mars spaceship parts in Metro Detroit 1:38 Tour the Detroit riverfront's industrial heart 2:27 Hamtramck’s Bon Bon Bon crafts artisan chocolates 3:55 Tomorrow's doctors have fun at the Little Medical School 0:39 New housing, retail development in New Center breaks ground 2:48
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, November 18, 2016 10:03 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected Sunday October 2, 2016 07:41 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Arts festival looks at what goes into a plate of food Street protests against Islamic law, Jakim tells Muslims Astronauts back on earth after China’s longest-ever mission With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. — Reuters picBRUSSELS, Oct 2 ― EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the US technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google’s Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google “cannot punish or threaten” companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission’s investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. “The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence,” it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob’s in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: “We look forward to showing the European Commission that we’ve designed the Android model in a way that’s good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region.” Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favouring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google’s operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. ― Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership Fintech association anticipates regional investments European stocks falter, euro hits 12-month dollar low Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Bloomberg Video: Resurrecting Jaguar’s legendary XKSS supercar Neil Patrick Harris stars as Count Olaf in trailer for ‘A Series of Unfortunate Events’ ‘Fantastic Beasts’ of the TSA with James Corden, Eddie Redmayne Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Reuters Video: Thailand sinks boats to tackle illegal fishing Related Articles Updates and fixes in store for iOS and Android ‘Breaking Bad’ star Aaron Paul confirmed for sci-fi thriller ‘Android’ Software star Google expected to flex hardware muscle Google smartphone expected at October 4 event Turn learning English into a game with Angry Birds Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg How To Keep Your Android Device Malware Free 1 October 2016, 7:02 pm EDT By Virginia DCruz Tech Times Android Marshmallow - Fascinating FactsNow Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Keeping Android devices free from malware is becoming a priority because apps are increasingly targeted by hackers. Here are the important tips for making Android devices safe during installation of apps and for removing infected ones.  ( Android ) Advertisement Finding a great Android app for mobile devices and downloading it could lead to a malware getting a free ride along with it. Getting Android devices to work at their full potential means downloading apps. However, with malware using apps to piggyback into mobile devices, it is becoming harder to know which ones are safe. In light of the new DressCode malware finding its way to apps in the Google Play Store, it has become imperative that Android users know how to avoid malware and deal with infected devices. Below are some tips on how to keep Android devices malware free: Use Legitimate Sites To Download Apps Heading to the Google Play Store is the preferred and primary method to find Android apps. However, with "DressCode" spreading to more than 400 apps on Google Play Store according to Trend Micro a few precautions need to be adopted. This includes checking reviews associated with the app before downloading them, because infected apps are often downloaded by users who do not check the problems already pointed out by others. Keep The Operating System Current Making sure the operating system on the mobile device has been updated to the latest version. Google and smartphone manufacturers are always sending out "bug fixes and enhancements" designed to keep devices secure. Employ A VPN On Public Wi-Fi Using public Wi-Fi could be popular, but Trend Micro encourages users to employ a VPN, as it protects data "sending and receiving through encryption." Get A Good Antivirus App Finding a good antivirus app is a solid step to ensure an Android device remains secure. With good options from Avast, McAfee, Kaspersky available, picking and choosing the one with the right features is easy. With several companies offering packages for a mobile device and a computer, a yearly subscription can provide coverage for all devices. Most of those who regularly use the internet find that malware is a fact of life and in spite of safeguards, devices could still get infected. PC Advisor listed steps on how to remove malware from a mobile device: 1. Use the power button to reboot an Android device into "Safe Mode." 2. Click the "Settings" icon to open the menu and navigate till the apps that have been downloaded are displayed. Then check if any suspicious apps are currently on the device. 3. Select the suspicious app and use the "Uninstall" button to remove it. In case this button cannot be accessed and it is unavailable as the app has device administrator status, head to another area within the device to uninstall it. 4. Navigate to Settings, then select Security > Device Administrators and once the box next to a specific app has been selected it can be deactivated on the next screen. 5. Once the app is deactivated, head to the apps menu to remove it completely from the device. 6. After the app has been removed, restart the device without using safe mode. 7. Don't mind erasing all data from a mobile device to get rid of malware that refuses to be deleted? Then opting for the factory reset option will take an Android device back to the state it was when it was manufactured. Keeping Android devices safe from malware is not rocket science and with mobile devices becoming increasingly sophisticated, manufacturers are ensuring that customers get the best tools to handle threats from hackers. TAG Android, Malware, Android Apps © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Malicious 'DressCode' Malware Now Spreading Across App Stores Google Play Store Apps Sneakily Infected With New DressCode Android Malware Calm Down, Android Users: Quadrooter Vulnerability Not A Massive Security Threat, Google Says QuadRooter Android Vulnerability Puts 900 Million Phones At Risk: Run This Scanner Now New Android Malware Blocks Outgoing Calls To Banks To Keep You From Reporting Or Canceling Suspicious Activity From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← [Deal Alert] HTC is offering the 10 in all models and colors for $549 ($150 off) Dolphin emulator adds Vulkan support for Android → EU may fine Alphabet, Google’s parent company, for anti-competitive practices on Android Oct 2 Posted by ishubhamsingh It’s no secret that Android is heavily integrated with Google search. Google Now (soon to be Google Assistant) is the primary voice assistant, and Google search is included on every device with the Google Play Store. According to Reuters, Google also pays device manufacturers to keep Google as the only search application on Android devices, and the European Union isn’t thrilled. EU antitrust regulators are ordering Google’s parent company, Alphabet, to cease providing incentives to keep Google search installed exclusively on Android devices. Read More EU may fine Alphabet, Google’s parent company, for anti-competitive practices on Android was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2dOWPun via Blogger http://ift.tt/2dAc1Io Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on October 2, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← [Deal Alert] HTC is offering the 10 in all models and colors for $549 ($150 off) Dolphin emulator adds Vulkan support for Android → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (680) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (186) IFTTT (193) TalkAndroid (729) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,129) Android Authority (3,171) Games (3,589) Phones (3,589) apps (3,590) tablets (3,592) android (9,456) Recent Posts Samsung has experienced the worst year-on-year market share and sales drop in its history November 18, 2016 Samsung rolls out second Android 7.0 Nougat build in Europe November 18, 2016 Amazon introduces early Black Friday Alexa-exclusive deals November 18, 2016 CyanogenMod 14.1 now available on OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Nexus 6 and more November 18, 2016 BLU’s $50 R1 HD gets updated to support T-Mobile Band 12 and VoLTE November 18, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,391 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Drive predicts what you need with Quick Access feature By Ida Torres - October 1, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter If you use Google Drive for your cloud storage and you have a gazillion files in there, chances are you might have wished that Google would just find a way to read your mind so you wouldn’t have to search for the files that you actually need. Okay, probably no one wishes that because it sounds kind of creepy, but the tech giant has found a way to do that. Sort of. A new feature called Quick Access actually predicts what files you will be needing when you open your drive. When you open your Google Drive on your Android device, you will now see a section at the top called Quick Access. Based on your file behavior and your recurring patterns, it will show you the files that you most likely need or you are probably looking for. Machine learning is a tricky and useful tech for things like this, although it is always slightly creepy since you don’t necessarily want “someone” peeking into your activities. But hey, that’s the price that we pay for wanting to have AI incorporated into our work process. Google say that the Quick Access feature will shave off 50% of the time you use to look for and open the files you may need. Aside from your Drive activity, it also looks at your interaction with colleagues as well as recurring patterns like regular team meetings, conference calls, etc. G Suite, the newly launched rebranding of Google Apps for Work, is really big on collaboration and the upcoming changes to the various apps, including Google Drive, reflects that. However, the Quick Access feature will actually only be available for those who are on G Suite. It’s now live for Google Drive on Android, and not yet for desktop or browser. But it will probably arrive soon, so in the meantime, keep on using the cloud service so Google can learn from you, if you’re not creeped out by that. SOURCE: Google TAGS Android Apps G Suite Google Google Drive Update Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,413FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,474FollowersFollow 59,555SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that the hundreds of articles written on Phoronix each month are mostly authored by one individual working insane hours? Phoronix.com doesn't have a whole news room with unlimited resources and relies upon people reading our content without blocking ads and alternatively by people subscribing to Phoronix Premium for our ad-free service with other extra features. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Mozilla's Project Mortar Wants Pepper API Flash & PDFium In Firefox Written by Michael Larabel in Mozilla on 1 October 2016 at 05:55 PM EDT. 52 Comments This week word of Mozilla's "Project Mortar" surfaced, which aims to explore the possibility of bringing the PDFium library and Pepper API based Flash plugin into Firefox. This project is being led by various Mozilla engineers. Mozilla is so far developing Project Mortar in private while they plan to open it up in the future. PDFium is the Google open-source project for PDF support in Google Chrome. PDFium was previously closed-source based upon Foxit PDF technology while now it's been fully open-source since 2014. The Pepper API Flash implementation is also what's used by Google's Chrome web-browser. By switching to the PAPI-based Flash, Firefox would be able to finish getting rid of their NPAPI support with the Firefox Flash support still relying upon it with Shumway and other projects not panning out. There is no guarantee that Project Mortar will come to fruition for bringing PDFium and Pepper API Flash to Firefox, but we should see in 2017... Those wanting to learn more now and a basic road-map can visit this Mozilla.org Wiki page. 52 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mozilla News Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Mozilla Firefox 50 Readied For Release Mozilla Quantum: New Browser Engine Based On Servo/Rust For Firefox Servo Web Engine Now Supports Promises, Continues Churning Along Boot 2 Gecko Being Stripped From Mozilla's Codebase Firefox 49.0 Is Now Available Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) GNOME 3.22.2 Released Latest Linux News Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu New X.Org Driver Updates Roll Out For Xorg-Server 1.19 Support When Trying Out Tumbleweed, It's Easy To See Why OpenSUSE Leap Disabled Nouveau Raspberry Pi's VC4 Driver Picks Up ETC1, Fragment Shader Threading In Linux 4.10 LLVM's LLD Linker Looking At Enabling Multi-Threading By Default Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake Vulkan Support On Mir Still May Be Months Away Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Latest Featured Articles GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Lifestyle Science Indian-origin South African teen Kiara Nirghin wins big at Google science fair Indian-origin South African teen Kiara Nirghin wins big at Google science fair A 16-year-old Indian-origin South African high school student has won the top prize of scholarship worth $50,000 at the annual Google science fair in the US for using orange peel to develop a cheap... By: PTI | Johannesburg | Updated: October 2, 2016 3:15 AM Kiara Nirghin, 16, a Grade 11 pupil at private school St Martin’s, submitted a project aimed at alleviating the severe drought that is currently plaguing South Africa. (Facebook) A 16-year-old Indian-origin South African high school student has won the top prize of scholarship worth $50,000 at the annual Google science fair in the US for using orange peel to develop a cheap super- absorbent material to help soil retain water. Kiara Nirghin, 16, a Grade 11 pupil at private school St Martin’s, submitted a project aimed at alleviating the severe drought that is currently plaguing South Africa. Titled ‘No More Thirsty Crops’, her solution to the drought problem uses the peels from orange and avocado fruits, which are normally discarded. The Google science fair is a programme for any budding scientists between the ages of 13 to 18, who are invited to solve the world’s biggest challenges using science and technology. “I have always had a great love for chemistry since I was young. I vividly remember at the age of seven experimenting with vinegar and baking soda solutions in plastic cups,” Nirghin said in her submission, in which she cited a renowned Indian scientist as her greatest inspiration. “M S Swaminathan, has always been an inspiration of mine as he truly believed in the necessary movement of not only India but the whole world towards sustainable agricultural development,” she said. “I hope to one day become a scientist specialising in agricultural science and also become a molecular gastronomist,” she added. Nirghin explained how she had found an alternative in the fruit peels to super-absorbent polymers (SAPs) which absorb and carry about 300 times its weight in liquid relative to their own mass. “These SAPs are not biodegradable, costly and full of acrylic acid, sodium hydroxide and other chemicals. During more research in the topic, I found that natural occurring polymers exist in most citrus fruits,” Nirghin said. After 45 days of experimentation, Nirghin was successful in creating a low-cost super-absorbent polymer, made out of waste products found in the juice manufacturing industry, that is biodegradable, can retain large amounts of water, keep soil moist and improve crop growth without regular water supplements. “The only resources involved in the creation of the ‘orange peel mixture’ were electricity and time, with no special equipment or materials required,” she said. Nirghin’s discovery has huge financial implications for agriculture, as her creation which she has dubbed ‘orange peel mixture’ could retail at $30 to $60 per metric ton, as compared to the $2,000 plus costs of SAPs. The young scientist is convinced that her mixture will help assist farmers in agricultural drought disaster areas, where food security could increase by 73 per cent. Now Nirghin has set her sights on using orange peel SAP in experiments testing water filtration and oil removal from water. “I would also like to make large amounts of orange peel SAP and apply it to crops such as maize and wheat in poorer communities in South Africa,” she added. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 1 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Report: Google again under investigation by the EU for antitrust violations in Android Justin Duino - 2 months ago @jaduino Android Google Alphabet View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Alphabet and the European Union have been in court for some time now over several alleged antitrust violations. These have been over claims that Google has favored its products in search results, forcing Android manufacturers to pre-install its applications, and even claims that the company makes it hard for advertisers to switch to other ad platforms. A new report claims that the EU looks to fine Google for incentivizing Android manufacturers to install Google Search on devices… Reuters was able to get access to a European Commission document from antitrust regulators that was sent out to complainants that shows that the court wants Google to stop giving OEMs financial benefits for installing Google Search onto their phones and tablets. The reasoning for this lawsuit is that the EU believes that Google’s actions could be harmful enough to shutter other companies: EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s (GOOGL.O) Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. Google had this to say about the possible charges: We look forward to showing the European Commission that we’ve designed the Android model in a way that’s good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region. If the EU does fine Google for this situation, the court documents did point to a hefty charge that would deter Google and other companies from these types of actions again. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Alphabet View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Calendar now has smart scheduling feature “find a time” By Ida Torres - October 1, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter When organizing meetings with several team members who have a lot of things going on them with them as well, it can be tough trying to find a common time and you will probably go back and forth on emails and chats just trying to look for that “golden window”. A new feature that Google Calendar is introducing can help solve that issue. You now have a “find a time” option and Google will automatically look for that common time among all the attendees. This feature is available for those who are on G Suite, or Google App for Works (the former being the new branding for the latter). Create a meeting through your Google Calendar and add the ones you want to invite. Then click on the Find the Time option under the names of your invited guests. It will then show you a list of the best suggestions as to the date and time when you can meet. It won’t just show you one date and time but also the next best slots as back-up in case that’s still not good for one or any of the participants. In case it doesn’t find a common time for all of you, it will also show conflicts among the group where it might be easy to resolve a conflict. It will also show you a list of suggested places where you can meet, which may be some rooms in your office or a coffee shop that’s in the middle of all of your locations. And even though Google will suggest these things, eventually, it will still be up to you to choose that best fit for all of you. The “find a time” feature is now available on your Google Calendar if you’re a G Suite user. You can find it on your Android app only for now, but soon, it will also be available on the web version. SOURCE: Google TAGS Android Apps G Suite Google Google Calendar Update Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,413FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,474FollowersFollow 59,555SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Indian-origin SAfrican teen wins big at Google science fair Press Trust of India | Johannesburg Oct 02, 2016 12:42 AM IST A 16-year-old Indian-origin South African high school student has won the top prize of scholarship worth USD 50,000 at the annual Google science fair in the US for using orange peel to develop a cheap super- absorbent material to help soil retain water. Kiara Nirghin, 16, a Grade 11 pupil at private school St Martin's, submitted a project aimed at alleviating the severe drought that is currently plaguing South Africa. Titled 'No More Thirsty Crops', her solution to the drought problem uses the peels from orange and avocado fruits, which are normally discarded. The Google science fair is a programme for any budding scientists between the ages of 13 to 18, who are invited to solve the world's biggest challenges using science and technology. "I have always had a great love for chemistry since I was young. I vividly remember at the age of sevenexperimenting with vinegar and baking soda solutionsin plastic cups," Nirghin said in her submission, in which she cited a renowned Indian scientist as her greatest inspiration. "M S Swaminathan, has always been an inspiration of mine ashe truly believed in the necessary movement of not only India but the whole world towards sustainable agriculturaldevelopment," she said. "I hope to one day become a scientist specialising in agricultural science and also become a molecular gastronomist," she added. Nirghin explained how she had found an alternative in the fruit peels to super-absorbent polymers (SAPs) which absorb and carry about 300 times its weight in liquid relative to their own mass. "These SAPs are not biodegradable, costly and full of acrylic acid, sodium hydroxide and other chemicals. During more research in the topic, I found that natural occurring polymers exist in most citrus fruits," Nirghin said. After 45 days of experimentation, Nirghin was successful in creating a low-cost super-absorbent polymer, made out of waste products found in the juice manufacturing industry, that is biodegradable, can retain large amounts of water, keep soil moist and improve crop growth without regular water supplements. "The onlyresources involved in the creation of the 'orange peelmixture' were electricity and time, with no special equipment or materials required," she said. Nirghin's discovery has huge financial implications for agriculture, as her creation which she has dubbed 'orange peelmixture' could retail at USD 30 to USD 60 per metric ton, as compared to the USD 2,000 plus costs of SAPs. The young scientist is convinced that her mixture will help assist farmers in agricultural drought disaster areas, where foodsecurity could increase by73 per cent. Now Nirghin has set her sights on using orange peel SAP in experiments testing water filtration and oil removal from water. "I would also like to make large amounts of orange peel SAP and apply it to crops such as maize and wheat in poorer communities in South Africa," she added. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Decoding the big ATM problem: India just doesn't have enough engineers for the job Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance TomTom launches fitness tracker and watch range in India More From Current Affairs Hotstar says does not provide any pornographic content Trade unions to meet FM tomorrow for pre-budget consultations Pb BSP chief directs workers to further galvanise party Dalai Lama's visit to Mongolia riles China We will take it match by match in Junior World Cup: Oltmans [ more ] Top Stories Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Home Ministry issues notification on banning Zakir Naik's NGO: Key takeaways SC rejects Centre's stand on reconsideration of judicial recommendations T N Ninan: Our post-truths [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth Youngsters should pursue more research in maths: Narayana Murthy Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Pellet maker KIOCL to acquire 51% stake in Odisha PSU Idcol [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News This weekend, banks will be open Saturday but closed Sunday Delhi HC directs states to form action plan to control air pollution Over 8,100 wilful defaulters owe Rs 76,685 cr to banks 15 rail projects facing hurdles over forest clearances GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIKtXb Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 1 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Teardown of Android Wear version 2.0 beta app reveals new Google account manager Justin Duino - 2 months ago @jaduino Android Android Wear android wear 2.0 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit This week Google announced that it would be pushing back the official release of Android Wear 2.0, and also announced the release of the next beta preview build of Android Wear 2.0 for developers. Alongside this came an updated version of the companion Wear app for Android, and now a full teardown reveals some interesting things to come… The biggest item found in the teardown (via Android Police) is the addition of a Google account manager. One of the main new features in Developer Preview 3 is that Android Wear now has its own built-in Google Play Store, which makes it possible for users to download apps directly to their watches without a phone. To make this possible, though, Android Wear needs access to Google accounts directly on watches and this is where the account manager comes in. Google also made some adjustments to the settings menu. The first of which is the removal of the ‘Together‘ communication feature which was already announced to shut down on September 30. Google also removed the ability to turn on and off feature tutorials in Android Wear. Finally, the card preview option has been removed and the ‘Actions’ menu has been replaced by ‘Accounts’ which allows for the addition and removal of Google accounts on Wear devices. Lastly, after installing the Developer Preview 3 on one of their devices, Android Police noticed graphics that invited them to use Google Assistant, but this functionality was broken. When digging through the Android Wear app they did find code that would indicate that Google is currently testing Assistant on Wear. If you want to download the Android Wear APK you can grab it from APKMirror. Just remember, this beta build is meant to only be used with Developer Preview 3 and will most likely not work with current Android Wear devices. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android Wear View THe Guide android wear 2.0 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 1 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Wikipedia’s Android app is the latest to switch from drawer to bottom bar navigation Abner Li - 2 months ago @technacity Apps & Updates Material Design Wikipedia View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier this year, Google added bottom navigation bars to the Material Design spec. Top navigation tabs are still permitted, but apps like Google Photos and Google+ have prominently switched over to the new style. Wikipedia is now the latest to adopt these bottom navigation bars across its Android app… The Wikipedia Android app features two distinct bottom bars. On the main page, the bottom bar includes buttons to quickly jump between the Explore feed, reading lists, history, and nearby. Like most other Android apps, Wikipedia previously relied on a navigation drawer to switch between the main sections of the app. The Google Play Store reviews for this change are quite mixed. The bottom toolbar is inherently more associated with iOS apps and does not work too well with on-screen system navigation buttons. A common complaint is how these elements take up more space, though the bottom bar does auto-hides when scrolling. Personally, I prefer top navigation tabs, like the YouTube app or Twitter. Version 2.4 also fixes the dark theme in the main screen of the app and makes reading lists searchable. The update is now fully rolled out with the full changelog below: Access your favorite features more easily with bottom navigation: quickly jump between the Explore feed, your reading lists, your recently-viewed articles, and pages nearby you. When reading an article, the bottom toolbar now provides access to the most popular actions (save to reading list, share, change language, find in page, and table of contents). Reading lists and their contents are now searchable. Fixed dark theme in the main screen. Guides Material Design View THe Guide Wikipedia View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu ALT-MEANING Alt-right trolls are using these code words for racial slurs online Written by Nikhil Sonnad Obsession Language October 01, 2016 Less subtle symbolism. (Reuters/Chris Keane) Share Written by Nikhil Sonnad Obsession Language October 01, 2016 Online platforms have a hard time handling hate speech. Twitter, for example, has slowly—many would say too slowly—shifted from its hands-off approach toward policing derogatory tweets, culminating most recently in the banishment of Milo Yiannopoulos, a famously hateful tweeter. Even so, no censor can be absolute. This summer the triple-parentheses proliferated on Twitter and via a Google Chrome extension, propagated by the so-called “alt-right,” a group of online troublemakers whose extreme right-wing views often dip into outright white supremacy. A name surrounded by three parentheses on each side indicated that the person mentioned was Jewish. Because there is nothing obviously offensive about parentheses, neither to Twitter’s employees nor its algorithms, they are nearly impossible to remove systematically from the platform, in spite of their frequently anti-semitic use. Now a new type of hateful internet code appears to be emerging: The systematic use of innocuous words to stand in for offensive racial slurs. Search Twitter for “googles,” “skypes,” or “yahoos,” and you will encounter some shocking results, like this tweet: “If welfare state is a given it must go towards our own who needs. No Skypes, googles, or yahoos.” Or this one, reading “Chain the googles / Gas the yahoos.” What does this mean? Nothing good. In this lexicon, “googles” means the n-word; “skypes” means Jews; and “yahoos” means “spic.” The word “skittles” has come to refer to Muslims, an obvious reference to Donald Trump Jr.’s comparing of refugees with candy that “would kill you.” By all accounts the lexicon seems to have been conceived on 4chan—a message board famous for its trolls—as a response to an improved method for identifying pages and comments with offensive content and potentially removing or flagging them. The method was developed by Jigsaw, a technology “incubator” within Alphabet, Google’s parent company. The title of the 4chan post that seems to have started it all is “RIP alt-right trolls, SkyNet is coming for you.” The trolls responded with a loosely organized effort called “Operation Google,” which aims to get around these algorithms, and to trick them into blocking the names of their own services and companies. Hence the use of “google” to mean what is arguably the most offensive term of them all. For a fuller list, including coded anti-LGBT terms, click here. (Warning: It’s not pretty.) This list appeared on 4chan’s “Politically Incorrect” /pol/ board, and has been widely shared on Twitter and elsewhere, and similar terms can be found as well. Asked whether it would be doing anything to address this kind of indirect hate speech, Twitter responded by pointing to its policy on hateful conduct. Google declined to comment. The operation will not succeed in removing “google” from Google searches. The Jigsaw algorithm the trolls appear to be targeting is not even in use on Google search—thus far it is only being used to flag offensive comments on the New York Times website. Plus, the algorithm uses sophisticated machine learning techniques that will be able to identify, to a large degree, the sense in which a word is being used. It will know pretty well whether “google” is the name of a company or a racial slur, based on the context. What’s more, once a code like this is widely known, it becomes much easier for users of it to be shamed or disregarded by their peers. That’s what happened with Pepe the Frog, the de facto mascot of the alt-right, which has gone from an underground symbol of racism to an official “hate symbol,” as certified by the Anti-Defamation League (prompting the creator of the cartoon frog to disavow its use by the alt-right, and declare that he’ll vote for Hillary Clinton). And the triple parentheses were re-appropriated by Jews and the left as a symbol of solidarity, co-opting the original, racist meaning. Until that happens with this new lexicon, be on the lookout—there be trolls about. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home Politics Business Sports Entertainment You are here »   Home »   ∷   World » Exclusive: EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected By Reuters Updated Saturday, October 1st 2016 at 22:20 GMT +3 Share this story:   Photo:(Courtesy) Exclusive EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's (GOOGL.O) Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. See Also: Britain to enshrine all EU rules in UK law after Brexit: ITV Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favoring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. GO TO PAGE 1 2 Next » Share this story: Related I want to be an MP come 2017- Actress Nyasuguta Singer Eunice Njeri and Izzo hold pre-wedding Kenya vows to win over Tanzania into backing EU trade deal EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers World Mozambique death toll rises to 73 after fuel truck explodes -government UN says working for Yemen peace talks after Kerry's plan Can Trump make coal great again? At least some companies think so Trump may discuss U.S. secretary of state job with critic Romney: source Turkish police detain 73 academics in Gulen-related probe - state media More Stories » Popular Stories Akaunti za benki zilizotumika kupokea fedha za NYS zadhibitiwa Washindwa kutengana baada ya kujamiana Josephine Kabura awakasirisha wabunge kwa kutojibu maswali ifaavyo Watatu wauliwa Narok IEBC yatoa orodha ya wagombezi watano Viongozi watofautiana kuhusu idadi ya waliofariki kutokana na makali ya njaa Ruto awasuta wanaoingiza siasa kwenye masuala ya usalama Mmiliki wa jengo Kisii kushtakiwa Michael Joseph ndiye mwenyekiti wa bodi ya KQ Magavana wakana kutoa matamshi ya uchochezi News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Magazines Special Reports The Nairobian Sports Athletics Football Rugby Volleyball Cricket Boxing Entertainment Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery SDE Games Standard Digital is a product of The Standard Group Limited Go to Full Site
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google prepares to reject EU monopoly charges The company has been embroiled in a long-running battle with Brussels Credit: Bloomberg James Titcomb 1 October 2016 • 9:00pm Google will this month reject EU claims that it is abusing its dominance in search engines and mobile phones, raising the stakes in a long-running battle with Brussels that could trigger a fine running into billions of dollars for the internet giant. The company is preparing to respond within weeks to three separate charges of EU competition rule breaches in its online shopping service, Android smartphone software and advertising business. Google’s counter is the latest salvo in the European Commissions’s six-year investigation into the company. It comes at a critical point as tensions simmer between the US and Brussels. In August, the Commission said Apple should pay billions in unpaid taxes to the Irish state, provoking fury from Washington, while the US Department of Justice has recently demanded that Deutsche Bank pay a $14bn (£11bn) mis-selling fine. Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition commissioner Credit: EPA A response from Google to all three of the charges could now come as early as mid October after the company recently requested that the EU extend legal deadlines to answer the charges. The Commission confirmed that it had given the company extra time to answer. Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition commissioner, hit Google with formal antitrust charges last year, claiming it exploits the monopoly enjoyed by its web search engine to prioritise its own price comparison shopping service. She followed that with two more charges this year, claiming that the company uses its Android software’s overwhelming share of the smartphone market to force its other services onto smartphones and that it restricted competitors to its AdSense for Search advertising service by signing exclusivity agreements with websites. The Commission has the power to fine Google up to 10pc of its annual revenues if it finds it guilty of anti-competitive practices, which could mean a penalty of up to $7.5bn (£5.8bn). This would eclipse the biggest fine to date, the €1.1bn (£950m) the Commission levied on Intel in 2009. The history of Google Play! 02:31 While a response is expected in mid-to-late October, it could be delayed further as Google puts the finishing touches to its answers. The company may still offer concessions in a last-ditch attempt to seek a deal with the Commission that would lead to a reduced fine, but after several failed attempts in the past, the prospect of a truce appears unlikely. Both sides are now believed to be prepared for a long-running battle, and any EU fine may be appealed at the European Court of Justice, a process that could take years and extend beyond Ms Vestager’s 2019 term. The Commission’s combative stance has irritated the US government, which cleared Google of any search bias after its own investigation in 2013. Barack Obama has accused the EU of attempting to protect its own companies by reining in Silicon Valley giants. When it responds, Google is likely to argue that it needs to place restrictions on Android to ensure the consistency of the software and that many price comparison services have benefited, not suffered, from the search engine. A Commission spokesman confirmed that Google’s deadlines for responding had been extended. It now has until October  13 to respond to the charge related to online shopping, October 26 for advertising and October 31 for the Android claim. Google did not comment. Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Android Google Internet European Union Show more Technology latest 18 Nov 2016, 1:14pm Apple considers making iPhones in America, reports claim 18 Nov 2016, 1:07pm Three Mobile under fire for failing to alert customers to data breach 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:08am Comment: Three data breach: It’s only a matter of time until we are all hacked, so let's learn to live with it James Titcomb Premium 17 Nov 2016, 5:45pm Humans 'will bully robot cars', Mercedes chief warns 17 Nov 2016, 4:58pm Samsung and Apple's grip on smartphone market slips to less than one in three sales 01:15 17 Nov 2016, 3:18pm Holidays, gadgets or fashion: Which have the biggest Black Friday discounts? 17 Nov 2016, 2:01pm What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 01:32 17 Nov 2016, 11:39am Sea Hero Quest mobile game helps dementia diagnosis breakthrough 17 Nov 2016, 10:26am Russia orders internet providers to block LinkedIn 17 Nov 2016, 10:00am £4 USB device can hack a locked computer in under a minute 17 Nov 2016, 7:00am This folding paper bike helmet for cycle share schemes could save lives 17 Nov 2016, 5:04am Watchdog seeks broadband advertising changes to ensure speed expectations met 16 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Pokémon Sun and Moon review - A vibrant and delightful new take on the famous pocket monsters 4 16 Nov 2016, 5:26pm Comment: Snapchat isn't worth $25bn - but that won't stop the technorati making it so James Quinn Premium 16 Nov 2016, 4:14pm Comment: Sex site hackers can never crack the mysteries of the human psyche Zoe Strimpel Premium Gallery 16 Nov 2016, 1:13pm Gallery: The bestselling video game consoles of all time 16 Nov 2016, 12:25pm Comment: The AdultFriendFinder hack shows there are no real secrets online James Titcomb Premium 16 Nov 2016, 11:11am Cheap Android phones send owners' text messages and location data to China 16 Nov 2016, 10:20am Comment: AdultFriendFinder sex hack: We can't stop cheating - accept it Rebecca Reid Premium 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Google to create 3,000 more UK jobs in major boost for London technology scene If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Skip to main content API News News & Analysis Google Releases Final Version Of Android Studio 2.2 Google Finalizes Android N APIs and SDK All News & Analysis How-To Getting Started with LocationKit for iOS and Android All How-To Most Recent How to Access the Tickspot API with cURL Twilio Launches Voice Insights API to Monitor WebRTC Performance Google Releases Final Version Of Android Studio 2.2 How to Mashup The Slackbot API with Maps and a Craiglist Scraper Using Python All Recent News Stay Api Directory API Directory Featured APIs Facebook Yahoo Weather Google Maps AccuWeather Weather Channel Wikipedia OpenStreetMap Instagram Add an API All APIs (15,985) Popular Categories Weather Mapping Mobile Transportation Social All API Categories (15,924) Filter By Category By Protocol Most Recent Other Directories SDKs SAMPLE SOURCE CODE LIBRARIES FRAMEWORKS MASHUPS Featured SDKs Fabric Twitter Kit for iOS Tweetinvi Twitch SDK Virtuix Omni Add an SDK All SDKs (5,273) Filter By API By Category By Platform Most Recent Featured Sample Source Code AccuWeather API Location API Code Samples JavaScript Yahoo Weather API JavaScript Source Code Facebook API Timeline Post- PHP Source Code Google Maps API JavaScript Get Local Search Results from Google Source Code Add a Sample Source Code All Sample Source Code (2,723) Filter By API By Category By Platform Most Recent Featured Libraries Google Maps .NET Library by Eric Newton Twitter Node.js Library by René Raab Instagram Django Library by Boris Shifrin Twilio C# Library by Twilio Add a Library All Libraries (1,687) Filter By API By Category By Platform Most Recent Featured Frameworks AngularJS Express Meteor JavaScript Framework Facebook React Native Framework by Facebook Django Python Framework Add a Framework All Frameworks (431) Filter By API By Category By Platform Most Recent Featured Mashups MarineTraffic.com: Live Ships Map Picbi AllFlicks Shimmer Triporia Hotel Search Nostalgia Add a Mashup All Mashups (7,828) Filter By API By Category Most Recent Stay Become member Login Become member Login search ProgrammableWeb Api News Api Directory s RSS Share User Api News Api Directory Learn about APIs What is an API ? Add Your Api ADD APIs & MORE API SDK Sample Source Code Library Framework App or Mashup Rss Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn search Become member Login Become member Login ProgrammableWeb Learn about APIs What is an API ? Api News Api Directory API Research WEATHER MAPPING Add Api API SDK Sample Source Code Library Framework App or Mashup ADD APIs & MORE API SDK Sample Source Code Library Framework App or Mashup Rss Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Rss Icons Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn User search   Google Releases Google My Business API v3.1 Brief, Business, API Strategy Sep. 29 2016 By Eric Carter, ProgrammableWeb Staff Google has announced the availability of the Google My Business API v3.1. Significant additions to the new version include push notifications of new listings and new reviews. The push notifications are triggered in real-time and businesses have the ability to manage such changes in real-time via a dashboard. Businesses can actively manage status changes, data updates, and incoming reviews as desired through dashboard adjustments. In addition to the push notifications, other features of v3.1 include a maps URL (allows for simple navigation to Google Maps in a location response), added location states (provides more specified understanding of actions required on a specific location), and a new category service (enables developers to retrieve updated list of Google My Business supported categories by country and language).  Google also mentioned additional features that will soon be added to v3.1 including menu URLs and payment methods for specific establishments. The menu feature should remedy an oft-complained about problem that out of date menu URLs were providing bad data as third parties were unable to update menu links. These soon to come features will be the first attributes outside the basic yes/no attributes traditionally collected through the API. For a detailed explanation of the updates, visit the Google blog post announcement. Google has provided full documentation for the new release in the API docs. v2 of the Google My Business API will be supported until December 5, 2016, but the company continues to encourage developers to transition immediately. The full deprecation schedule can be found here. Those with questions or feedback can reach the API team at the Google My Business API Forum.   About the author: Eric Carter Eric the founder of Dartsand and Corporate Counsel for a specialty technology distributor. He is a frequent contributor to technology media outlets and also serves as primary legal counsel for multiple startups in the Real Estate, Virtual Assistant, and Software Development Industries. Follow me on Google+ Why and How Every Organization With APIs Must React Immediately to the Yahoo! Breach Relink's Goodwin API Provides Access to Key Hiring Information for Specialized Job Roles Promoted Related Content eBay Launches New Buy and Sell APIs Sales Eric Carter How to Manage the Risk of Losing API Access API Strategy Mark Boyd Intuit’s QuickBooks Connect Conference Spotlights Small Business Opportunity for Devs Business Intuit Developer Group Related APIs:Google My Business Related Companies:Google Find out more about...Business, API Strategy Comments Comment * Leave this field blank Post Comment Today in APIsLatest news about the API economy and newest APIs, delivered daily: Subscribe Leave this field blank API University FOR API PROVIDERS What Are APIs and How Do They Work?8 Real World API Strategies and the Keys to Their SuccessHow To Find a Rockstar API Product Manager More for API Providers  › FOR DEVELOPERS How To Implement Deep Linking in iOSHow To Get Started With Twitter's FabricHow To Develop An Android Wear App More for Developers  › Advertisement   Additional Resources API Growth Charts, Industry Research & More Developer How-to's & Live Presentations Meet The Editors David Berlind Editor in Chief @dberlind Articles Wendell Santos Editor wendell78 Articles Advertisement     Directories & Listings API Directory Mashups and Applications SDKs & Libraries How To's, Source Code Resources About ProgrammableWeb Advertise FAQ Contributed Content Guidelines Get Paid to Write for ProgrammableWeb Contact Us Business & Legal Site Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Rss Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Policy & Law Tech The EU is considering major fines for Google over alleged Android antitrust violations New, 65 comments by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Oct 1, 2016, 3:51pm EDT share tweet Linkedin European antitrust regulators are set to order Google’s parent company Alphabet to stop incentivizing Android phone makers to preinstall Google search on their phones, according to Reuters. They are are also considering imposing a substantial fine on the company. Last year, European Union regulators lodged a formal antitrust complaint against Google for how the company prominently installed search and other proprietary apps on Android phones. Reuters cited a document that was sent to the company earlier this year, which listed off the specific concerns that regulators had, and which also states that regulators intend "to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence." This appears to be separate from massive fines that the EU is reportedly imposing on the company for monopolistic practices when it comes to search, which could go as high as €3.3 billion Euros. Source: Reuters More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Poll Tech First Click Poll: Is this the holiday you finally buy that drone? by Thomas Ricker@Trixxy I really want a drone. Every Christmas since I was a kid has been highlighted by some kind of remote controlled vehicle. I’ve had countless RC cars, of course; tanks, boats, and lots and lots of remote-controlled helicopters. The quality has... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Science Tech Researchers send text message using chemicals by James Vincent@jjvincent We take it for granted that modern communication systems — everything from smartphones to the internet — use electronics to send and receive messages, but what if that weren’t the case? A group of researchers from Stanford are exploring an... New, 0 comments US & World Entertainment Politics Kanye West: America is a racist country and I would have voted Trump by James Vincent@jjvincent At a concert in San Jose during his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West opened up about the 2016 election in typical style. According to videos and tweets from the night, West told fans —in no particular order — that if he'd voted he would have voted for... New, 21 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity UK hackers use customer mobile data to steal their upgrade phones by James Vincent@jjvincent Hackers have accessed a database of customer information belonging to one of the UK’s biggest mobile carriers, Three. According to a report from The Telegraph, the company said the database included names, phone numbers, addresses, and dates of... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages by Sam Byford@345triangle Japanese businesses are finding they need to deal with increasing numbers of foreign visitors to Japan, and Panasonic thinks it has the answer: a megaphone that translates the user’s voices into multiple languages. The Megahonyaku, which is a... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Exclusive: EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected By Foo Yun Chee1 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/FilesMore By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's <GOOGL.O> Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favoring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Robin Pomeroy) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Soon, an app to locate the nearest toilet in Delhi-NCR The Hindu Populism is a big challenge in Europe: Jyrki Katainen moneycontrol.com Set up panel to check sex tests, SC tells Centre Deccan Herald Google will tell you where to take a dump when nature comes calling Gizmodo Google will face tough regulatory policies under President-elect Donald Trump – Tech2 Tech2 Cricket: Ashwin puts India on top in 2nd England Test AFP Take your pick: Saha's run out vs Dhoni's run out Yahoo! Cricket Little known facts about Balasaheb Thackeray Yahoo India News Salman and Parineeti shake it off at Sania Mirza’s sisters’s sangeet India Newzstreet Media Friday Flashback: "Wouldn't marry Anil Kapoor, he is hypersensitive": Madhuri's 1989 Interview is entertaining! PinkVilla.com Yahoo Review: Force 2 Movies with Rummana Lost faith in humanity? Rejoice, Stephen Hawking says we're doomed Mashable Tech Bareilly's Prabodh Sinha wants to donate kidney to Sushma Swaraj for free India Newzstreet Media Boney Kapoor Finally Speaks Up On Daughter Jhanvi’s Debut Film! Business of Cinema Disaster Strikes Comedy Nights Bachao, Viewership Drops By 22%. Did Kareena, Akshay, Hrithik & John Dig Its Grave? Spotboye 14-year-old London schoolgirl wins bid to be cryogenically frozen so she can live again International Business Times Trump, Abe meeting strengthen bilateral ties between two countries India Newzstreet Media Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat 'attacked with tear gas and beaten' in Paris weeks after Kardashian heist The Telegraph Demonetisation is just a term for Reddys, the extravagant wedding is a proof! India Newzstreet Media Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor This Controversial Commodity Could Be Worth 5X More Than Gold Home | Companies Tags: europe | google | android | fines EU Wants Google to Stop Anti-Competitive Android Practices, Fine Expected (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File) Saturday, 01 Oct 2016 01:55 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A      EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals.   The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search.   The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android.   Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters.   The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013.   Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said.   "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said.   The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements.   Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google which has previously denied any wrongdoing, did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Separately, the Commission is investigating whether Google favors its own shopping service over those of rivals, and could also fine it in that case.   Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google.   The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click.   © 2016 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. europe, google, android, fines 400 Saturday, 01 Oct 2016 01:55 PM 2016-55-01 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Janus' Gross Says Trump Will be One-termer, in Failure for Populism Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 33 comments Stick to Wall street manipulation Mr Gross. You know nothing about what... Gallup: Economic Confidence Surges After Trump Beats Hillary for White House Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 28 comments What the numbers tell us is, that democrats simply cannot comprehend the... Larry Summers: Trump's Economic Plan Is 'Ill-Designed' And Harmful Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 15 comments Why are so many of the architects of the failed economic and fiscal... Trump Eyes Oil Billionaire, Lawmaker for Energy Secretary Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 16 comments He should consider instead simply eliminating Energy and Interior [which... Trump Fulfilling A Campaign Promise Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 12 comments Sorry, but we Americans have a lot more to deal and worry about right now,... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Twitter Takeover: Google Might Find The Perfect Nest For Twitter Right On The YouTube Platform 1 October 2016, 10:47 am EDT By Marty Baes Tech Times Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing Twitter - What You Should KnowNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Top 5 Technology Acquisitions Of 2016Now Playing Google is planning to take over Twitter to further boost its YouTube platform. This effort is believed to be a good solution to resolve YouTube's existing site issues.  ( Bethany Clarke | Getty Images ) Advertisement The Twitter takeover is currently a popular topic among tech experts since companies like Salesforce, Microsoft, Verizon and even Disney have recently shown their interest toward the social media entity. Google is also believed to place its own bid now that Twitter seems to be a perfect nest for its YouTube platform.  A lot of tech experts agree that out of the companies vying to acquire Twitter, Google proves to be the one who is in great need for it and combining the existing resources that both platforms have will lead to a very remarkable result. A Tech Crunch report noted that Google's YouTube platform is quite popular, comes with a very updated set of content and very ad-friendly but doesn't have a short form. Twitter, on the other hand, comes in short form, conveniently generates a lot of update content but having a hard time achieving a remarkable growth as well as struggling with monetization. Given such, the result of the Twitter takeover will most likely be more remarkable if Google will be acquiring Twitter with the social media platform possibly boosting YouTube's potential to a whole new level. But aside from Google, Salesforce is also regarded as an avid suitor of Twitter. In fact, it was reported in CNBC that Salesforce is one of the companies rumored to offer Twitter a formal bid. The truthfulness of these rumors was further established after Vala Afshar, who is the current chief digital evangelist for Salesforce, voiced out his own personal views of the Twitter takeover. It can be remembered that Afshar once tweeted a question, "Why @twitter?", along with the answers "personal training network, the best realtime, context rich news, democratize intelligence and great place to promote others." With this tweet, it can be said that Salesforce, just like Google, is quite interested in the tons of data that Twitter is generating. Apart from the two large companies, it was also reported that Disney is having some talks regarding its intention to acquire Twitter. The same report discussed that this move can greatly benefit Disney since the company is in great need of a social media platform that it can use to boost its reach especially for some of its properties like ABC and ESPN. Given all of the said intentions from these top companies, Twitter seems to have been benefiting from the trend although no formal bids have been sent out. The price of Twitter's entire shares has recently increased from about $13 billion last Thursday to more than $20 billion this week. TAG Google, SalesForce, Disney, Twitter, Youtube © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles The Best Apps To Help You Be Productive And Organized This Fall Tinder Boost: Here's How To Get More Profile Views On Tinder (For A Price, Of Course) Spotify Launches Daily Mix To Make Sure You Get Personalized Playlists You Like To Listen To Apple Music Will Continue Streaming Exclusives, Introducing New Spotify Style Algorithm Based Playlists Incorporating iTunes Listening Data From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
  Home International Entertainment Movie Reviews Soap Masala Bollywood Sports Punjab Link News Top News Lead Story Auto Link Fiji News Business South Asian Link News Health Calender South Asian Views Editorial Commentary Link Feautre Link Columnist Opinion Crime Saligirah Mubarak Education Link VIP'S Contact Us Saturday, October 1st, 2016 | Posted by admin Google Unveils Products Designed To Target Offline India On It’s 18th Anniversary NEW DELHI – Betting big on the ‘Next Billion Users’, search giant Google on Monday announced five new products, specifically tailored for users in the world’s second-largest Internet market. So there’s YouTube Go, a new app, which will function even when there is poor connectivity or none at all; the Google Assistant in Hindi inside messaging app Allo; Google Station, a platform to roll-out Wi-Fi hot spots in places frequented by a large number of people, such as malls, cafes and universities; data-saving features in its Chrome mobile browser; and faster browsing for Google Play on 2G connections. While Allo with the English-language based Google Assistant was launched a week back, the other features will be launched soon, the company said. The internet giant has outlined three areas on which the company was working to provide connectivity — access (connecting people to the internet), platforms (letting people and developers share and build upon the internet), and products (providing better and more relevant Google experiences for Indians). Our goal has not just been to help more Indians get online — but also to help Indians create the online experience they want; one that serves their needs and enables them to have an impact on the entire world. We have been thinking about how to build products and services for this wave of new users — products that work for any level of connectivity, in local Indian languages, and across the devices that are most frequently used in India,” said Ceaser Sengupta, who heads Google’s Next Billion Users initiative. Google has already partnered with RailTel to provide free wi-fi across rail stations. Project RailWire currently provides free wi-fi in 40 stations in the country, catering to 3.5 million monthly users. The target is 400 stations by 2017. “Every three seconds an Indian is going online for the first time and the Station initiative is targeted at helping more users go online,” Sengupta said. He also announced fast browsing in Google Play for people on 2G and other low-bandwidth connections. Fast browsing uses pre-loading on Wi-Fi to load the most popular parts of Google Play quickly. When an user on a low-bandwidth connection chooses to install an app, Google Play will offer a new “Wait for Wi-Fi” option, where the app will only install when the phone connects nest time to the wi-fi. On YouTube Go, Johanna Wright, YouTube vice-president for product management, said: “YouTube Go was designed and built from the ground up with insights from India, in order to bring the power of video to mobile users in a way that is more conscious of their data and connectivity, while still being locally relevant and social.” “YouTube Go allows users to save and watch videos smoothly even in poor connectivity, and also gives them transparency and control over how much data they consume on videos, allowing them to preview videos first and choose the video’s file size before they save it offline to watch later. They can also share videos easily with friends and family nearby, without using any data at all.” Comments are closed Most Recent Opinions Posts Filming Wraps On Writer-Director R. Paul Dhillon’s Romantic Comedy The Fusion Generation Writer-Director R. Paul Dhillon’s Documentary Moe Sihota: Feared And Desired To Be Shown At Vancouver International South Asian Film Festival Trump Election Elicits Fears, Some Cheers Around The Globe NYPD Allows Sikh Officers To Wear Beards NRI Tycoon’s Retail Giant Lulu Launches Operations In The US Minister’s Visit! Home Contact Us RSS Link Directory © 2016 Link Newspaper. All Rights Reserved . Log in - Webite "designed" by Shiftonline.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics October 1, 2016 12:14 pm Updated: October 1, 2016 12:15 pm Google to be ordered by EU to stop anti-competitive Android practices By Foo Yun Chee Reuters ; This shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen BRUSSELS – EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google‘s Play Store with Google Search. WATCH: Does your phone help build Google’s traffic maps? Story continues below The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. READ MORE: Donald Trump accuses Google of suppressing negative news about Hillary Clinton Google “cannot punish or threaten” companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission’s investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. “The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence,” it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob’s in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google which has previously denied any wrongdoing, did not immediately reply to a request for comment. WATCH: Google supercomputer defeats human world champion at Go Separately, the Commission is investigating whether Google favors its own shopping service over those of rivals, and could also fine it in that case. READ MORE: Twitter moves closer to sale, reportedly in talks with Google and Salesforce Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google‘s operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. © 2016 Thomson Reuters Report an error Alphabet Alphabet's Google Android Phones EU European union FairSearch Google Google European Union Google Search Google's Play Store Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labeling all Donald Trump voters racist 9147 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 7883 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 7577 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 6536 1 dead, 6 injured at toddler’s birthday party in Dyersburg, Tennessee: reports 4764 Sponsored content Popular Videos Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW Obama hopes Donald Trump is not quick to cut deals with Russia WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jon Gosselin says Kate Gosselin ‘won’t tell’ where their son Collin is WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 1 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 This week’s top stories: What to expect at Google’s Oct. 4 event, Pixel renders, Google Home, & much more Jordan Kahn - 2 months ago @JordanKahn Google Corporate View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: What to except at Google’s October 4 event next week, the latest official-looking Pixel and Pixel XL renders, Google Home news, and much more. We kick things off with the latest renders of Google’s upcoming Pixel and Pixel XL Android smartphones, and we give you our breakdown of everything we expect to see at Google’s event next week in addition to the new phones. We move onto some Google Home news including references to a new Google Home app. And we discover Google is testing its Andromeda Chrome OS/Android hybrid on the HTC-made Nexus 9. Google’s new Allo app passes 1 million downloads, and Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 replacements continue to experience some overheating and battery issues. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: Google Pixel and Pixel XL | Here’s everything we expect to see at Google’s October 4th event Here’s how the Pixel and Pixel XL compare in size to the Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X… These last-minute renders make the Pixel and Pixel XL look super attractive [Gallery] Here’s the first official looking render of the Google Pixel Here are the (ridiculous and amazing) color names for Google’s upcoming Pixel and Pixel XL phones Android | Google is testing its Andromeda Chrome OS/Android hybrid on the HTC-made Nexus 9 Exclusive: Google plans to launch Andromeda on a ‘Nexus’ Huawei tablet, ‘Pixel’ laptop Some replacement Galaxy Note 7s still overheating as Samsung washing machines start exploding Users report that replacement Note 7s are still having battery issues, just not explosive ones Here’s Sony’s roadmap for Xperia devices getting Android 7.0 Nougat Xiaomi launches Mi 5s/Plus as low-cost alternative to iPhone 7/Plus, China-only for now Huawei Mate 9 leak reveals dual-cameras, 6GB RAM, 256GB storage, sub-$500 price Multiple Android Wear smartwatches are not pairing with the iPhone 7 Apps | Here are eight useful tips and tricks for Google’s new Allo messaging app ‘Google Home app’ reference appears in most recent Chromecast Preview Google Home will be compatible with Samsung’s SmartThings platform at launch ‘Ungoogled’ is the Chrome browser you love minus the Google Google Allo passes 1 million downloads on the Google Play Store Google’s Waze Rider carpooling service live in San Francisco, significantly cheaper than Uber/Lyft Chrome | Acer Chromebook R13 goes up for pre-order starting at $399 Long-rumored Android-Chrome OS merge might be mentioned at Google’s October 4 event This week’s top videos | Lenovo is bringing back Motorola’s historic ‘Hello Moto’ as part of its new boot animation [Video] Xiaomi’s Android TV-powered Mi Box gets an early unboxing [Video] Action Launcher 3 now has Pixel Launcher’s application shortcut feature [Video] Subscribe to get all 9to5Google’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The EU is threatening to fine Google for violating antitrust regulations Foo Yun Chee, Reuters Oct. 1, 2016, 6:28 PM 3,560 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google CEO Sundar Pichai. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google which has previously denied any wrongdoing, did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Separately, the Commission is investigating whether Google favors its own shopping service over those of rivals, and could also fine it in that case. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival SEE ALSO: Google might release a new laptop and tablet that run on a completely new operating system NOW WATCH: Columbia law professor argues that 'privacy has been privatized' Loading video... More: Reuters Google Anti-trust European Union facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The EU is threatening to fine Google for violating antitrust regulations The EU is threatening to fine Google for violating antitrust regulations EU antitrust regulators plan to order... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 68 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Twitter shares up on Google's reported interest in bid Google it talking with Lazard Ltd to explore a Twitter purchase, Bloomberg reports. Post to Facebook Twitter shares up on Google's reported interest in bid Google it talking with Lazard Ltd to explore a Twitter purchase, Bloomberg reports.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2dLYl0e {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Twitter shares up on Google's reported interest in bid Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 9:36 a.m. EDT October 3, 2016 Twitter's San Francisco headquarters (Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO – Google is talking with Lazard Ltd to explore a possible Twitter purchase, Bloomberg reports. The company reached out to San Francisco-based financial advisors Lazard Ltd. to aid in a potential deal, the news service reported Friday. Twitter (TWTR) was up 4% to $23.99 in early trading Monday. The purchase could unlock a trove of data for Alphabet's Google, data that it has been walled off from with the rise of Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat. The company already partners with Twitter to include tweets in search results. It has also included Twitter in its DoubleClick advertising service. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani joined Twitter's board as executive chairman last year. Twitter declined to comment on the rumor. Google did not respond immediately to a request for comment. Twitter had previously hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to aid it as it explores potential deals, according to reports. A pioneer in social media, Twitter has stagnated and experienced severe management turmoil recently. Rivals such as Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger and Snapchat have outpaced it in the past few years. Contributing: Jessica Guynn 68 CONNECTTWEET 5 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dLYl0e
Fri 18 Nov 2016 | 4:44 EST You are here: Home > News > Business > Article Home News Top News Business Canada Sports Entertainment Technology World Indices Canadian Rates Products & Services Support About Thomson Reuters Exclusive: EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected Sat Oct 1, 2016 2:23pm EDT   Email This Article | Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter | Print This Article | Single Page [-] Text [+] By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's (GOOGL.O: Quote) Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said.   Continued... View article on single page   More news Dollar hits 13-1/2 year high, U.S. bond yields gain on Trump stimulus bets Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Canada, Mexico leaders to discuss NAFTA strategy this weekend: source Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO More... ca.reuters.com:  Help & Info |  Contact Us Thomson Reuters Corporate:  Copyright |  Disclaimer |  Privacy Policy |  Careers   International Editions : Africa  |  Arabic  |  Argentina  |  Brazil  |  Canada  |  China  |  France  |  Germany  |  India  |  Italy  |  Japan  |  Latin America  |  Mexico  |  Russia  |  Spain  |  United Kingdom  |  United States   Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.


Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 43-58 We set you thinking Friday 18 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World U.N. expert questions legality of 'brutal' mass evictions in Nigeria 1479401065 World East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district 1479400471 World EU chair Slovakia presses eastern states' migration agenda, stirs anger 1479399632 Business JPMorgan to pay $264 million to resolve hiring allegations: SEC 1479400023 Business Japan's Universal Entertainment loses defamation appeal against Reuters 1479399994 Business PSA, Renault, VW lead European car sales decline 1479366203 World Philippines' Duterte says may follow Russia's withdrawal from 'useless' ICC 1479367456 World Ecuador says Sweden should promise Assange will not be extradited 1479399843 Business Singdollar rises to 3.1057 ringgit 1479361860 World Strikes on rebel-held east Aleppo kill 25: monitor 1479398855 World About 100 migrants feared dead in Mediterranean: aid group 1479398670 World Philippine delegate: waiting for instructions after Duterte's threat to quit ICC 1479398780 World Russia hopes for Trump new approach to Syria crisis: agencies 1479398613 World Serbian military to check arms depot security after guns disappear 1479399271 World U.N. watchdog says Iran is endangering support for nuclear deal 1479397675 World Greeks march to mark 1973 student revolt, protest against austerity 1479396317 World EU states agree visa-free travel for Ukraine, but not yet 1479398568 Business U.S. unveils criminal charges in Valeant probe: prosecutors 1479394007 Business AOL to cut 500 jobs, mostly in corporate units: source 1479398333 Business Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' 1479399069 Business Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales 1479398555 Business Oil rises on optimism over OPEC deal; stronger dollar caps gains 1479398999 Singapore The low-down on rising medical costs 1479398173 World Train to Peru's Machu Picchu suspends service due to threat of protest 1479397496 Business McDonald's investor renews push for antibiotic reduction in all meat 1479397242 Singapore NKF on solid ground, but needs more donors in a hurry: Analysts 1479397878 Business Ford cuts 2017 profit forecast for credit arm 1479397167 World Iraqi forces yet to seal off Mosul as battle enters second month 1479391011 World Bersih protest to go ahead as court quashes injunction to stop rally 1479397277 World Britain ratifies Paris climate agreement 1479394162 World UK has kind of Brexit negotiating structure but won't be easy: Scots minister 1479394054 World South Sudan army and rebels clash, at least 15 dead 1479395058 Business Trade is important, binds world together: Fed's Dudley 1479393627 Business Wells Fargo says account openings slow in October 1479394357 Business Wall St. opens flat ahead of Yellen's testimony 1479393239 World Congo opposition figure Badibanga named PM of unity government 1479395232 Business U.S. inflation, labor market data bolster Fed December rate hike 1479393507 Business Best Buy same-store sales beat estimates, shares hit 3-year high 1479395445 World Testing times as South Korean students sit for college exam 1479359700 World Japan's Abe, Trump set to meet; Abe seeking to build trust 1479395635 Business Dollar dips from 13-1/2 year peak before Yellen testimony 1479395297 Business Fed rate hike could come ‘relatively soon’: Yellen 1479395778 Business BreadTalk to open Din Tai Fung in London next year 1479395773 Sports Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise 1479395460 Daily Focus S’pore’s coral reefs proving resilient in the face of challenges 1479395178 Entertainment Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris 1479395172 Lifestyle Find out Victoria's Secret to body confidence 1479390960 Business Oct exports plunge 12 per cent, further clouding outlook 1479393300 World Disowned by family, women rescued from Indian brothels turn to counseling 1479392698 Business Less traditional work could hurt U.S. worker security: Fed's Dudley 1479392322 Business Exclusive: EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected File photo of a Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:15 PM, October 1, 2016 Updated: 4:25 AM, October 2, 2016 BRUSSELS - EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's <GOOGL.O> Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favoring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo says account openings slow in October Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks Inside Today World U.N. expert questions legality of 'brutal' mass evictions in Nigeria East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district Ecuador says Sweden should promise Assange will not be extradited EU chair Slovakia presses eastern states' migration agenda, stirs anger Serbian military to check arms depot security after guns disappear Business JPMorgan to pay $264 million to resolve hiring allegations: SEC Japan's Universal Entertainment loses defamation appeal against Reuters Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' Oil rises on optimism over OPEC deal; stronger dollar caps gains Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales Sports Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Rooney sorry for ‘inappropriate’ hotel pictures Barcelona land Rakuten as main sponsor in S$84m deal Injured Indonesia star Irfan Bachdim out of Suzuki Cup SportCares teen blossoms from timid footballer to assured leader Entertainment Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset Dwayne Johnson named People’s magazine’s ‘sexiest man alive’ About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Search   Home Categories Audio Business Games Graphics Internet Utilities New Downloads Top Downloads Link to Us   AweSync 6.5.0.0 10/01/2016      Category: Business Description of AweSync AweSync is designed to synchronize Lotus Notes Calendar, Contacts, Tasks and Notebook with Google. Lotus Notes is one of the most world-famous and powerful messaging, calendar planning, and collaboration enterprise platforms. There are millions people in the world using Lotus Notes calendars at work. On the other hand - Google is extremely popular for personal and business applications, including Google calendar. AweSync may be useful for the users who want to: - keep their Lotus Notes business calendar and Google personal calendar and tasks in sync to organize continuous and seamless planning space - share their business schedule or free-busy time information originating in Lotus Notes to virtually any Internet users via Google Calendar - synchronize their mobile device with Lotus Notes starting from version 6.5 by using Google calendar as intermediate storage of their events in conjunction with Google Sync for Android, BlackBerry, iPhone, or Windows Mobile - Have the same contacts in Lotus Notes and Google We feel very confident that you will find our AweSync product to be a leader in this product space and hope you will try it out for your synchronization needs. To start synchronizing, the only thing you need is to define your Lotus Notes Mail File settings, which are actually discovered on utility startup, so you just need to check those, and also, define your Google credentials. Though, for convenient synchronization we have added some advanced features: - Automatic scheduled synchronization at defined intervals of time, or manual on-demand synchronization - Full two-way synchronization, or one-way with defined data source either Notes to Google, or Google to Notes - Comprehensive conflict handling - newer wins, or defined data source overwrite - Selection of one or more Google calendars for synchronization - Support of recurring events with rescheduling and cancellations - Privacy options to disable synchronization of certain fields Windows Vista Starter, Windows Vista Home Basic, Windows Vista Home Premium, Windows Vista Business, Windows Vista Enterprise, Windows Vista Ultimate, Windows Vista Home Basic x64, Windows Vista Home Premium x64, Windows Vista Business x64, Windows Vista Enterprise x64, Windows Vista Ultimate x64, Win7 x32, Win7 x64, Windows 8, WinVista, WinVista x64 Screenshot New Freeware Downloads on File Flash   Advanced SystemCare 10.0.3.671 ... Advanced SystemCare 10 is an easy-to-use yet all-in-one Windows PC optimization utility. It helps clean, optimize, speed up and protect your system, as well as secure your online privacy. With the best 1-click approach, it is easier for you to clean up junk files, leftovers, and registry entries, and optimize startup items, system resources, and Internet connections to greatly speed up your computer boot time, responding & browsing speed. With the newly added cleaning for unnecessary ...   Prism Video Converter Free for Mac 2.66 ... Prism Free Video Converter Software for Mac converts all of the most popular video formats including mpeg4, divx, wmv, and more! Prism Free also lets you set encoder/compression rates, resolution, and frame rates. You can also set a specific size for the output of your file. Use the preview feature to sample the original file and see what the output video file will be before converting the video file. This helps ensure accuracy and the best output results. Prism Video Converter Free for ...   RationalPlan Project Viewer 4.14.0 ... RationalPlan Project Viewer by Stand By Soft is a free project management software viewer, the perfect solution for anyone (from project stakeholders to team workers) to view your projects in detail. Although the project managers plan and control the projects from start to end and make all the necessary changes, there are some other people, the stakeholders that need to check and overview the projects evolution into their smallest detail. RationalPlan Project Viewer is freely distributed as a ...   Free Hide IP 4.1.5.2 ... Free Hide IP, the best free privacy protection software, could hide your real IP address for FREE, anonymize your web surfing, keep your computer safe from hacker attacks and other risks, all with a single click of a button without any configuration. With Free Hide IP, you can surf anonymously on line, send anonymous emails through any web based mail system, get un-banned from restricted forums or other websites, keeping your computer safe from websites, hackers or identity thieves that want ...   Free iTunes Backup Extractor 7.0.3 ... What can you do to extract and recover your iPhone data if you get them lost for the following reasons: 1.Deleted important data from iPhone by mistake. 2.iPhone is damaged, lost or stolen. 3.iPhone stuck in black/white screen of death, iPhone is inaccessible. 4.Too many data on iPhone, want to backup iPhone data to computer. 5.Lost important files on iPhone after iPhone jailbreak or factory restore. 6.iOS update cause data lost from iPhone. 7.Forgot iPhone lock-screen passcode. To ...   Submit Rating Author: Inexika Inc. License: Shareware Price: $19.99 File Size: 4.9 MB Downloads: 25   Download   Home Page   Report Error   Related Software Public ShareFolder for Outlook 1.4 GooOut.Net 1.1.4648 Add2Exchange Enterprise 14 OutShare for Outlook 1.0.3708 Garmin PC Sync 1.4.0.6 eM Client 4.0.13961 Lotus Notes Contacts to Outlook 3.0 iPhone to Android Transfer 3.1.2 Lotus Notes Contacts to Outlook 7.0 Convert Lotus Notes Contacts to Outlook 7.0 Catalog Google Sync Lotus Lotus Sync Google Google Calendar Sync Google Contacts Sync Google Tasks Sync Google Calendar Synchronization Lotus Calendar Sync Lotus Contacts Sync Lotus Tasks Sync Lotus Sync Iphone Lotus Sync Android   Home Submit Software Feeds Link to Us Privacy ©2000-2015 File Flash. All Rights Reserved.
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Malicious 'DressCode' Malware Now Spreading Across App Stores 1 October 2016, 7:17 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Trend Micro recently announced that the Google Play Store is anything but safe. The security experts highlighted that a number of apps are carrying the DressCode malware, which can exploit both home and enterprise networks.  ( Trend Micro ) Advertisement Google Play offers a myriad of great apps, but some infected ones bypass the vetting process and end up infecting the mobile devices of Android users. A recent wave of panic went through the Android community as it was revealed that more than 400 apps transformed infected phones into listening posts. What is more, the tampered phones are capable of siphoning sensitive data from protected networks and share them with malicious users. In a blog post, security researchers from Trend Micro affirm that an app carrying the so-called DressCode malware was downloaded between 100,000 and 500,000 times prior to being removed from the Google-hosted marketplace Specifically, the app is dubbed Mod GTA 5 for Minecraft PE and it appears to be just another mobile game. However, the developers of the "game" embedded mischievous components in its code that allow the phone to connect with a server that is being controlled by the attacker. Normally, when devices use a network, something called network address translation protections keep them away from harm, but the malign server was crafted to bypass the shielding system. Trend Micro explains that via the malware, threat actors get unauthorized access to a user's network ecosystem. This means that should an infected device log in to an enterprise network, this enables the attacker to go around the NAT device and strike the internal server directly. Another way to make use of the infiltrated device is to use it "as a springboard" to siphon sensitive data. This is not the first time in recent history when Google Play was reportedly breeding security liabilities. About three weeks ago, experts with security firm Check Point discovered 40 DressCode-infected apps in Google Play. At the time, Check Point reported that infected apps scored between 500,000 and 2 million downloads on the Android app platform. According to Trend Micro, it is quite challenging to pinpoint which part of the app contains malicious functions. Google did respond to the security researchers' blog post in an email to Ars Technica, noting that it is "aware of the issue." The company said that it focuses on resolving the security problem as soon as possible. In 2012, Google rolled out Bouncer, a cloud-based security scanner that eliminates malicious apps from its Play Store. In the four years that passed, researchers who are keeping an eye on Google Play Store detected and reported on thousands of apps that come packed with malware and other security exploits. This makes one wonder if Bouncer is maybe in need of an update. TAG TrendMicro, Google Play Store, Malware, DressCode Malware © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Play Store Apps Sneakily Infected With New DressCode Android Malware Google Gives 13 Android Apps The Boot For Secretly Downloading Malware Into Users’ Devices Android Malware Infects Thousands Of Apps With Adware Strand And It's Impossible To Wipe Capcom Relaunches 'Street Fighter V' Update For The PC: No More Malware Risks, Urien Now Safe To Play Phony 'Pokémon Go' App Tricks Half A Million Players Into Downloading Malware From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Close Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!

MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google G Suite vs Microsoft Office 365: Which Productivity Tools Are Right For You? 1 October 2016, 9:57 am EDT By Livia Rusu Tech Times Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing Microsoft - Here's What You Didn't KnowNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Google and Microsoft are battling for whose tools could improve productivity the most. The two companies finally began to separate their audience through highlighting the selling points of their tools.  ( Oli Scarff | Getty Images ) Advertisement Technology never tried so hard to solve our everyday office issues as hard as it does now. From word documents, to presentations and spreadsheets, every day at work has a quick solution. Spreadsheets: For Beginners To Pros Microsoft Excel is one of the most used Office applications, and much of its usefulness comes from the formulas for calculating different data in order to create relevant reports. For those who have been using Excel since the Mesozoic computer times, formulas come naturally, as people are creatures of habit. The problem is with the most recent users of spreadsheets — the ones trying to learn the ancient language of Excel formulas. And G Suite thought of them before anyone else. In order to make this task easier, the Google spreadsheets can employ formulas typed in natural language in an answer box on the top right corner of the sheet. This magic potentially solves all the calculations, so no need to remember those endless formulas, while making sure brackets are not missed at all. Working somewhat in the opposite direction, Office 365 tries to align its software to the generic public, while also improving the formulas for the Excel aficionados. As a power user, one can always create a perfect nested formula for the most specific reports. Earlier this year, Office announced six more Excel functions that received exceptional feedback from the niche. However, as the times require adapting, the program also improved the main functions to make it more intuitive for the generic audience. Exploring Word Documents G Suite thinks of constant ways of improving their usability and user experience, there's no secret here. Anything coming from Google has the same purpose of improved, high end experience. That's why, constantly addressing a larger audience, Google Docs now has an Explore function, which works like an embedded search in the document, suggesting related topics or images and even pointing to other Docs in your drive. The feature is not only welcome, but it also helps create a better connection across platforms. "We know that it's helpful to refer to other content when writing an analysis, summary or proposal. That's why we've also made it easy to find a related document from Drive or search Google, right in Explore. Less time spent switching between apps more time to polish your ideas," reads the Google Docs blog. At the same time, Office Word 365 positions itself as a generic writing program whose core functions have been used through time. The 365 lacks the References and Mailings, and if a user has a specific editing needs, their options with Office 365 are not the best. However, compared to the Docs counterpart, it has similar functionalities. It is in the end a matter of perspective: compared to the classic Office Word, Office Online has mere basic functionalities, Google Docs doesn't seem to offer a lot more, either. If when it comes to Spreadsheets, Google is the clear winner. But the king of documents remains Office for one simple reason: the pretty interface that helps you create eye candy documents, however basic in nature. Power, Always To The Point The Google Slides' selling point is clearly the layout suggestion of the explore features, with the promise to "make your content shine." "We've seen that people save over 30 percent of the time they would have spent on formatting when they use Explore. So even if design isn't your style, rest assured you'll have a beautiful presentation to be proud of. Instantly," Google Docs says. Office focused on something visual, rather than pragmatic. With its Zoom feature allowing to create non-linear presentations, PowerPoint as it have been known has started to look like an improved Pro: always there to help users be astonishing. And, with its new app launcher, Office is going places. Truth is, there is no clear winner and, depending on what a user is looking for in terms of reliability, design or saving some time, solutions differ. The good news is that there seems to be a fix for any office issues. TAG Office 365, G Suite, Productivity © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Collaborates With Box: Big Move To Rule The Cloud? Office Team Leader Qi Lu To Leave Microsoft Due To Health Reasons Microsoft Office 365 Updates: Meet Word Researcher And Editor [Video] Microsoft Agrees To Preload Office, OneDrive And Skype Apps In Lenovo Android Devices Google Docs, Sheets And Slides With Split View And Auto-Formatting Now Look Better On iPad Pro From Our Sponsor Where Can You Get The Best Smartphone Deals And Tablet Deals This Fall At Unbeatable Prices? With the holiday season drawing near, if you're one of the early tech shoppers who's on the lookout to snag a good deal on smartphone, tablet or any gadget, check out GearBest. SPONSORED BY GearBest Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google Maps gets hands-free navigation at last by Josh Levenson — in Google 721 shares Google has quietly updated its Maps application for Android with support for a much-requested new feature — ‘Ok Google’ commands. This is a pretty big deal as it means that users no longer have to tap the microphone icon before speaking when driving. Once the update has been installed on their device, users will be able to say ‘Ok Google,’ followed by a suitable voice command to start navigation to a new destination, seek an alternative route or change driving settings. They will also have the facility to verbally ask Google Maps questions that they’d usually have to glance at their smartphone’s screen to see the answer to, such as “Is there traffic ahead? and “What’s my next turn?” The capabilities of Maps’ speech recognition functionality are pretty much endless, so it may be a little daunting at first. Fortunately, Google has released a cheat sheet full of commands to help you get started. Check out a few of the best ones below: “Show route overview” or “Show alternate routes” “What road is this?” “What’s my ETA?” “Navigate home” or “Navigate to Starbucks” “What’s the weather like?” “Find gas stations” “What’s the closest hotel?” “Find restaurants” Some users are reporting that ‘Ok Google’ commands aren’t enabled by default once the update has been landed on their handset. If this turns out to be the case for you, open up the overflow menu, tap ‘Settings,’ then flick the switch next to ‘OK Google detection’ from off to on. via Search Engine Land Use voice search and commands on Google Support Read next: Why Spotify buying SoundCloud would be the best thing ever AppsGoogleGoogle Maps Share on Facebook (281) Share on Twitter (322) Josh Levenson is a reporter from London, UK. Happy to hear your thoughts on levenson@thenextweb.com or @jlevens0n on Twitter. Josh Levenson is an avid technology enthusiast who writes news and the occasional how-to article. He's also a self-proclaimed sneakerhead and has been an Apple fan for as long as he can remember. Contact Mail Tweet Location London, UK Posts 85 Posts / mo. 32.28   All posts by Josh > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure I can't stop watching this bird speak perfect Japanese Juan Buis Never lose your Discover Weekly playlist again with this IFTTT Applet Matthew Hughes Google's amazing AI experiments let you play with neural networks Juan Buis #TrumpNarratesPlanetEarth is the funniest thing on Twitter today Bryan Clark Comments Recommended Design thinking as a strategy: How understanding innovation creates innovation Jan Meijroos Most popular 1 Twitter rolls out Snapchat-like QR codes for some users Bryan Clark 2 Google's amazing AI experiments let you play with neural networks Juan Buis 3 Domino's begins delivering pizza by drone in New Zealand Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 Amazon Prime Video is going global next month to take on Netflix Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Coca-Cola 'selfie bottle' lets you snap pics as you sip your health away Mix Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Firefox Focus for iOS makes private browsing a breeze Abhimanyu Ghoshal Three Mobile breached, millions of UK customers' data at risk Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook now lets users trigger Safety Checks Abhimanyu Ghoshal White supremacists plan to flood Twitter with 'fake black people' Bryan Clark Apple finally acknowledges iPhone 'Touch Disease' problem by denying responsibility Bryan Clark This iPad-like 'Apple Mirror' is all I want for Christmas Bryan Clark Dog Parker is a high-tech parking spot... for your dog Bryan Clark The best things about the Surface Studio won't even be made by Microsoft Napier Lopez Google data reveals searches for KKK hit an all-time high after Trump win Bryan Clark Apple reportedly considering building iPhones in the US instead of China Napier Lopez Study: Swearing on Twitter leads to a presumption of ignorance Bryan Clark Apple’s automated backups are making every iPhone owner vulnerable Lauren Gilmore This service offers $1 digital blowjobs that apparently feel like the real deal Juan Buis Apple might boost the iPhone camera with augmented reality gimmicks Mix 24 hours only: Protect your online data for life with Hotspot Shield Elite VPN, now at its lowest price yet TNW Deals @stephenrcovey Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous.
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Nothing, not even your digital memories, lasts forever Commentary: The future of life logging means fragmentation and uncertainty. Consider the tale of Narrative. Nothing, not even your digital memories, lasts forever 0 Share: Tech Culture by Scott Stein October 1, 2016 4:45 AM PDT @jetscott Up Next President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy "Please read: Narrative Ceases Support and How to Use Your Clip." The email came on my commute home to New Jersey. I read it on the train. I knew what this meant. I had tried the Narrative Clip before. You probably haven't. It's a small life-logging camera that was released several years ago, well before Snap Spectacles, but after Google Glass tried to capture photo memories as a lifestyle, too. I reviewed the first one back in 2014. Since then, a new version added video recording and better-resolution photos, but, it was designed to be an automatic wearable camera that recorded snaps and clips to be uploaded online, capturing memories when you might forget to otherwise. The email continued: On September 26 2016, the company Narrative AB filed for voluntary dissolution. While this means that the Narrative team can no longer continue sales and support of the Narrative Clip, we are committed to secure the future use of all existing products currently in customers' hands. Narrative Clip auto-snapped photos and uploaded them to a server, where these endless memories would be organized by time. These bits of your life would function, perhaps, as tiny ways to jog memory. MyLifeBits, as Gordon Bell called them years before even Narrative Clip existed (Gordon Bell's idea, captured in his book Your Life, Uploaded, was an extension of Vannevar Bush's idea of the Memex, which dates back to 1945.) It's the fantasy of digital storage as surrogate memory. And we live in that surrogate memory now, deeply. But sometimes it's not there for us. Previously, Narrative uploaded those photos (through a tethered phone). But now that the company is going away, it's no longer hosting those collected photos anymore on its server. To get to Narrative's stored photos of you, you'll need to use an upcoming tool and manually offload them to an app. Narrative, however, hasn't yet defined how that tool will work, and when asked for comment a representative declined to go into further detail. What happens when that Black Mirror idea of memory recall has a server issue?Photo by Zeppotron The point is, infinite storage is no longer there for you. For photos that are taken continuously, that's a problem. The camera can't hold enough on its own -- that's what Narrative's server was for. It's a problem for all photos, and the things we keep snapping of ourselves: where do we put them? And will they always stay there? I live off Google, and my endless, scattered social media feeds. Something's on Facebook, some stuff is on Twitter, and oh yeah, Instagram -- and what did I do about LinkedIn? Snapchat, which made "autodestruct" messages famous, switched over to archiving your memories, too. The feature is even called "Memories." Most services I use feature nearly infinite storage. A promise of memory that goes on forever. But this is a reminder for any future gadget that funnels its photos or content into one place: Snapchat and its Spectacles, Google and any future Glass follow-up. We are pushed to live in digital spaces, and sometimes those spaces disappear. I'm just concerned about living too heavily in any experimental life-logging world where I'm dependent on one tool and one app. If that app or that service goes away, I'm lost. It could happen anywhere. And to Narrative Clip, it just did. Sure, Narrative was a small company, and the camera wasn't even very good. But how do I know what services will last, or what ones will disappear? Just ask devoted users of Twitpic. And even if the company is alive and well, there's no guarantee the service will go on: just look at Google Reader, Google Wave, iGoogle and Google Notebook, for instance. Or consider how cloud-storage services continually change rules on pricing and storage. because i sure did not know that. and now every picture i took on vacation the last two weeks is gone. forever.— caitlin petrakovitz (@misscp) September 29, 2016 If we're diving headlong into keeping our memories on someone else's servers, I'd rather know that I can always reliably get them back -- and that I won't have my memory dissolved at a future date. That Black Mirror vision of your life always being logged isn't just bothersome because of the nightmare of everything being able to be recalled at a moment's notice. It's a nightmare because someday, when you least expect it -- server outage, company going out of business, customer service error, a glitch or something in between -- you also might not be able to access anything at all. Tags Tech Culture Wearable Tech Related Stories Your holiday shopping battle guide Australian eagles 9, drones 0 Amazon confronts Trump's view of the US head on Trump's chief strategist thinks too many tech CEOs are Asian? Close   Discuss: Nothing, not even your digital memories,... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Rumor: Three new iPhones coming in 2017. Only one will be OLED. Apple's working on digital glasses. How special is the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar? And Apple's selling a book...for $300. by Brian Tong Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Compare India Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNewsCompare India Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Compare India Google Adds More Artificial Intelligence to B2B Cloud Services Nike Brings Out HyperAdapt, a $720 Self-Lacing Sneaker Nissan to Provide Cashless Options For Aftersales Needs of Customers in India Snap's Founders Not a Bit Reluctant to Declare IPO News18 » Tech 2-min read Google Adds More Artificial Intelligence to B2B Cloud Services Reuters First published: October 1, 2016, 5:34 PM IST | Updated: October 1, 2016 Google offers a range of apps like word processing and email, as well as the ability to host data and offer resources for developers. (Image: Reuters) Alphabet Inc's Google has renamed its business-to-business cloud computing brand and enhanced some enterprise applications using artificial intelligence, the company's latest gambit to better compete with Amazon.com and Microsoft Corp. in the lucrative cloud business. Discussing the rebranded Google Cloud, Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google's enterprise business, said the company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology. Cloud computing uses remote internet servers to store, manage and process data, and Google offers a range of apps like word processing and email, as well as the ability to host data and offer resources for developers. The new name replaces the Google for Work brand. "We are closing the gap incredibly fast" with competitors, Greene, a former CEO of VMware who joined Google last year to ramp up its cloud business, told experts and journalists at an event. Analysts say Google trails Amazon and Microsoft in market share but is gaining under Greene. Although the business is not big enough to break out separately in its quarterly earnings statement, Google reported a 33 percent surge in "other revenue" in its most recent quarter, which analysts said was probably due largely to gains in cloud computing. Greene has moved quickly to streamline engineering and appointed new leadership to beef up the company's cloud business. This has helped improve sales, Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said during the company's latest earnings call. Earlier this month, Google acquired cloud software company Apigee Corp in a deal valued at about $625 million. The company on Thursday also announced a partnership with consultant Accenture to develop cloud services for clients in industries such a retail, healthcare and finance. In addition, the company said it had woven more artificial intelligence into its apps to help employees work more efficiently. Using machine learning to crunch troves of data, Google says its apps will prompt users to, say, open files at certain times of day or propose meetings based on their habits. Google recently added a U.S. data centre in Oregon in order to speed up service and next year will open more in Virginia, Mumbai, Singapore, Sydney, São Paulo, London, Finland and Frankfurt. cloud computing Google Trending Articles Force 2 Movie Review: You'll Love to Hate Tahir Raj Bhasin Chris Martin Parties With SRK, Shraddha Kapoor Ahead of Global Citizen Festival Force 2 Movie Review: Fast-paced Plot Will Keep You Hooked Force 2? First Legitimate Film After PM Modi's Decision to Demonetise: John Abraham Trending Articles Force 2 Movie Review: You'll Love to Hate Tahir Raj Bhasin Chris Martin Parties With SRK, Shraddha Kapoor Ahead of Global Citizen Festival Force 2 Movie Review: Fast-paced Plot Will Keep You Hooked Force 2? First Legitimate Film After PM Modi's Decision to Demonetise: John Abraham Force 2 Movie Review: You'll Love to Hate Tahir Raj Bhasin New Zealand vs Pakistan 1st Test: Debutants de Grandhomme, Rawal Put Kiwis in Control Force 2 Movie Review: Fast-paced Plot Will Keep You Hooked New Zealand unlikely to host full Pak series From Our Network 2017 UP Assembly Election: Priyanka Gandhi to lead Congress campaign, Rahul's role unclear- FirstPost One dead, 10 injured in explosion in Nagda industrial town - Pradesh18 CM Vasundhara Raje appoints chairmen and members of various boards - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Watch: Parliament Daily With Pallavi Ghosh PM Modi Not Properly Briefed on Demonetisation, Says Ex- RBI Dy Guv Chakrabarty Karnataka HC Orders Winding up of Kingfisher Airlines Limited Trump Taps Kansas Congressman Mike Pompeo for CIA Director Accountability Should be Fixed for Chaotic Situation, Says Shatrughan Sinha Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Report: Google Hires Adviser to Aid Potential Twitter Acquisition October 1, 2016 7:44am Nasdaq:GOOGL NYSE:TWTR ShareTweet According to sources close to the situation, Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has hired a financial adviser to help evaluate a potential acquisition offer for social media giant Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR). Reports indicate Google has tapped a familiar face in Lazard to advise during the M&A process. From Bloomberg: In tapping Lazard Ltd., Google hasn’t indicated it will definitely make an offer for Twitter. But the move suggests that Google is evaluating the option, pitting the search giant against other potential bidders including Walt Disney Co. and Salesforce.com Inc. Lazard also served as Google’s adviser earlier this year amid the company’s buyout of software developer Apigee. That $625 million deal is expected to close by the end of 2016. A deal for Twitter would be far more expensive. Reports indicate TWTR could be demanding a valuation as high as $30 billion, with a bidding war not out of the question, considering the sheer number of firms expressing interest. For its part, Twitter has brought on an advisory team as well: Twitter hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Allen & Co. to solicit potential buyers after receiving interest from Salesforce, people familiar with the situation have said. The company, which has seen user growth stagnate for more than a year, has been trying to reshape its identity by focusing on video and live events. Alphabet shares closed at $804.06 on Friday, up $1.42 (+0.18%). Year-to-date, GOOGL has risen 3.35%. Tags: Alphabet Equity google NASDAQ:GOOGL NYSE:TWTR Social Media technology Twitter Categories: Nasdaq:GOOGL NYSE:TWTR Read Next Citi Analyst Sees 40% Downside Risk for Twitter Twitter Shares Surge 20% as Takeover Offer Appears Imminent Google Facing Potential $400 Million Tax Bill in Indonesia Report: Twitter’s 140 Character Limit Will Expand Soon Report: Twitter Will Discuss Potential Sale at Tuesday’s Board Meeting Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Two Popular Leveraged Oil ETFs Are Shutting Down Next Month Here’s What’s Fueling The Irrational Rally In Shipping Stocks The New Islamic Gold Standard Could Send Gold Prices Skyrocketing Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Soccer Clockwatch Hull City 0-2 Chelsea, Premier League and more: Saturday clockwatch – as it happened Chelsea beat Hull City and Liverpool beat Swansea as the day’s three other Premier League fixture ended all square View the Premier League table Updated Chelsea’s Diego Costa celebrates after scoring their second goal at Hull. Photograph: Lindsey Parnaby/AFP/Getty Images Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Saturday 1 October 2016 12.28 EDT Last modified on Saturday 1 October 2016 12.45 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 12.07pm EDT 12:07 Scottish Premiership full-times 12.05pm EDT 12:05 League One full-times 12.03pm EDT 12:03 Championship full-times ... 12.01pm EDT 12:01 Full time: Watford 2-2 Bournemouth 11.59am EDT 11:59 Aston Villa miss a penalty 11.42am EDT 11:42 GOAL! Sunderland 1-1 West Brom 11.37am EDT 11:37 Brighton double their lead Live feed Show 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Celtic captain Scott Brown strikes to secure win over Dundee Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Roberto Di Matteo under increasing pressure after Aston Villa defeat Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27pm EDT 12:27 Sunderland’s Patrick van Aanholt grabs late equaliser to deny West Brom win Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27pm EDT 12:27 Dimitri Payet magic earns West Ham a point against Middlesbrough Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.26pm EDT 12:26 Watford rescue point against Bournemouth thanks to Isaac Success Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.13pm EDT 12:13 Liverpool’s James Milner spot-on again to sink Swansea City Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.11pm EDT 12:11 Chelsea earn comfortable win at Hull to ease pressure on Antonio Conte Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 Scottish Premiership full-times Dundee 0-1 Celtic, Hamilton Academical 1-1 Inverness, Kilmarnock 0-4 Aberdeen, Rangers 2-0 Partick Thistle, Ross County 0-2 St Johnstone. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 League One full-times AFC Wimbledon 2-0 Gillingham, Bolton Wanderers 0-2 Oxford United, Bury 1-2 Scunthorpe, Charlton Athletic 0-1 Rochdale, Chesterfield 0-1 Bradford City, Fleetwood Town 1-1 Sheffield United, Northampton Town 2-3 Bristol Rovers, Oldham Athletic 0-2 MK Dons, Port Vale 0-2 Coventry City, Shrewsbury Town 1-1 Swindon Town, Southend United 1-1 Peterborough, Walsall 2-1 Millwall. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.03pm EDT 12:03 Championship full-times ... Fulham 1-2 QPR, Birmingham City 1-0 Blackburn Rovers, Brentford 0-0 Wigan Athletic, Bristol City 2-1 Nottingham Forest, Burton Albion 2-0 Cardiff City, Ipswich Town 0-1 Huddersfield, Leeds United 2-1 Barnsley, Preston 2-0 Aston Villa, Reading 1-1 Derby County, Rotherham United 0-1 Newcastle United, Sheffield Wednesday 1-2 Brighton. Wolves v Norwich is a 5.30 kick-off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.01pm EDT 12:01 Full time: Watford 2-2 Bournemouth Premier League: It finishes all square in a very entertaining game at Vicarage Road, where Callum Wilson put Bournemouth ahead only for Troy Deeney to equalise. Bournemouth went ahead again through Josh King, but Isaac Success restored parity for Watford in the 65th minute. Jack Wilshere had a wonderful opportunity to give Bournemouth the lead for a third time, but inexplicably hit the outside of the post when the goal was yawning. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.59am EDT 11:59 Aston Villa miss a penalty Championship: Jesus wept. Trailing 2-0 against Preston at Deepdale, Aston Villa get a late, late penalty. Ross McCormack steps up and proceeds to miss it. It probably wouldn’t have made any difference, but seems to sum up Villa’s season in a nutshell. It finishes 2-0 to Preston. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.57am EDT 11:57 Full time: Sunderland 1-1 West Brom Premier League: Sunderland arrest their run of three consecutive defeats to secure just their second point of the season against West Brom. Nacer Chadli put the Baggies ahead with his third goal in as many games, only for Patrick van Aanholt to volley home an equaliser. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.55am EDT 11:55 Full time: West Ham 1-1 Middlesbrough Premier League: Cristian Stuani put Middlesbrough ahead, only for Dimitri Payet to equalise with a sensational individual effort - make sure to get a look at it if you can. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.53am EDT 11:53 Full time: Hull City 0-2 Chelsea Premier League: Chelsea take all three points despite a spirited first half from Hull City. Willian and Diego Costa got the goals, with both men scoring into the same top corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.50am EDT 11:50 A late equaliser for Reading Championship: George Evans pokes home from five yards out to make it Reading 1-1 Derby County as the game enters the closing moments. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 Chances at the London Stadium Premier League: It’s 1-1 between West Ham and Middlesbrough and Gaston Ramirez and Michail Antonio have just fired wide with consecutive long range efforts. Updated at 11.46am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.42am EDT 11:42 GOAL! Sunderland 1-1 West Brom Premier League: Patrick van Aanholt makes up for his inability to defend by scoring a goal for Sunderland to make it all square at the Stadium of Light. He began and finished the move which resulted in him slamming the ball into the ground and over goalkeeper Ben Foster. It’s all square. Patrick van Aanholt equalises for Sunderland Photograph: Lee Smith/Reuters Updated at 11.58am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 Brighton double their lead Championship: Anthony Knockaert scores his fifth goal of the season to give Brighton a cushion against Sheffield Wednesday and is so happy about it that he gets booked for his over-zealous celebrations. Anthony Knockaert’s over-exuberant celebrations Photograph: John Clifton/Reuters Updated at 11.57am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 Jack Wilshere misses a sitter! Premier League: With the goal at his mercy, Jack Wilshere has a tap-in to put Bournemouth 3-2 up but strikes his effort against the outside of the upright. Updated at 11.35am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.33am EDT 11:33 Barnsley pull a goal back ... Championship: Sam Winnall halves the deficit for Barnsley in their needles match against Leeds. It’s 2-1 at Elland Road. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.31am EDT 11:31 More Championship goals ... Championship: Having conceded a Tammy Abraham equaliser, Nottingham Forest after 65 minutes have now gone behind after Jamie Paterson put Bristol City 2-1 up three minutes later. At St Andrews, Birmingham have broken the deadlock against Blackburn Rovers, with Stephen Gleeson scoring after 64 minutes. And at the Madejski Stadium, Jaap Stam’s Reading side are a goal down against Derby County, where Chris Powell is on the way to masterminding his second consecutive victory as the Rams’ caretaker manager in the absence of the suspended Nigel Pearson. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.27am EDT 11:27 GOAL! Watford 2-2 Bournemouth Premier League: Crikey! It’s a tale of two substitutes as Isaac Success lives up to his name by coming off the bench to equalise for Watford. He heads a José Holebas free-kick past Artur Boruc to restore parity. Isaac Success equalises for Watford Photograph: Andrew Couldridge/Reuters Updated at 11.31am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.25am EDT 11:25 GOAL! Hull City 0-2 Chelsea Premier League: Diego Costa curls one into the top right-hand corner after good build-up play from Nemanja Matic. Diego Costa celebrates bringing Chelsea to 2-0 Photograph: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images Updated at 11.55am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.24am EDT 11:24 GOAL! Watford 1-2 Bournemouth Premier League: Just on as a substitute for Jordan Ibe, Josh King picks up the ball, runs at the Watford defence, takes a shot and wheels away in delight as it takes a wicked deflection past Heurelho Gomes. Josh King of Bournemouth celebrates after scoring a goal Photograph: James Baylis - AMA/Getty Images Updated at 11.29am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.21am EDT 11:21 Meanwhile in Scotland ... Scottish Premiership: Dundee 0-1 Celtic (result), Hamilton Academical 1-0 Inverness, Kilmarnock 0-2 Aberdeen, Rangers 2-0 Partick Thistle, Ross County 0-1 St Johnstone. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.20am EDT 11:20 GOAL! Hull City 0-1 Chelsea Premier League: Willian scores with a long range effort to put Chelsea one up against Hull City. He cut in from the flank and curled one inside the top corner from the edge of the penalty area. Willian scores to put Chelsea 1-0 up Photograph: Carl Recine/Reuters Updated at 11.24am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.18am EDT 11:18 Some goals in the Championship Championship: Table-toppers Huddersfield have opened the scoring against Ipswich Town, with Christophe Schindler getting his name on the goalscorer’s list. Meanwhile at Elland Road, Leeds have doubled their lead against Barnsley. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.16am EDT 11:16 GOAL! West Ham 1-1 Middlesbrough Premier League: Dimitri Payet cuts in from the left, performs several step-overs before shaping to pull the trigger and then fires home an equaliser for West Ham. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.13am EDT 11:13 GOAL! Watford 1-1 Bournemouth Premiership: Just before that goal at the London Stadium, Troy Deeney equalised for Watford against Bournemouth. It’s all square at Vicarage Road. Troy Deeney equalises for Watford to make it 1-1 Photograph: Richard Heathcote/Getty Images Updated at 11.16am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.12am EDT 11:12 GOAL! West Ham 0-1 Middlesbrough Premier League: Middlesbrough riff on West Ham’s London Stadium pain. They’ve gone ahead through Christian Stuani in the 51st minute. Christian Stuani celebrates bringing Middlesborough 1-0 up Photograph: John Walton/PA Updated at 11.19am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.07am EDT 11:07 An early second-half goal ... Championship: Burton have gone two goals up against Cardiff City, a glancing header from Lucas Akins doubling their lead after 49 minutes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.01am EDT 11:01 Scottish Premiership latest Dundee 0-1 Celtic (result), Hamilton Academical 1-0 Inverness, Kilmarnock 0-1 Aberdeen, Rangers 2-0 Partick Thistle, Ross County 0-1 St Johnstone. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.00am EDT 11:00 League One latest ... AFC Wimbledon 2-0 Gillingham, Bolton Wanderers 0-0 Oxford United, Bury 0-1 Scunthorpe, Charlton Athletic 0-1 Rochdale, Chesterfield 0-1 Bradford City, Fleetwood Town 1-0 Sheffield United, Northampton Town 1-0 Bristol Rovers, Oldham Athletic 0-1 MK Dons, Port Vale 0-1 Coventry City, Shrewsbury Town 1-1 Swindon Town, Southend United 0-0 Peterborough, Walsall 1-1 Millwall. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.51am EDT 10:51 Championship latest at half-time ... Fulham 1-2 QPR (result). Birmingham City 0-0 Blackburn Rovers, Brentford 0-0 Wigan Athletic, Bristol City 0-1 Nottingham Forest, Burton Albion 1-0 Cardiff City, Ipswich Town 0-0 Huddersfield, Leeds United 1-0 Barnsley, Preston 2-0 Aston Villa, Reading 0-0 Derby County, Rotherham United 0-1 Newcastle United, Sheffield Wednesday 0-1 Brighton. Wolves v Norwich is a 5.30 kick-off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.46am EDT 10:46 Rangers double their lead Scottish Premiership: Joey Barton’s training ground “bestie” Andrew Halliday scores a second for Rangers to double their lead against Partick Thistle. Elsewhere it’s Hamilton 1-0 Inverness, Kilmarnock 0-1 Aberdeen and Ross County 0-0 St Johnstone. Celtic have already beaten Dundee with the only goal of the game scored by Scott Brown at Dens Park. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.44am EDT 10:44 Newcastle take the lead ... Championship: On loan from Chelsea, Christian Atsu scores his first goal for Newcastle to put his side one up against Rotherham United at the New York Stadium. Newcastle United’s Christian Atsu scores their first goal Photograph: Craig Brough/Reuters Updated at 11.08am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.42am EDT 10:42 Leeds go ahead ... Championship: Kyle Bartley opens the scoring in the Yorkshire derby between Leeds United and Barnsley. Meanwhile at Deepdale, Preston have gone 2-0 up against Aston Villa, who seem more likely to slip into League One than bounce back into the Premier League. What a shambles they’ve become in recent years. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.39am EDT 10:39 Another goal in Scotland Scottish Premiership: Rangers lead Partick Thistle by a solitary goal scored by Niko Kranjcar. Updated at 10.47am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.36am EDT 10:36 GOAL! Sunderland 0-1 West Brom Premier League: Nacer Chadli scores his third goal in three games for the Baggies, who takes advantage of the home defence’s generosity to give the visitors a 1-0 lead on 35 minutes. West Bromwich Albion’s Nacer Chadli scores their first goal Photograph: Lee Smith/Reuters Updated at 10.52am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.35am EDT 10:35 A goal at Ashton Gate ... Championship: Nottingham Forest have gone a goal up against Bristol City, with Apostolos Vellios doing the honours. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.33am EDT 10:33 GOAL! Watford 0-1 Bournemouth Premier League: Callum Wilson opens the scoring at Vicarage Road to put Bournemouth ahead with a header after 31 minutes. It squeezed under Heurelho Gomes, who possibly should have done a little better to keep it out. Callum Wilson celebrates scoring their Bournemouth’s first goal Photograph: Andrew Couldridge/Reuters Updated at 10.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Championship League One League Two European club football More… Hull City Chelsea West Ham United Middlesbrough Watford Bournemouth Sunderland West Bromwich Albion Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 10/1/2016 7:19 AM App reviews: Melody Jams, Allo Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   In Melody Jams, kids can assemble a band of musical monsters. Each monster plays a different instrument, and a player can mix and match to create many combinations of styles and sounds. App Store Screenshot, Melody Jams Inc.   Google's new messaging app Allo has two main advantages: It has an "incognito mode" for extra security and it has Google's personal artificial intelligence assistant. (Named, rather straightforwardly, Google.) (Google via AP)   Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post     Melody Jams In Melody Jams, kids can assemble a band of musical monsters. Each monster plays a different instrument, and a player can mix and match to create many combinations of styles and sounds. Players can get in on the action themselves, choosing an instrument and jamming along with the band as they see fit. The app comes with one free stage -- a garage jam session -- and players can join in with the gang on the piano, the xylophone or the drums. There admittedly isn't a whole lot to Melody Jams, but it packs a lot of fun in a very simple premise. It's not the app for kids looking to get a music composition education, since you essentially play with lots of loops. And because it doesn't have sharing options or ask for registration, it's a pretty low-risk app to download as well. There are in-app purchases -- for 99 cents players can get another stage on which to play, as well as some different instruments for the monster and kid musicians. Further updates and scenes are expected. Free, for iOS. Allo Google's new messaging app Allo has two main advantages: It has an "incognito mode" for extra security and it has Google's personal artificial intelligence assistant. (Named, rather straightforwardly, Google.) Conversations with the AI assistant itself will turn up suggestions for places to hang out that evening, give you weather forecasts and conduct your Google searches. The assistant also understands more conversational language, so you don't have to use an exact phrase to get what you want. When talking to friends, it will also suggest replies for you. Still, there are times when the assistant misses the mark -- it should get better over time but may frustrate some more than it helps. It is worth noting that Google originally promised that all conversations in the app would be de-identified, and therefore not stored on Google's servers. But the app that the firm released this week only offers that option for those starting chats in incognito mode, rather than all chats. That means that chats could be tied to individuals if Google is subpoenaed by the federal government. Free, for iOS and Android. Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Digital Entertainment Washington Post Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Friday November 18 2016 6:06 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     A year of Alphabet: Great for Google, less so for moonshots October 01, 2016, 05:00 AM By Michael Liedtke The Associated SAN FRANCISCO — Reorganizing itself under the umbrella company Alphabet has done wonders for Google — but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons, which are suffering costly growing pains. A year after Alphabet took shape, Google’s revenue growth has accelerated — an unusual development for a company of its size. That success, however, also underscores Alphabet’s dependence on the fickle business of placing digital ads in core Google products like search, Gmail and YouTube video. As a result, it remains vulnerable to swings in marketing budgets and stiffening competition from another equally ambitious rival, Facebook. Alphabet was supposed to speed the process of turning offshoot businesses into new technological jackpots. CEO Larry Page predicted that separating these smaller “moonshots” from the massive search-and-advertising business would spur innovation by fostering a more entrepreneurial atmosphere. That hasn’t happened during Alphabet’s first year. MAKING THE SHIFT Until Page and fellow Google co-founder Sergey Brin created Alphabet (which turns 1 on Sunday), investors complained that Google was spending too much on high-risk efforts. New Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat, who joined Google in mid-2015, responded by reining in expenses to keep them more in line with revenue growth. A few months later, Page announced the plan to draw a dividing line between Google and the far-flung forays Alphabet now refers to as “Other Bets.” The mishmash includes smart-thermostat maker Nest; the Fiber project, a high-speed internet service; and X lab, where the company is building robotic cars and designing the stratospheric balloons designed to beam internet service to remote areas. Other “Other Bets” include the biotech firm Verily and medical-research firm Calico, which has been studying ways to stop aging. Alphabet also runs funds investing in startups and mid-sized companies. Page argued that fencing off Other Bets would make Google “even better through greater focus.” CORE SUCCESSES That part of Page’s vision appears to be panning out. After subtracting ad commissions, Alphabet’s second-quarter revenue jumped 22 percent from the previous year to $17.5 billion. It was the best performance in four years, adjusted for changes in currency exchange rates, says RBC analyst Mark Mahaney. Alphabet shares rose 25 percent over the past year, easily outpacing major market indexes. “Folks will be hard pressed to say that Alphabet hasn’t been a success,” S&P Global Market Intelligence analyst Scott Kessler says. Alphabet Inc. declined to comment on its first-year performance. But Sundar Pichai, who became Google’s CEO in the restructuring, told investors in July, “There is an amazing energy right now.” Among other things, Google has been making strides in the still-nascent field of artificial intelligence, hoping to create more convenient services that attract even more eyeballs for its advertisers. STALLED BETS But the demand for financial discipline and accountability appears to have taken a toll on Other Bets, which lose billions of dollars a year. Key leaders have defected from Alphabet’s high-profile self-driving car project and its Nest line of internet-connected devices. Alphabet also has scaled back plans to expand its Fiber service to dozens of U.S. cities. Creating a holding company also was supposed to make it easier to diversify through major acquisitions. But Alphabet’s biggest deal so far has been the $625 million purchase of a business software maker, Apigee Corp., which had annual revenue of just $92 million. Alphabet could make a much bigger splash if buys Twitter, as recent reports say it is considering. Twitter would give Alphabet a popular publishing outlet to monitor trends, mine data and sell even more ads. Alphabet declined to discuss whether it’s mulling a bid, which would be expensive; Twitter might fetch between $20 and $30 billion, despite its problems with user growth and online harassment. LOOKING BEYOND Google is doing so well that investors aren’t fixating on the losses with Other Bets, Kessler says. Only three Bets — Nest, Fiber and Verily — are generating even a smidgen of revenue. In nine months, the Other Bets companies have lost a combined $2.6 billion on revenue of $410 million. Another big loss is expected in the July-September quarter; the company reports results on Oct. 27. BGC analyst Colin Gillis still sees the gamble as prudent and expects at least one of the projects will come up with a breakthrough that lessens Alphabet’s dependence on Google. Optimism is fine as Google keeps growing at a robust rate. But Wall Street will likely ratchet up the pressure if the company falters and nothing emerges from Other Bets to help pick up the slack. ——— This story has been corrected to change spelling of first reference to a biotech firm to Verily instead of Verify.     Tags: alphabet, google, other, alphabet, revenue, which, Other stories from today: Stocks reverse recent losses as banks jump California opens pathway for cars that lack steering wheel SpaceX’s Elon Musk turns to science fiction for Mars ship     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Now that commercial crab season is open, do you plan to buy some? Yes, looking forward to it Already in line Soon Still worried about domoic acid Pass                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County help wanted  

Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Opposition wants PM Modi to reply, Govt hopes to buy time for cash crunch to ease Demonetisation: Kerala estate workers go without pay, owners warn of food crisis Let farmers buy seeds with old notes, says Agriculture Minister; Finance says no Demonetisation: Sharp surge in demand for card-swipe machines Roll back or face unrest: Arvind Kejriwal, Mamata Banerjee to Govt Marrakech Climate Change Conference: Global warming a matter of urgent priority Home World world news California lawmakers open pathway for self-driving cars California lawmakers open pathway for self-driving cars The new draft regulations released Friday include several other new provisions. Among them is wording that would prohibit advertising vehicles with lower levels of automation. By: AP | California | Published:October 1, 2016 5:40 pm Google employs a few dozen “safety drivers” that grab the steering wheel or hit the brakes on a fleet of robot cars that Google’s engineers are programming to navigate the roads without human assistance. (Source: AP Photo/File) California regulators have changed course and opened a pathway for the public to get self-driving cars of the future that lack a steering wheel or pedals. It’s not going to happen immediately — automakers and tech companies are still testing prototypes. But, in a shift, the state’s Department of Motor Vehicles said in a revision of draft regulations released late Friday that the most advanced self-driving cars would no longer be required to have a licensed driver if federal officials deem them safe enough. The redrafted regulations will be the subject of a public hearing Oct. 19 in Sacramento. The DMV has been wrestling for several years with how to oversee the emerging technology. In December, the agency released an initial draft of self-driving car regulations that required a licensed driver in any self-driving vehicle. The industry reacted with great disappointment, as the ultimate vision of many companies is a car that has no wheel or pedals. That approach is based on the argument that humans are not very good at driving, and anyway cannot be relied on as a backup to a car that typically drives itself but might fail in a way that required a person in the driver’s seat who might be distracted or even asleep to snap to attention. Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened The DMV’s new document coincides with the release last week of a 112-page federal proposal under which any self-driving car should pass a 15-point safety assessment before the public can get ahold of it. Among other things, the safety assessment asks automakers to document how the car detects and avoids objects and pedestrians, how hardened it is against cyberattacks and what how its backup systems will cope should the software fail. In incorporating the federal approach, California dropped a proposal that a third-party company certify the safety of self-driving cars. The new draft regulations released Friday include several other new provisions. Among them is wording that would prohibit advertising vehicles with lower levels of automation _ such as Tesla Motors’ Autopilot, which on divided highways can keep a car’s lane, brake and accelerate on the understanding that a person is paying attention all the time _ from being advertised as “autonomous” or “self-driving.” The company that stands to gain the most from the state’s embrace of cars without a wheel or pedals is Alphabet, where the Google self-driving car project envisions cars that allow no human control other than a start and emergency stop button. A spokesman for the Google self-driving car project did not have a comment Friday on the changes to the proposed regulations. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Publication of daily papers halted in Imphal German teen accused of copy editing Islamic State propaganda Sen. Jeff Sessions, Rep. Mike Pompeo picked by Donald Trump for top jobs Arvind Kejriwal to address 21 rallies in Punjab Haryana to re-engage retired teachers in schools                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Google Work Apps Gain New Powers, But Microsoft Still Rules subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 10.01.16. 10.01.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Google Work Apps Gain New Powers, But Microsoft Still Rules Getty Images This week, Google retooled Google Apps for Work, signaling the company’s ever-deepening interest in the enterprise market. It makes sense: the opportunities for growth are enormous, as is the competition. Apple continues to leverage its partnership with IBM to muscle its way in. Facebook will reportedly soon launch its business-focused Facebook at Work. And Microsoft still reigns, thanks to its entrenched Office apps. To increase its enterprise stake, Google’s leveraging one of its key strengths: “G Suite,” as Apps for Work are now called, is infused with a bushel of new machine-intelligence perks. A feature called Quick Access in Google Drive on Android, for instance, uses interactions with your colleagues and your calendar to surface the files most relevant to you at any given time. Google Calendar now optimizes your meeting times based on when invitees are free, plus when you’ve historically preferred to have them. And in Google Sheets, you can interrogate the data in the Explore feature by typing anything in natural language into a simple search bar. But wait, you might ask: hasn’t Google long dabbled in this sort of advanced data-crunching, including in Google Apps? The short answer is yes. Machine learning has blocked spam in Gmail, suggested short, human-sounding responses to incoming emails in Inbox, and enabled voice typing in Google Docs. Artificial intelligence in general has a long and storied history at Google. You can see it in products that instantly translate languages on the fly to a system that beat the human champion in the ancient game of Go. Google isn’t quite doing anything radical here, says Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. “There’s not a huge overhaul [with G Suite],” he says. “Nothing changes overnight with a rebranding.” Even more crucially, the improvements Google has made still don’t measure up to Microsoft. Microsoft, King of Enterprise Yes, Microsoft still dominates enterprise apps. Even though your personal life may revolve around Google, it shouldn’t take long to think of when you last had to upload a file to a website with a *.doc or *.xls format. In a lot of ways, Microsoft Office seems ineradicable from our digital culture—even as other buzzy startups and services like Slack or Box or Trello are gaining traction. That’s not just anecdotal. According to Microsoft, one in seven people—or 1.2 billion in total—use Office today. And its strength is in more than just numbers. It’s also still far more feature-packed. “[Google’s G Suite] is still much smaller than Microsoft Office, and the Microsoft Office suite is still far more capable overall,” Dawson says. “If you need more advanced functionality, it’s quite likely that the G Suite won’t do the trick for you.” Dawson points out that while coworkers might start off using Google Docs to collaborate on writing, say, a press release, it’s Microsoft that still has the advanced templates and formatting functionalities required when it comes time to actually send it out. Related Stories Apple Proves Again That It’s Turning Into a Modern-Day IBM Now Google AI Can Help You Plan a Vacation Office 2016 Is Microsoft’s Best Hope to Show It’s Changed Of course, Google’s not without its own footholds. More than one billion users access Gmail monthly. It’s convenient for them to use the suite of apps Google has already attached to their email address, says Vanessa Thompson, research director for enterprise social networks at market industry firm IDC. Plus, as Dawson points out, increasingly popular Chromebooks have these apps built into the machines. Last year, Google Chromebooks accounted for more than half of all devices sold into US classrooms. Three years before, their share was less than 1 percent. That’s a whole lot of youngsters growing up as users of G suite, who may want to continue using the apps when they finally reach working age. Still, Google’s a long way from challenging Microsoft’s dominance, however many fancy new features or adolescent fans it acquires For one, as Thompson says, Google hasn’t found the same strategic partnerships with the likes of IBM, Salesforce, Oracle, and Adobe that other traditionally consumer-focused tech companies have. “Getting your work done in the context of where you need to be is very important,” she says. Meanwhile, integrations like Microsoft Office and Salesforce’s CRM (customer relationship management) software, means users don’t have to fret about switching back and forth between apps. Not to mention, Microsoft infuses its products with machine learning too. Its new Tell Me feature, released in the latest version of Office, is a text field that allows for natural language searching, while its email app learns your habits and figures out which email matters to you the most. Microsoft even recently added online document collaboration. Innovation runs both directions. Ultimately, Dawson says, machine intelligence doesn’t matter as much to users as practical benefits. “Yes, there’s a lot of talk about AI,” he says. “But where the rubber hits the road is: do these features actually help people in daily life?” It’s neat if Google can predict what document you’d most likely want to work on now. But sometimes, knowing your way around mail merge matters more. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. enterprise g suite google Google Apps Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 1 day A Lot of Actors Suck at Accents. Not Idris Elba! Movies A Lot of Actors Suck at Accents. Not Idris Elba! 24 hours This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 1 day Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 1 day Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 3 hours Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI Chips Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI 2 hours NES Classic Is a Hit. So Where Does Nintendo Go From Here? Gaming NES Classic Is a Hit. So Where Does Nintendo Go From Here? 1 day Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Chips Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI 2 hours WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 3 hours Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 2 days Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 11.15.16 autonomous vehicles So, Nobody Knows How Much Self-Driving Cars Will Pollute 39 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Games Games Accessories Handheld Mobile Games Nintendo PC Gaming More PlayStation Toys VR Xbox Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / VR News / Google's Tilt Brush VR paint game to get multiplayer Google's Tilt Brush VR paint game to get multiplayer by Joe Roberts 01 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Virtual reality is here, and although it's yet to truly hit the mainstream, progress is constantly being made. This week HTC announced its new Viveport VR app store for non-gaming focused virtual experiences, and now we've learned of another small but exciting development. Google's Tilt Brush paint game, available on Steam for the HTC Vive, allows users to create large-scale 3D paintings in an open space, and now it's getting multiplayer. The game has spawned several art exhibits, and has been consistently improved since launching in 2014, but multiplayer has always been conspicuously lacking. Related: Best VR headset Google made the announcement that the feature is in the works in a blog post, which details how the new mode will allow users to "share ideas, draw and create with others — in the same place in real time." In practice, each player will be represented by a floating headset icon, which should keep the focus on the painting rather than the people. You will have the ability to decorate each other's headsets, so we can't imagine players won't spend inordinate amounts of time drawing moustaches on each other, and perhaps some less flattering items. And there's some further features coming to Google's creative VR platform, such as the ability to make crude animations by adding items to a wheel and spinning it. There's also a new portal brush, which will allow you to see the real world around you using the Vive's camera. Google has only announced these features, including multiplayer, are in the works and hasn't said exactly when they will arrive. But stay tuned for more in the near future. WATCH: Trusted Explains – Virtual Reality Let us know if you're excited for multiplayer in Tilt Brush in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Bugblatter October 1, 2016, 5:17 pm This is one of the most popular things I've used on my Vive, everybody who's tried it has loved it. Multiplayer sounds like a great addition. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Trending: Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools 12 steps to lower your espionage risk More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Robotics Opinion Why the future of package delivery is better than drones A drone alone can't make 'last-mile' home delivery scale. But robots can. Here's how. By Mike Elgan | Follow Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | Oct 1, 2016 4:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Instead of trucks on the road or drones in the sky, the Starship Technologies delivery robot boosts safety and efficiency by sticking to the sidewalks. Credit: Starship Technologies More like this Mercedes-Benz to make drone-equipped electric delivery vans for online orders Autonomous delivery bots will soon stroll D.C. streets 6 reasons why enterprise drones are on course Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Remember WebVan? The grocery delivery startup was considered "high-tech" because you could order groceries on a website and have them delivered. A darling of the late '90s dot-com boom, WebVan ultimately failed, becoming a poster child for the dot-com bust (the company went bankrupt in 2001) and a cautionary tale about the perils of so-called "last-mile" delivery -- the link in the supply chain that brings products to consumers. Delivery is expensive and inefficient. Unlike most parts of the supply chain, the last mile doesn't scale, especially when a human employee drives a big car to bring one product to one consumer. The "last mile" is ripe for disruption. But how? Companies like Google and Amazon are trying. Google Express picks up goods at stores and delivers them to homes using route-optimization algorithms. Google Express competes against Amazon's AmazonFresh grocery delivery service, which costs a whopping $299 per year -- and that's from a company famous for free delivery of regular packages. (AmazonFresh is for groceries and should not be confused with recent reports that Amazon is working on its own shipping service for nongrocery packages to compete with FedEx and UPS.) Peapod, Fresh Direct, Whole Foods and others are also trying to make grocery delivery work. But none of these companies has really solved the last-mile delivery problem. It's still too slow and expensive. So what's the solution? Drones, right? When Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos revealed his company's drone initiative on 60 minutes in 2013, the world was incredulous. Since then, Google and other tech companies, along with Wal-Mart and other retailers as well as numerous delivery companies like UPS, have unveiled drone-delivery experiments, plans and trials. So the public can be forgiven for believing that the future of last-mile delivery is all about drones. But drones don't scale: They can't fly that far, can't carry that much and need to have their batteries recharged frequently. While drones are great for bringing high-value items (like medicine) to remote places, they're not great for everyday deliveries. The good news is that last-mile delivery can, in fact, scale. Several companies are already testing and showcasing technologies that could make that happen. The rolling drone-base idea Auto giant Mercedes-Benz recently rolled out a delivery concept that combines truck and drone delivery with robotic in-truck warehousing. Mercedes' so-called Vision Van, which was created in partnership with a drone startup called Matternet, is an all-electric warehouse on wheels. Two internal racks, which are loaded with packages in the warehouse, are placed in the van. A robotic system grabs the right package based on the next delivery and hands it to the driver through a window while he's still in the driver's seat. Alternatively, the robot system can push the package through a window in the ceiling and into the "arms" of one of two rooftop drones, which then delivers the package to the customer's backyard. This enables faster delivery to homes that are far from the road, and makes it possible for two or three packages to be delivered at once (one by the driver and two by the drones). Another use for the drone port is to deliver a package to the driver that was ordered for same-day delivery after the driver left the warehouse. The robotic in-van warehousing system increases efficiency and cuts down on errors, theoretically. The launching of the drones from vans, rather than from the warehouse, cuts way down on the battery problem. Taken further, you could imagine the rolling drone-base idea leading to large trucks rolling into neighborhoods and then dispatching a fleet of drones, delivery bots and humans to deliver many packages at once. The self-driving ice chest idea An Estonian company called Starship Technologies makes a robot that looks like an ice chest on wheels for delivering packages and food autonomously or semi-autonomously. Starship co-founder Ahti Heinla, who was one of the original creators of Skype, told me that his delivery robot is inherently safe because it's light and slow (4 mph) and has software that causes it to get out of the way and stop when pedestrians are close. It's also safe because the robot is supervised remotely by humans, who can take over if the robot can't manage. In 8,000 miles of testing, the robots have "encountered" more than 1 million pedestrians and haven’t injured anyone, according to Heinla. Related: Robotics Emerging Technology Computer Hardware Retail IT 1 2 Page 1 Next 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Go Top Stories Research chip modeled after the brain aims to bring smarts to computers The dream of creating intelligent computers has inspired the development of exotic chips based on the... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Last chance to take our IT Salary Survey! Computerworld's 2017 IT Salary Survey is closing soon; take it now and enter to win one of three $500... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Google Pixel XL 3D renders confirm design and dimensions ahead of launch Google Pixel XL 3D renders confirm design and dimensions ahead of launch Google Pixel and Pixel XL's leaked renders confirm 7.3 mm thick unibody design with a dual tone metal and glass design By: Tech Desk | Updated: October 3, 2016 8:04 pm Google is all set to announce Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, the successors to Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P at the big stage (Source: OnLeaks/Twitter) Now that Apple iPhone 7 is turning almost a month old device, it sets stage for Google to show off its own hardware. Google has already confirmed its ‘Made by Google’ event for October 4 and it is certainly going to be an hardware feast. Google is all set to announce Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, the successors to Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P at the big stage. Earlier rumours and leaked images hinted at the design of Pixel range and now we have our best look yet at what Google’s hardware might look like. Steve Hemmerstoffer, who goes by the name of Onleaks on Twitter, has leaked renders of Pixel XL smartphone revealing the dimensions and design language. WATCH VIDEO: Google Pixel Leaks: Here’s What Is Out So Far  The 360 degree renders revealed by OnLeaks leave nothing for us to imagine. The images tweeted by OnLeaks confirm the previously rumoured dual tone design. According to Android Authority, Google Pixel will measure 143.85 mm x 65.9 mm x 7.3 mm in terms of dimensions while the large Pixel XL is reported to have dimensions – 154.7 mm x 75.7 mm x 7.3 mm. The report claims both the smartphones will measure 7.3 mm at their thinnest point thick and 8.5 mm at their thickest point. Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened Google Pixel is reported to feature a 5-inch display while Pixel XL gets a larger 5.5-inch display. Both Pixel and Pixel XL will be powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 821 processor coupled with 4GB RAM and at least 32GB storage. Google Pixel and Pixel XL will run Android 7.1 Nougat with new feature enhancements. Also Read: Google Pixel and Pixel XL launch on October 4: End of Nexus, Pixel launcher and more The design shows a rear fingerprint scanner like last year’s Nexus lineup and a combination of metal and glass rear panel. The smartphone is rumoured to feature IPX3 certification, meaning they will be just safe from drop in water but not completely water resistant. Google Pixel is likely to feature a 2,770mAh battery while Pixel XL will get a bigger 3,450mAh battery. Google is also likely to introduce new Pixel launcher, with emphasis on faster access and tweaked out icons. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Publication of daily papers halted in Imphal German teen accused of copy editing Islamic State propaganda Sen. Jeff Sessions, Rep. Mike Pompeo picked by Donald Trump for top jobs Arvind Kejriwal to address 21 rallies in Punjab Haryana to re-engage retired teachers in schools                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Zulo.ca Opens New Toronto Office   View as PDF  Print View    Zulo.ca is now offering SEO services to the city of Toronto. The company, already located in the neighboring cities of Oakville and Mississauga, has now opened a new Toronto office. Toronto ON - September 29, 2016 /MarketersMedia/ -- Zulo.ca is pleased to announce the opening of a new office in the city of Toronto. The firm's expansion is attributed to the results it has been providing to their clients. Businesses today recognize the need to have a visible presence on the online, even if they do not sell online. Much of the searching for products, services and information today is done by using Google and other search engines. Dominating Google brings more customers to a business and Zulo.ca has a proven track record of helping their clients increase their online presence. The Google domination strategy is to cover the entire first page of results. This approach is most likely to increase the market presence and bring in more targeted customers. Zulo helps customers reach the most profitable bottom line. An SEO company that pays for itself in measurable ways is the best approach for each client served. Daily, weekly and monthly reports are a way of documenting the value which Zulo brings to each client. The firm begins a project for each client with a full measure of research. The competitors of the client, the techniques which they use and an analysis of the source of the competitors' internet leads are studied in order to develop a plan that is customized and effective. Each client receives a thorough plan based on measurable results, return on investment and exposure of the brand. The full-range plans incorporate cutting-edge techniques that most SEO agencies are not aware of. The next step is to execute the plan. The company has a team of professionals who ensure that each customer's plan is fully executed. The execution is not a one-time-only action, but an ongoing process to keep clients at the top of the search engine rankings. Regular, on-going maintenance is performed to change techniques as required. For more information, please visit http://zulo.ca/toronto/seo/ Contact Info: Name: Adam Zulo Organization: Zulo.ca Address: 75 Saint Nicholas St., Toronto ON Phone: 1 (866) 985-6736 Source: http://zulo.ca/ Release ID: 135225 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Dmitry Druzhinsky - On Expanding Recreational Infrastructure of Brooklyn (Fri 18th Nov 16) New Garden Sculpture for Sculpture Lovers And Designers from Adam Christopher (Fri 18th Nov 16) Wireless Power Receiver Market Global Key Vendors, Manufacturers, Suppliers and Analysis Market Report 2022 (Fri 18th Nov 16) New Media Crisis Training Course Launched 17 November 2016 (Fri 18th Nov 16) Business Intelligence and Analytics Software Market 2016 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Fri 18th Nov 16) Advanced Energy Storage System Market 2016 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Fri 18th Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Internet Google Maps for Android updated with OK Google support: Full list of voice commands OK Google can be used to do a variety of things, apart from navigation. Rahul R   October 1, 2016 16:19 IST Google Maps for Android updated with 'OK Google' support: Full list of important voice commandsGoogle Google Maps for your Android device have now been updated to feature OK Google along with a host of other commands. This feature was demanded for a long time by a majority of Google Android's vast user base. Now, with the addition of this functionality, Android users have lots to cheer about as far as navigation is concerned. With the latest update, you can make Google Now take notice of your queries by just saying ''OK Google''. You can try out voice commands such as "Ok Google, find fuel stations" and ''OK Google, what is the traffic like'' to get real time updates with regard to current conditions. You can tap the circle to cancel an ongoing command. If, for some reason, you want to use a non-hands-free alternative to saying "Ok Google", tap the microphone and simply say "Find nearest fuel stations." Why advertise with us? Related Google's October 4 event now potentially set to witness Pixel convertible tablets running Andromeda out of the box Google's bonanza for smartphone users stuck on 2G networks: Customised Google Play Store, Wait for Wi-Fi and more To leverage the functionality, navigate to Settings and OK Google. Then select 'While Driving' option that allows you to say ''OK Google'' during navigation while using Google Maps. You can also choose to activate ''Always on'' to be able to use OK Google from anywhere within your Android smartphone. The latest enhancement also lets you use OK Google to monitor current traffic conditions; just say "Show traffic" and you will be presented with the latest traffic condition. You can also choose to avoid toll roads; for this, just say "OK Google, Avoid toll." "If you want to add a little fun to your drive, you can say "Play some jazz", "Send a text", or maybe even "Call mom"," state folks at Google. Check out some important commands, below, which you can use to test OK Google to the maximum: Directions and travel "Mute." or "Mute voice guidance." "Unmute." or "Unmute voice guidance." "Show traffic." or "Hide traffic." "Show satellite." or "Hide satellite." "Navigate home." or "Navigate to Starbucks." "Show route overview." or "Show alternate routes." "What road is this?" "What's my next turn?" "What's my ETA?" "How's traffic ahead?" or "How's traffic to home?" "Avoid tolls." or "Enable tolls." "Avoid highways." or "Enable highways." "Avoid ferries." or "Enable ferries." "Exit navigation." Generalised "Call Mom." "Find gas stations." or "Find restaurants." "Send a text to Larry." or "Send an SMS to Sergey, I'm feeling lucky." "What's the weather like?" or "How's the weather in Seattle?" "Play some jazz." or "Play happy birthday on Google Play Music." "What's the closest hotel?" "When's my next meeting?". Quick Links Android Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy S7: Galaxy Note 7, Note 5, Galaxy S6 may follow 24 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Can Moto Z Play beat Xiaomi Mi 5 and Google Nexus 5X in Indian market? 38 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big Billion Day: You might lose huge money if you don't follow these tips Simple ways to beat impulse buying. There might be other websites offering products at better prices or better deals. Reliance Jio unlimited 4G data, free calls violates TRAI rules; probe ordered TRAI says that the concerns raised by telecom majors would be examined after looking into Jio's tariffs. Flipkart Big Billion Days sale (2016): Top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart is also giving away gift vouchers and additional cash discounts via exchange deal on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other phones. Moto Z, Z Play to debut in India on October 4 In addition to the Moto Z and the Z Play, the company is also expected to launch photography-centric Moto Mod accessory Hasselblad True Zoom on Tuesday. Samsung Galaxy On8 released in India via Flipkart As part of Flipkart's Big Billion Days sale, prospective buyers of Samsung Galaxy On8 stand a chance to get additional cash discounts. Amazon Prime best offers: iPhone 6s available at Rs. 29,999, iPhone 5s at Rs. 17,999; when and how to buy Amazon Prime members can avail several other benefits such as priority delivery and early access to lightning deals. List of Samsung smartphones expected in Q4 2016 Samsung will release a few devices like Galaxy A5 (2017), Galaxy A7 (2017), and Galaxy C5 Pro before the end of the year. Moto Z series India launch live stream: How to watch the Motorola event on smartphone and PCs Moto Z India launch event is scheduled to kick-off at 12 pm in New Delhi. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple MTV made music videos cool. Technology will make them epic Keith Nelson Jr. Digital TrendsOctober 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Video never really killed the radio star, but it seemed like things might be heading that way when Micheal Jackson joined a zombie flash dance for the 13-minute epic that was the Thriller music video. Its 1983 debut made millions of music fans realize music videos could be an event —  mini-movies that brought artists into your living room; no concert ticket or an album purchase required. Music videos had become the currency of cool when a television network dedicated entirely to showing music videos, MTV, debuted in 1981 and managed to amass 22 million viewers while inspiring dozens of imitators. In the 1990s, music videos became so ubiquitous in popular culture that record labels shelled out over $1 million dollars on music video production no less than 22 times. Times have changed, though. Once-popular music video countdown shows, which provided millions of people curated music video lists daily, have all but gone extinct. Only 17 music videos over the past 16 years got the $1 million budget treatment, which pales in comparison to the 1990s playground which saw rappers transmogrifying from liquid and the Jackson family exploring space. “MTV, play more damn videos,” Justin Timberlake famously quipped as he accepted his award for Best Male Artist acceptance speech at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards. “We don’t want to see The Simpsons on reality television.”  Indeed, the music video is no longer en vogue, but it’s not dead either, just changing shape. Social media, interactivity and even virtual reality are all being used to revive and reinvigorate the art form. Turning 90 degrees toward the future In late June, Drake’s 23-year-old R&B crooner PartyNextDoor wanted to do something cool with the release of his music video for his song Come and See Me, featuring Kylie Jenner. Instead of turning to MTV, YouTube or even Facebook, he turned to Snapchat.  Come and See Me premiered in Snapchat’s Discovery tab, a coveted space usually reserved for media partners such as ESPN and Vice. Tyler Henry, PartyNextDoor’s 23-year-old manager, dreamed up the plan after watching Snapchat’s dramatic rise. “I remember Instagram taking time. I remember everything taking its time to become a phenomenon, but Snapchat just immediately grew,” Henry told Digital Trends. “I was always thinking in the back of my head ‘Wow, I imagine a next big step for them is to figure out how to get into music. Whether it’s premiering stuff or putting out songs or ads.'” He approached a few University of South Carolina college friends, who now work on Snapchat’s partnership team, about premiering a music video on Snapchat. They agreed, but wanted the music video to fit the medium. In the realm of smartphones, vertical is king. Receive a text, take a selfie, dial a number, or even search for Pokemon and you are more than likely doing all of this, instinctively, with your camera in the vertical position. As a result of this habit, vertical video — portrait mode — is becoming the default way video is consumed on mobile. Social media powerhouses Snapchat and Instagram won’t even let users flip the video to landscape mode. “Snapchat wanted us to shoot the video vertically as well as shooting our own version of the video, horizontally,” Come and See Me director Adrian Martinez told Digital Trends. “They even gave us a pre-made vertical cam rig that you turn the camera on its side and be able to shoot it that way.” That presented a problem that could not be easily dressed up with Snapchat filters. Logistically, shooting every scene twice would have added an extra day to the two day shoot. They decided to shoot the video once, and edit a vertical version for Snapchat. Normally, when editing widescreen video to fit a smaller screen, the video is put in between two thick black lines known as “letterboxes.” Martinez shot PartyNextDoor’s Come and See Me video with an ARRI Alexa camera using anamorphic lenses, which gives videos the super widescreen look and blurs out the background. “I had to expand the video to like 370 percent,” Martinez said. “I was kind of scared I was going to lose resolution, mess up the footage, and get it all pixelated.” He worked until the very last moment making sure it looked right. “That video released on Snapchat 7 a.m. on Thursday, and we were up until 4 a.m. on the phone with [Snapchat] still making sure that everything was right.” Read More Being able to edit a music video hours before its worldwide premier is one luxury MTV never afforded. Analytics are another. After the debut, Party and his team were able to see the number of times the video story was clicked on, played, and who fully watched the video, similar to other video hosting sites. Henry did not divulge specific viewership stats, but says both Party’s team and Snapchat were pleased with the results, noting Snapchat told him “It was very, very successful for them.” Facebook struck back with its own unique first: French DJ and producer Klingande used Facebook to live stream the music video for Somewhere New. The video features two people traveling through a multitude of scenes, but it’s all shot in one take. While the filming only lasted the 3.5-minute duration of the song, the crew planned “for months to get the right lighting, dancing, the right queues, projection, balloons, etc,” according to producer Marcus Lindgren. A few thousand people watched live, but it has since amassed more than 175,000 views on Facebook at the time of publication. Now Vevo, the online video platform dedicated to music videos and mostly owned by Sony and Universal, has joined the game with a new music video player for smartphones which presents every video in portrait mode. With Vevo boasting more than 200 million daily active users on mobile, portrait mode will become the default manner in which we consume music videos. The next generation of music video consumers are spending more time on social media than sleeping, and nearly half of all of the time Americans spend consuming digital video occurs on mobile devices. With more than two billion people in the world on social media — roughly 650 million on Snapchat and Instagram, daily — the music video will never look the same again. Interactive Around the same time Justin Timberlake was pleading to MTV for more ‘M’ and less ‘TV’, Vincent Morisset was ready to film in the future. “It was at this specific moment in time where MTV was slowly dying, it was just reality TV and no music videos,” Morisset told Digital Trends. “YouTube was starting to be the place where kids were watching music videos but the quality wasn’t great.” So, when indie rock upstart Arcade Fire asked him to direct a music video for the group’s 2007 seminal album Neon Bible, he decided to make waves instead of drifting in the tide. “I told the band: Imagine you’re watching the news or a film and the actor or the person telling the news is turning to you on your couch,” Morisset said. “Something that feels like a video but that is reacting to what you’re doing.” He was imagining the an interactive music video, and the video for Neon Bible’s title track would be the world’s first. “I approached the project as some kind of homage to [George] Melies,” referring to the 20th century pioneer of such visual effects as time-lapse photography. “I don’t know if ‘music video’ is still a relevant way to describe it.” Once the website loads you are met with “Neon Bible” in large letters, flickering light against a dark backdrop, as the song almost immediately plays. You can tap on the letters to make their light flicker. The letters then vanish and you are met with the face of Arcade Fire front man Win Butler and hands below him ready to be manipulated. You could place the cursor over Win’s face and it would disappear into the black, leaving just his lips and a trail of lyrics forming from smoke as the lyrics are sung. You can click on his hands, individually, and at certain points in the video they’ll reveal cards. At some points during the video, clicking on his hands makes them shoot out rain that fills as you keep his hands open and does not disappear when you stop, it stays there. This adds a sense of permanence to your actions; creating the illusion that you, and not the pre-recorded motions, control the experience you are watching. The end result may have been visually innovative, but was created with relatively inexpensive means. Morisset filmed Butler singing the song in front of a black sheet and another actor performing a series of simple hand motions that Morisset could later “assemble like a Lego set.” With hundreds of actions recorded, the true innovation came in the way Morisset assembled enough actions to satiate both the engaged viewer who will click everything at a rapid pace to get the full experience, and the more passive viewer who will only click when something sparks their interest. Just five years before Neon Bible, both of those viewers would be confined to watching the same music video the same way. For Morisset, Neon Bible was more than a new technique for film-making, it “established some kind of a grammar of non-linear editing.” In the first six years following Neon Bible, Morisset went on to make seven more interactive films including two more music videos for Arcade Fire. Sprawl II, released in 2011, let viewers control the movements of the actors in the video by moving around in front of their computer’s webcam or clicking on the screen. The 2013 interactive video for Reflektor took the technique a step further by allowing viewers to move a cell phone in front of their computer’s webcam and adjust the effects used in the video. In 2009, Google began Chrome Experiments, an initiative to demonstrate the visual capabilities of Javascript and the Google Chrome browser. Arcade Fire were the first to create an interactive music video for their song We Used To Wait, a collaboration between Google Creative Lab and Within founder Chris Milk. Twenty-two more interactive music videos were created through Chrome Experiments in the last six years alone. In March 2015, YouTube began hosting videos shot in 360 degrees. Later that year, Facebook began supporting 360-degree video embeds. That same week, Dutch artist Noa Neal’s released Graffiti, the first 360-degree music video on YouTube, and has since racked up more than 1.3 million views. Interactive music videos feel like you are watching a music video you are customizing for yourself, in real time. With YouTube and Facebook giving creatives a platform to expose interactive videos to millions, the physical past of music may soon find harmony with its digital present and future. “Music needs it’s own world,” Morisset said. “Since we lost the booklet/artwork, the web and whatever platform took that place in that relationship between narrative visuals in music.” Virtual reality A rapper standing still in front of a black background reciting lyrics is not visually engaging. Watching El-P from rap group Run the Jewels do the same thing in virtual reality, as if he were in the room with you, recounting selling cocaine to a pregnant woman, is enough to bring some viewers to tears. That is a sliver of what thousands experienced when they slipped on a Google Cardboard and clicked on the Crown VR music video filmed in virtual reality by VR studio Wevr. Interactive and virtual reality music videos go hand in hand in some respects. Like the technically simplistic yet visually complex Neon Bible interactive video, the video shoot for Crown was relatively quick, lasting roughly five hours.  The director, Peter Martin, was foreign to making virtual reality music videos before Crown, just as Morissett was before he started a new genre of music videos with Neon Bible. But, when dark clouds begin forming in pitch black sky around you as the menacing, marching drums of Crown trample upon your eardrums, you can feel the difference between VR music videos and 2D interactive ones. “We thought the visual art form of music was becoming dead and tired in the current form,” Wevr founder Anthony Batt told Digital Trends. “What VR gave you was that presence and that closeness you could never have when you’re watching on TV or YouTube.” According to Batt, it was a RED camera with a special lens that Martin used to help Run the Jewels achieve their goal of making you “feel like you’re standing in a black void.” “I think in terms of story telling the project opens up a whole new genre,” Martin explained in a Wevr’s blog post regarding Crown. “This idea that you can have multiple stories going on, multiple angles of the same narrative, all running in parallel.” In the embryonic stages of VR music videos, Wevr is developing into one of the premiere production studios. Directors have spun out from this company to work on virtual-reality music videos, including Tyler Hurd, who turned a seven-year old Future Island song — Old Friend — into a three-minute psychedelic animated music video for the HTC Vive. In the Old Friend experience, you are surrounded by colorful creatures dancing around as you use the Vive’s controllers to manipulate a pair of rubber hands and use your actions in real life to dance to the synth-heavy song in VR. The experience was featured at this year’s Tribeca Film Festival and has started an industry-wide conversation on VR spurring a music video renaissance. Batt said Wevr have been in contact with a number of music artists about potential collaborations, including Danger Mouse and Reggie Watts. Watts and Wevr’s collaboration, a 12-minute comedy and sci-fi journey called Waves, was a 2016 Sundance Film Institute selection. The next collaboration, Particles, recently went into production. Paying to play VR has the highest potential for immersion, and the steepest entry hurdle. The five major virtual reality headsets — Oculus Rift, Samsung Gear VR, Google Cardboard, HTC Vive, and PlayStation VR — all have different costs, technical abilities and requirements. The Vive and Rift deliver the clearest images with a 1080p resolution per eye compared to Google Cardboard, but both need expensive computers and room space to use them. As a result, directors, such as Hurd, who invest a considerable amount of time creating these virtual worlds, are deciding to put their work on the platform that displays it the best, regardless of access. “People are like, ‘Oh yeah, I’ve seen VR, I tried a Cardboard,’ and it’s like — no, no you have not,” Hurd told The Verge. “I don’t want people to see the mobile version of this and think that they’ve experienced it completely.” You think paying for two music streaming subscriptions to listen to Beyoncé and Frank Ocean is bad? Imagine having to buy thousands of dollars in equipment just to make sure you catch all the latest VR music videos. The hardware limitations are only compounded when you enter a music industry trying to make up for a decade of revenue lost to illegal file sharing and YouTube. Record labels fork over the money for artists to make, promote, and sell music in exchange for ownership of the rights to the artist’s music, so they’re cagey about opening the checkbook when the return on investment is questionable. Music videos were, and still are, promotional tools for record labels to help bolster single and album sales. No one had a problem spending millions of dollars on music videos when  they were selling millions of CDs priced at $15 each. Those glory days of the record industry are now capitalistic wet dreams, so creativity comes at a premium. “Record labels have been traditionally scared and non-creative when it comes to new technologies,” Batt said. “It’s limited creative for years. They’re very risk adverse.” Alternative R&B artist The Weeknd, Bjork, and Foals all have music released VR music videos in the last year using music distributed by either Universal Music Group, Sony Music Entertainment, or Warner Music Group. But attempts at a large scale VR push by record labels have been delayed at best and abandoned at worst. In 2014, Vevo was ready to spearhead music videos entering virtual reality. Two years, and a new CEO later, the same company that left its 24/7 music video TV ambitions now believes “going headfirst into the VR game would be interesting, but distracting,” according to new CEO Erik Huggers. In 2016, Universal Music Group started partnering with iHeartMedia to produce upwards of 10 VR experiences, with one planned for every iHeartMedia event. While iHeartMedia contended the company was working on bringing at least one VR experience to the annual, two-day iHeartRadio Music Festival, nothing was announced in the weeks leading up to the event. The absence of any at April’s iHeartRadio Music Awards does not bode well for UMG and iHeartMedia’s VR ambitions. “[Virtual reality in music videos] could become a niche if the record labels don’t come around to it,” Batt said. “When YouTube moves forward, the record labels go ‘Oh my God, if I make this 360 VR video, it could work on Facebook, it can work on YouTube and the headsets.” Batt thinks “If [the record labels] were smart, they could own that music distribution for VR.” It’s not out of the question: Vevo, after all, was co-founded by two major record labels as YouTube was beginning to dominate all music video consumption and record labels were pulling videos from the site because the labels were dissatisfied with the compensation. Batt sees the most desirable future for VR as one where one company delivers the ubiquitous VR device that everyone from your kid sister to your grandmother would love to use. “It’s really about hardware for the consumer to get access to,” Batt explained. “So, we need Apple or some sort of iOS, really great virtual reality device to come to the market.” For now, Google’s VR program — Google Daydream — is working to make hundreds of millions of Android phones VR-ready over then the next three years, and iPhones are now able to shoot 360-degree video using the Google Cardboard Camera. Cameras such as the Sphericam 2, which records spherical video in crisp 4K resolution could open the door for an influx of professional grade, amateur-made music videos. The gatekeepers of mass VR adoption are loosening the locks. The price of hardware matters. The rise of YouTube coincided with the precipitous decline in digital camera prices and Apple introducing Macbooks with built-in webcams, which made creating content as easy as pressing a button. Independent artists, who previously did not have the financial means to shoot a professional music video let alone get it placed on TV, could now film a high-definition music video and have it viewed by millions, without a record label, for a fraction of what it cost just a decade ago. Don’t forget that preeminent pop star Justin Bieber was discovered as a teenager when his YouTube videos garnered millions of views. With the number of virtual reality headsets expected to increase by nearly 400 percent and nearly half of all adults using the internet either interested in, or experienced with, virtual reality, you will be able to feel like you are living in Katy Perry’s Teenage Dream, instead of just watching it. Music videos may evolve past the TV screen, but the ubiquity of the visual aesthetic in popular culture ensures their immortality. Directors such as Spike Jonze and Hiro Murai have made music videos for internationally revered artists such as Kanye West, Daft Punk, Childish Gambino, and Queens of the Stone Age. Now, Jonze is the co-president of a TV network, Viceland, featuring programming which are imbued with his hyper stylized and frenetically delivered look, exhibited in music videos like Drop by Hip Hop group Pharcyde. Murai went from directing fourth wall-bending music videos like Sweatpants by Childish Gambino to being the sole director for FX’s Atlanta, the first TV series from Gambino’s real-life persona Donald Glover. The intermixing of surrealism and daily minutia in the show paired with scenes framed by music is a trait of his music videos that have now helped Atlanta garner historic levels of attention. In the future, you may be able to control Beyoncé as she drenches you in Lemonade. In the future, you may be saying Hello right beside Adele. In the future, you may be able to see Lady Gaga make her Perfect Illusion live. In the future, the music video will be an event, MTV or not. Triller is more than a music video app — it’s now a social network too Vevo hits reboot, previews new features, teases subscription service Streaming of music outpaces video in first half of 2016 — and not by a little Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Toyota tries to shed its boring image with the 2018 C-HR subcompact crossover Digital Trends New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech United has created a new flying class that’s even worse than economy Quartz Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Self-driving cars: California opens pathway for cars that lack steering wheel Self-driving cars: California opens pathway for cars that lack steering wheel The company that stands to gain the most from the state's embrace of cars without a wheel or pedals is Alphabet By: AP | Updated: October 1, 2016 4:12 pm Google self-driving car project envisions cars that allow no human control other than a start and emergency stop button (Source: Google) California regulators have changed course and opened a pathway for the public to get self-driving cars of the future that lack a steering wheel or pedals. It’s not going to happen immediately _ automakers and tech companies are still testing prototypes. But, in a shift, the state’s Department of Motor Vehicles said in a revision of draft regulations released late Friday that the most advanced self-driving cars would no longer be required to have a licensed driver if federal officials deem them safe enough.  The redrafted regulations will be the subject of a public hearing Oct. 19 in Sacramento. The DMV has been wrestling for several years with how to oversee the emerging technology. Watch all our tech videos below In December, the agency released an initial draft of self-driving car regulations that required a licensed driver in any self-driving vehicle. The industry reacted with great disappointment, as the ultimate vision of many companies is a car that has no wheel or pedals. That approach is based on the argument that humans are not very good at driving, and anyway cannot be relied on as a backup to a car that typically drives itself but might fail in a way that required a person in the driver’s seat who might be distracted or even asleep to snap to attention. Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened The DMV’s new document coincides with the release last week of a 112-page federal proposal under which any self-driving car should pass a 15-point safety assessment before the public can get ahold of it. Among other things, the safety assessment asks automakers to document how the car detects and avoids objects and pedestrians, how hardened it is against cyberattacks and what how its backup systems will cope should the software fail. In incorporating the federal approach, California dropped a proposal that a third-party company certify the safety of self-driving cars. The new draft regulations released Friday include several other new provisions. Among them is wording that would prohibit advertising vehicles with lower levels of automation _ such as Tesla Motors’ Autopilot, which on divided highways can keep a car’s lane, brake and accelerate on the understanding that a person is paying attention all the time _ from being advertised as “autonomous” or “self-driving.” Also Read: Google to open ‘India Cloud Region’ for customers, developers The company that stands to gain the most from the state’s embrace of cars without a wheel or pedals is Alphabet, where the Google self-driving car project envisions cars that allow no human control other than a start and emergency stop button. A spokesman for the Google self-driving car project did not have a comment Friday on the changes to the proposed regulations. Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Publication of daily papers halted in Imphal German teen accused of copy editing Islamic State propaganda Sen. Jeff Sessions, Rep. Mike Pompeo picked by Donald Trump for top jobs Arvind Kejriwal to address 21 rallies in Punjab Haryana to re-engage retired teachers in schools                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise Voice Technology and the Evolution of Search SEO September 6, 2016 SEO Lisa LacySeptember 6, 2016 837SHARES 1.6KREADS 837SHARES 1.6KREADS Lisa Lacy 837SHARES 1.6KREADS Missing links are typically more the purview of paleoanthropologists or fire and brimstone preachers in the pulpit, but as voice technology becomes more prevalent, it is becoming increasingly clear that voice is a missing link in its own way – and one that will help search evolve into much more than search – as well as a means for search engines themselves to maintain relevance. That’s because as unnatural as it may have seemed to talk to our devices when Siri was introduced in 2011, voice is indeed a natural interface – particularly for younger generations – and it will maintain a connection between consumers and platforms in the ecosystems of tomorrow. How Voice has Already Changed Search – and Diminished the Power of the SERP The search landscape is already a far cry from ten blue links – and will continue to evolve as more consumers gravitate toward voice technology. That’s in part because, as Michael Bonfils, Managing Director at global digital marketing agency SEM International, noted, when consumers use voice search, it’s also typically while they are doing something else, like driving or cooking. And these users have more immediate needs, like local “near me” queries. And that, in turn, not only opens opportunities for brands to optimize for local SEO, it also means potentially less interest from consumers is going to the search engine itself. Indeed, David Lau, vice president and head of paid search and programmatic media at digital marketing agency iCrossing, pointed out the rise of apps mean app stores are arguably the new primary portals for content discovery, and we’ll see less reliance on search engines and browsers because consumers will have pre-selected curated content that they subscribe to, like Reddit, and they visit those sites directly instead of using Google. In other words, it’s not unthinkable that we could lose the search engine as a destination and someday tell our grandchildren bedtime stories about visiting Google.com. And that means Google, Bing, etc. better have a few more tricks up their sleeves. Purna Virji, senior Bing Ads client development and training manager at Microsoft, however, said she thinks this is not so much a threat to search engines themselves, but rather SERPs – and that’s because SERPs interrupt consumers. “If you are watching TV and see something and you stop and go to the SERP to find it, it’s such a disruptive task and we’ll see less and less of that,” Virji said. “It’s like, now I’m driving and I want to know, ‘How do I get there?’ and these queries will be more integrated into tasks.” Jarvis and Samantha are (Fictional) Textbook Examples Search will also evolve to include even more predictive thinking. “I would love it if search was like Jarvis [in Iron Man],” Lau said. “I can talk to this computer in a way I would talk to a person and it understands me and spits out what I need. If we can get to the level of AI that can simulate something like that…with witty banter on the side like Siri offers, [I’d be thrilled]. You know the movie Her? He’s like, ‘Oh, pull up my files’ and it’s done or [she says], ‘I see you have bill due tomorrow, so I paid it.’ It’s that predictive level of thinking that is not search-esque as we define it, but it’s where the industry is moving toward.” And This, of Course, Requires the Integration of Commerce A 2014 Google study found 45 percent of teenagers wished they could order pizza with their voices and this has since become a reality via Dominos’ Dom and Amazon Echo. “This suggests that the e-commerce potential for voice search will be significant,” said Scott Litvack, director of organic search at digital marketing agency Prime Visibility. “Any brand where there is a direct action to take, such as Dominos, or even a site like Amazon where your order preferences might be already uploaded and you just ask your phone to order more of something, will be a great opportunity for voice search.” Lau, too, pointed to shoppable media and the integration of voice and bots for a more seamless user experience in which, say, a consumer follows Kim Kardashian on a social network, sees a dress they like, asks for more information and then tells their phone to buy it. In this scenario, an e-commerce bot is able to facilitate and place an order wherever the consumer has an account set up. Conversational Interfaces Bring Everything Together In other words, voice search could propel the collapse of the funnel entirely and prompt a new trend in which consumers conduct their searches, browsing, and purchases within the same interface, said Tom Anthony, head of research and development at digital marketing agency Distilled. And this is actually already happening, as Amazon Echo allows consumers with Prime and a 1-click payment method on file to purchase physical products with Alexa, Anthony added. Or, as Virji put it in a recent Q&A, as search assistants become gateways to other apps, like a refrigerator that knows you are running out of milk and adds an alert to your calendar. We live our lives more in more in ecosystems like the one Apple has created in which it’s easy to buy everything in one place. And voice will make our lives more like this, too, she added. “I think, again, personally, conversational interfaces bring everything together…like Alexa is in my home, I can talk to it and change my [restaurant] reservation by an hour,” Virji said in the Q&A. “It will bring together multiple things and there will be really fierce competition with Amazon, Apple, and Facebook, which have lots of users in their ecosystems. Voice can keep people in an ecosystem.” And as car manufacturers start to integrate voice technology, it becomes easier to see how these burgeoning ecosystems could follow us around everywhere and facilitate our every move, making Google.com seem quite antiquated, indeed. Voice Assistants Today Might as Well be Homo Habilis In other words, next-generation interfaces that combine voice, gestures, and screens everywhere have the potential to become so much more than just assistants. “Voice is not good for feedback. But combine it with things like Magic Leap [which is developing a platform it says will enable consumers to “seamlessly combine and experience your digital and physical lives”] and [holographic computer Microsoft] HoloLens and Google’s Soli project [which Google says is a new sensing technology that uses miniature radar to detect touchless gesture interactions] and Glissando [which is trying to combine voice and gesture interfaces] and you begin to [see] a next-generation interface,” Anthony said. “This is going to be important as we’re going to have interfaces in hundreds of devices and we can’t be expected to learn [them all].” Indeed, natural language could easily be the common thread – with the added bonus that it is an interface users don’t have to learn, Anthony said. Virji agreed conversation is the platform “that sits there and pops into action when you need it to make your life easier, and it’s all about actions and intent.” She used the example of a consumer looking for a good pizzeria in London. Siri could pull up a recommendation and then ask if said consumer wants to book a table and then do so, cutting out a middleman like OpenTable. And, funny enough, in another pizza example, Chris Hart, head of US client development at SEO platform Linkdex, agreed. “Sooner or later, you’ll be able to say, ‘Hey, I want pizza,’ and [your voice assistant will say], ‘the best sausage meatball pizza is over here and this other place had a bad review,’” he said. “This is the kind of thing you’ll get to. It’s not just a result, but it’s going to give you an interaction to some degree to allow the thing to be more lifelike, conversational and results-based based on your needs.” Voice as the Means to Perform Groups of Actions But that’s really the tip of the iceberg. A little further along, it will be all about grouping actions together with AI and voice to, as Larry the Cable Guy says, Git-R-Done. So when a consumer tells Siri he or she is hungry, Siri will know the consumer tends to like pizza, but has eaten it the last few days and is likely to be more in the mood for, say, Greek food and can then ask if said consumer wants to book a table, Virji said. Travel site Kayak is another good example. “You need a ticket, so: ‘Where are you going? When do you need to go? And how much are you willing to pay?’” Virji asked. “It’s taking groupings of actions and making that happen; that is where voice is going.” And this will only accelerate as consumers demand more convenience and search engines and other platforms evolve to attempt to enhance user experience on a broader scale. And that’s in part because there’s an escalating war for consumer attention, Virji noted. “Think about it: If I’m on my phone and I see a cute pair of shoes on TV and want to buy them, it is easy for me to go to the Zappos app,” Virji said. “But if I’m Google or Bing, I want [consumers] to do a search so I can benefit from the ad revenue. Search engines will have to compete for attention versus apps, but they’ll still exist [in the future]. I don’t think they’ll go away – they’ll just have a different function ultimately.” An Added Bonus: The Power to Transform Lives on an Unprecedented Scale And while harnessing the power of AI and voice to act as all-encompassing personal assistants is perhaps indulgent in one sense, there will also be use cases that enrich lives, like Microsoft’s Seeing AI project, which uses intelligence APIs from Microsoft Cognitive Services to help people who are visually impaired or blind better understand what is around them. In a video, the developer behind the project demonstrates how he can take a photo of what’s in front of him while wearing a pair of special glasses and then hear descriptions of the images, such as the ages and genders of the people within, as well as their emotions and what they’re doing. The program can even read menus. “It’s pretty cool that AI is about inclusion,” Virji said. Google V. Bing/Microsoft V. Amazon V. ? : Place Your Bets So it seems whatever player creates the conversational ecosystem more consumers use is the one that will be dominant in this brave new world. In the Q&A, internet marketing consultant and SEO expert Ammon Johns pointed out that Microsoft is in a great position in voice because it has data from Connect, as well as gaming platforms and it has years of experience in which voice is built into its OS, so it is actually ahead of Google in this respect, not to mention when it comes to research into gestures and body position. But, that’s not to say Microsoft/Bing is necessarily poised to dominate the future of search. Indeed, for his part, Duane Forrester, Vice President of organic search operations at digital marketing optimization company Bruce Clay, said Bing won’t necessarily unseat Google with voice because Google is “In there just as deep.” And SEO and Internet marketing expert Alan Bleiweiss, too, noted the future of search domination is still up for grabs. “Google isn’t dead in the water at this point, since they have such a strong share foothold with Android,” Bleiweiss added. “If we’re looking worldwide, they still dominate market share exponentially over iOS.” Further, while Bing provides results for Siri, Cortana, and Alexa, Bleiweiss noted Apple works with additional partners like Wikipedia, Twitter, Wolfram Alpha, Shazam, Yahoo Stocks and even Rotten Tomatoes as sources for Siri results. “So Bing doesn’t get all of the result real estate,” Bleiweiss added. “Bottom line? The industry is now in a fierce race to dominate voice search and AI. Who comes out on top down the road? Give me $1,000 to bet, and I’ll split my bet evenly across each of the players, setting aside $250 for an as-yet-not-known new party.” Virji, too, said the future is still up for grabs with all major digital players – including Microsoft and Google, but also Amazon – racing toward monetization. Further, she pointed to products at Microsoft’s recent annual developers’ conference that she said are bigger than just voice search and personal assistants and encapsulate conversation as a platform that tie in artificial intelligence. For example, Siri can help business owners determine if, say, they need to bake more cupcakes simply by asking, “Do I need to bake more cupcakes?” which the AI then calculates. “You can still talk to Cortana or whoever, but the task will be bigger than ‘show me pictures of red shoes’ and ‘book a restaurant,’” Virji said. Per Virji, it’s in part about search engines figuring out how to continue to serve ads to consumers, which could be via the SERPs or via interfaces such as Google Home, a voice-activated home product similar to Amazon Echo that says it allows consumers to get answers from Google, stream music and manage everyday tasks, or Cortana partnering with players like OpenTable. As long as consumers continue to look for things, search engines can keep serving ads to them, she said. But Forrester noted what could really unseat Google as we know it is the coming shift by a new generation. “As desktops die off, mobile becomes our primary means. With decreased real estate, organic results will fight against paid ad space for exposure,” Forrester said. “This will force a trust conversation within that generation — do we trust organic rankings only, or does Google do a good job of showing me paid ads that answer all my questions? This is the pivot that’ll challenge Google. Well, all engines really.” At the same time, Lau pointed to Microsoft getting Surface tablets in front of young consumers. “Bing has done a great job of putting more devices in classrooms. [They’re] changing the behavior of the next generation to use Windows products and…the default search engine is Bing, so their first interaction with a search engine is Bing. We joke with some of our partners they’re farming the next generation of searchers so [Microsoft] can harvest [them] when they become the next generation of primary spenders 15 to 20 years from now,” Lau said. “Maybe it’s a conspiracy theory about the long con over there, but it looks like Microsoft is going to make a play for search later on and Google needs to come up with something innovative today. If you see what Google is working on – it’s self-driving cars, it’s not search-related anymore.” For his part, Aaron Levy, Manager of Client Strategy at digital marketing agency Elite SEM, said the story is indeed in those tablets and Bing building voice into more than just mobile devices. “It’s essentially a part of Windows 10, but that’s not really just desktops. If you think about it, they’ve built a tablet that 100 percent replaces laptops,” he said. “What they’re doing better than anyone else is making things more mobile and crafting a seamless experience across devices. It’s kind of brutal on mobile…but on desktop/laptop/tablet, it’s phenomenal. Once people adopt the Cortana experience, they stand to make a big play. That’s where they really have a dominant position and where they stand to take some lunch from Google.” Further, Levy noted the Chrome OS is light years away from being anything meaningful and there is a million different iterations of Android. “The vast majority of the world is most comfortable with Windows for their main machines. If Bing[/Microsoft] can find a way to make a mobile platform that sticks, then they’d have a real shot,” Levy said. “The not-so-quiet elephant in the room is Amazon/Alexa, but that’s a whole different dialogue that’s potentially outside of search. At least for now.” Conclusion As search engines face the not-so-distant future, they must evolve beyond search. And voice is the missing link that will help them — and other platforms — develop and nurture the ecosystems necessary to retain consumer loyalty. And while Google may dominate search as it stands in 2016, a new leader could easily emerge as this space evolves.   Image Credits Featured Image: interactimages/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo: phakimata/DepositPhotos.com Related Posts Using Voice Search & AI for Content Marketing: An Interview With Purna Virji Hootsuite Raises $60 Million In New Funding, Acquires Zeetl To Integrate Voice Technology Don’t Ignore Voice Search in Your SEO Optimizing for Voice Search with Siri, Google Now, and Cortana Bio LinkedIn Latest Posts Lisa Lacy Freelance Writer Lisa Lacy is a freelance writer covering digital and search marketing. She's also a contributor to State of Digital and Smart Brief and previously covered... Read Full Bio Latest posts by Lisa Lacy (see all) Voice Technology and the Evolution of Search - September 6, 2016 5 Reasons Jingles are Powerful Marketing Tool - August 2, 2016 Why Facebook is the 800-Pound Gorilla of Livestreaming - July 27, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Greg Kristan What a fantastic article! So interesting to think that I can say “I’m Hungry” and a voice assistant like Cortana, Alexa, Google Now, SIRI, or something else can interpret that based on my interests and past behavior and look at things like i prefer getting around with public transit and show me a result. Amazing Kaminska Zakrzewska Voice technology is indeed a natural interface and it will maintain a connection between consumers and platforms in the ecosystems of tomorrow. Jada Brice This was a great article that reminded me of conversations I’ve had with friends about how much everything is becoming more convenient. We would order our food, search for clothes, and get instant maps that dodge traffic just by using voice commands. I look forward to the next phase of this evolution. Ozair Akhtar (Oxair Online) I would like to learn how to perform optimization for any product, brand or service over VOICE. I am an SEO but I need to move out from it and get in to some advance ones…. Kindly connect with me over LInkdin – which you can easily find in my disqus profile link… semalaia4n Great post about the Voice technology. It is indeed a natural interface.Your blog is very interesting. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.2K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.3K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.1K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 Using Voice Search & AI for Content Marketing: An Interview With Purna Virji 2 Hootsuite Raises $60 Million In New Funding, Acquires Zeetl To Integrate Voice Technology 3 Don’t Ignore Voice Search in Your SEO 4 Optimizing for Voice Search with Siri, Google Now, and Cortana [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise The Complete Guide to Mastering E-commerce Product Category Page Optimization SEO September 2, 2016 SEO Stoney G deGeyterSeptember 2, 2016 VIP CONTRIBUTOR 656SHARES 1.8KREADS 656SHARES 1.8KREADS VIP CONTRIBUTORStoney G deGeyter 656SHARES 1.8KREADS There are two key page types involved in e-commerce SEO (i.e. products or services) for both search engines and shoppers: Product information pages Product category pages The optimization of both plays a critical role in helping your products get traffic and converting that traffic into customers. Unless a visitor to your site enters through a specific product page through search, they will typically come through a product category page first. This post will focus on these pass-through category pages. I’ll discuss optimization of product pages another day. Overall, every product category page on your site should have a very particular focus. The goal is to display products that fit only the narrowness (or broadness) of the category and provide whatever information about the products is necessary to entice visitors to click-through to the products themselves. Within that framework, there are some very specific optimization strategies that you need to employ to get each page to serve its purpose more effectively. Create Proper Product Categories If you have any chance of creating effective product category pages, you have to start by making sure you have created the best categorization structure for all of your products. This means creating categories and sub-categories that help visitors narrow down their choices intuitively to find the product(s) that best fit their interest and needs. The Wrong Way to Categorize Your Products But, before we talk about proper product categorization solutions, let’s look quickly at a poorly implemented solution. The image below comes from an apartment rental website where the menu does very little to help visitors find an apartment that meets their needs. What’s wrong with this picture? For starters, they have implemented something of a mega menu. Mega Menus are designed to reduce the number of clicks needed to get from the current page the visitor is on to the category page that best matches their interest. But this solution is often worse than the problem! Too many options in the menu prevents the customer from being able to focus on what they want. It becomes information overload, creating decision paralysis. Secondly, this menu doesn’t offer navigational categories that help the visitor drill down. Most searchers aren’t looking for apartments based on these categories. And unless you know where each of these addresses are in the city, that information does very little to help you find an apartment that fits your needs. You’d have to take the time to look at each address to know whether there is an apartment available that has the features and amenities you want. The menu offers a few more “filtering” options at the top that might be slightly more helpful, but not by much. If you search by location, you get a slightly more helpful way to find an apartment in an area you want to live in, but that’s only helpful if you are looking for an apartment in a specific location. If you browse by type, you just get the Urban, Signature, and Suburban categories again. Searching by Map allows you to see all the addresses pinned on a map of the city, and searching by Price lets you find an apartment that fits your price range. There is merit to each of these categorization options but, other than the search by price option; they are all focused on location, which only a small sub-set of apartment hunters are searching for. All told, this navigation isn’t helpful to the majority of apartment searchers. The Right Way to Categorize Your Products So now let’s talk about what you should do when it comes to proper product categorization. If you start with keyword research, you’ll learn a lot about how people search for apartments and what types of things they are looking for. With this information, you can create product category and sub-categories that allow you to create optimized landing pages that will cover 90% of what apartment searchers are looking for. Using keyword research, here is a product categorization plan we developed for the same site. This navigation captures searchers who are hunting by any one of four ways: By general location (neighborhood), type of apartment they are looking for (style), the amenities they want, and how many bedrooms they need. These four categories alone cover just about all apartment searches. Those, of course, are just the broad categories. We then have created sub-categories for each that capture searchers who have a clearer idea of what they are looking for in an apartment. Each of the categories above is an option to build landing pages that will drive searchers to the available apartments that most closely match their search intent. And from there, the searcher would be able to further filter the results until they got only the available apartments that fit all of their criteria. For example, let’s say someone is looking for a furnished apartment. That’s their most important criteria, so they start their search there. They land on the furnished apartment page under Amenities and immediately are treated to all available furnished apartments. From here, they use real-time filtering to find a 2-bedroom furnished condo that has a gym in the hilltop area. Or they find a furnished 1-bedroom loft in uptown. The point is, by using this categorization, they were able to land on the page that meets their number one need. Every searcher is different, but we have created enough categories that will provide solutions for almost all searchers. Keyword research plays a big role in how your products should be categorized. Look at the language searchers use to find the products you sell. The goal is to create a navigation that fits your searcher’s way of thinking about things rather than your own. Quiz: Which provides better product classifications? Top level categories for “motorcycle helmets” and “motorcycle gloves” or Top level categories for “Mens Gear”, “Women’s Gear” and “Children’s Gear.” The answer is the first option. Even if a strong number of searchers are looking for “gear,” the only thing the second option shows them is you have gear for men, women, and children. It doesn’t tell them what specific gear you offer. By focusing on the actual product categories, you can offer pages that filter for men, women, and children within each category while making sure your actual products are what the visitor sees when they land on the site. Gear is just too vague, and it forces the visitor to pick who they are shopping for before they get to pick what they are shopping for. That’s backward. When developing your site’s product categorization structure, I suggest getting out the post-it notes and a nice wall or table to stick them on. Each post-it will represent a specific product category. Create as many options as you think make sense, based on the keyword research, and then organize them into primary groups and sub-groups. One final tip. Your top-tier product categories should be your website’s main navigation options. Don’t hide these under a navigation option for “Products,” “Services,” or worse, “Browse”! Optimize Every Category Page I mentioned this above, but let’s dive into this in more detail here. Every product category page should be a landing page that is optimized for targeted keyword searches. Scroll back up and look at the new navigation layout I created above. Every one of those options is there because it can serve as a landing page for searchers. To optimize these category/landing pages, you have to know what the purpose of the page is. For product category pages, the purpose is to provide confirmation to the visitor that the page fulfills the intent of their query. From there, its purpose is to provide the signals needed that get the visitor to take the next action, which is to click into the next level sub-category or a specific product page. Let’s look at how to do that. Customized Heading Tag Too often, the topmost heading tags on product category pages tells the visitors very little about the content on the page or why they should stick around. Headings have two distinct purposes: 1) confirm to the visitor that they landing on the page that meets their needs, and 2) entice them to stick around. Sometimes just clearly outlining the page content is enough. Other times, you may need to add some value indicators. In the example below, the heading reads “Apartments in Capitol Hill.” That fulfills the first requirement. But what about adding “Affordable” to the beginning? That one word provides an enticement to keep engaging with the page and the heading now fulfills both. If you want your primary heading to stick to just iterating the product category, then consider using a secondary heading for the enticement. Newspapers, books, and magazines use this format a lot. Stick to the facts in the main heading/title and follow that up with the value-added statement. Make sure that your topmost heading on the page is wrapped in an H1 tag. The sub-heading, if you choose to use it, would be an H2. Optimized Content I’m a firm believer that every page needs content, even if it’s not what most visitors want (or think they want). We have to remember that there is a difference between what visitors want and what they need. Visitors want products, but they need content if they are going to be sold on the value of those products. One great example of this is Google’s “I’m feeling Lucky” button. In 2007, Google estimated that only 1% of searchers use that button (and causes the company to lose $110M per year!). So why doesn’t Google remove it? Because they determined that removing the button cost them a greater loss in brand perception! Searchers don’t want the “I’m feeling lucky” button, but Google needs it to maintain the perception of being a “fun” company. Ok, so that’s not the same type of content I’m referring to, but it does illustrate the want/need issue. If you want a better example, go to any museum. They don’t just display pieces. Each piece is accompanied with content. You don’t go to the museum for the content; you go for the pieces. But it’s that content that informs the visitor the reasons for the pieces being there. Product category content fulfills the same purpose. Visitors think they just want the products, but the content is a mechanism to provide them valuable information about the products in that category. Some will read it; some won’t. Those who don’t need it don’t care that it’s there, provided it doesn’t impede their shopping experience. Those that do need it will be less likely to buy without it. Matches Searcher Intent Another key component of optimizing these pages is to make sure the page (from the content to the products) clearly matches the searcher’s intent. For example, if a searcher is looking for “honda motorcycle batteries,” make sure they land on a page specific to Honda batteries, and not a page for all batteries. Similarly, if they are looking for “women’s ski boots” don’t land them on a page that includes ski boots for men and children. You want the visitor to have to do a minimal amount of work once they land on the page. If they want to filter further, great, but don’t make them filter products on your site just to get to what they searched for to begin with. Be sure you focus completely on meeting the needs as you best know. Provide On-Command Content One of the problems often cited when it comes to optimizing product category pages is there is no place to put optimized content. Furthermore, the argument goes, when most product searchers land on a website, they want to see the products, not a bunch of text. There is, of course, truth to these arguments, but we all know that content is an important aspect of the optimization and conversion process. Any text you add to the page will tend to push the products further down and off the page. Can you give visitors both what they want and need at the same time? Many designers don’t like content on these pages because they think a bunch of content destroys the aesthetics of the page. And if you’re talking about more than a paragraph of content, that’s probably true. So start with a single paragraph. You can easily get a paragraph of content above your products without pushing the products too far down the page and format it in an aesthetically pleasing way. And if you need more than a paragraph to outline the value of those products, make the rest of the content available on demand. Here is a site that did just that. If you click on the read more link, additional text appears, pushing the products further down the page: You can make the argument as to whether this additional text is at all needed to sell the product or not, but assuming it is valuable content, using the “read more” option makes the content available to those who want to learn more while keeping it out of the way for those who just want to view the products themselves. One thing to keep in mind is that search engines devalue the hidden portion of your content. Slightly devalued content that is available, however, has way more value than having no content available at all. Display More Products Per Page Sites with a lot of products in a single category often limit the number of products displayed on each product category page. The visitor will then have to click a link to take them to the next page of product results. This is another example of a solution that fixes one problem but creates several more. For the most part, limiting the number of products displayed at a time is done to speed up the page load speed. Fewer products and images per page make each page load faster. This is good for visitors. But what isn’t good for visitors is forcing them to click page after page after page to see all available products. Eventually, they will tire of this, and the products at the end of the list will be seen by very, very few people. And the search engines will tend to assign less weight to the products on the last page verses those at the beginning, if it gets to them at all. The best option for both visitors and search engines is to display all your products on a single page, with on-demand image loading and strong product filtering options. Not only does this help get more products into the search results, but it also doesn’t add unnecessary page load time. Let’s say you have a product category page that covers 1,000 products. If you tried to load the thumbnail images for all of those 1,000 products, you’d run into some long download times, which can frustrate the shopper. However, if you only load the images in the viewable screen area, you’ll decrease the page load time significantly. The remaining images don’t load, initially, but as soon as the visitor scrolls down and those images come into viewable range, you quickly load the next batch of images. The delay will be minimal because you’re only trying to load a handful of images at a time. But we still have the problem of forcing the visitor to potentially scroll through a thousand products to find the one they want. Some visitors are happy to do that, but most aren’t. (Incidentally, visitors will see a lot more products scrolling than they would by clicking “next page”!) The best way to reduce the number of products the visitor has to scroll through is to set up product filters. Create as many filters as make sense for your products. For example, a page for ski boots might have filters for men’s, women’s, boys, girls, brand, performance, weight, height, skill level, fit, flex, buckle count, color, price, year, heated, etc. Each click of a filter reduces the number of viewable products making finding just the right one easier on the shopper. Use keyword research to determine which filters require their own landing pages and which do not. For our ski boot filters, there are probably few searches for ski boots by color. That can be a real-time filter that edits the products shown on the page without switching URLs. However, there are probably quite a number of searchers looking for ski boots by brand. This is worthy of its own optimized landing page. Search engines follow the filters that lead to unique URLs, which helps get these filtered product pages into the search results, and provides a greater likelihood that the products will end up in the search indexes as well. Alternate Option Okay, so what do you do if, for whatever reason, you can’t create filters or on-demand image loading? That puts you back into splitting your products into page 1, page 2, page 3, etc. If that’s you, there is still some hope. Use the rel=”prev” and rel=”next” tags on the links to the pages before/after the current page. I suggest you keep your optimized content only on page one, so it’s not competing with duplicate content on the other pages. Just make sure you use the canonical tag on that first page, as it is often the case that the first in a string of pages can be accessed by two different URLs: site.com/ski-boots/ (this is your canonical URL) site.com/ski-boots/page1/ The canonical tag makes sure that only the URL you want is indexed. Google also suggests creating a page that allows visitors to “view all” products on a single page, without the pagination. This is the page they prefer to show in the search results, which would be the page with 1,000 products. When using this approach, you can set your canonical tag for all the paginated pages to point to the “view all” page. You also will want to add a no-index tag on all the paginated pages, and put your optimized content on the view all page as well. Optimized Sale/Closeout Pages One final point when it comes to creating a great set of optimized product category pages: Most sites focus on their products only but forget that people search for those products in many different ways. A good number of searchers are often looking for your products using terms such as  “discount,” “sale,” “closeout,” “deals,” etc. We talked about optimizing for the intent of the searcher, which means that unless you only sell discount products, you don’t want to drive these searchers to your main product category pages. Instead, create a “sale” section of your site in which you then build additional landing pages for each of your product categories. The only products displaying in these categories will be those that have been reduced in price. Optimizing these landing pages is a great way to capture these discount searchers while reducing older product inventory more quickly. It’s All About the Visitor Product category pages are often the first line of conversion when it comes to your visitor’s shopping experience. If the visitor isn’t yet searching for a particular product or service, they are searching for the product category so they can learn more. Optimizing your product category pages not only brings more shoppers to your site, but it is an important step in providing each shopper with a valuable on-site experience. If your product category pages don’t deliver as expected, visitors leave without ever seeing the products they came for. What did I miss? What do YOU think are essentials for product page optimization?   Image Credits Featured Image: Image by Stoney deGeyter In-post Photos: All images by Stoney deGeyter All screenshots by Stoney deGeyter. Taken August 2016. Related Posts The Complete Guide to Mastering E-Commerce Product Page Optimization 10 Tips for Mastering E-Commerce Conversion Rate Optimization The Landing Page Optimization Guide You Wish You’ve Always Had A Complete Guide to SEO Conversions and Metrics Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Stoney G deGeyter CEO at Pole Position Marketing Stoney deGeyter is the author of The Best Damn Web Marketing Checklist, Period!, and President of Pole Position Marketing, a leading web presence optimization firm... Read Full Bio @stoneyd +Stoney G deGeyter Latest posts by Stoney G deGeyter (see all) 3 Competitive Factors That Influence (or Hinder) Your Online Success - November 6, 2016 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly - October 24, 2016 The Complete Guide to Mastering E-Commerce Product Page Optimization - September 25, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   semalaia4n Nice information about the E-commerce Product Category Page Optimization.It is very nice and thanks for sharing the post. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.2K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.3K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.1K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 The Complete Guide to Mastering E-Commerce Product Page Optimization 2 10 Tips for Mastering E-Commerce Conversion Rate Optimization 3 The Landing Page Optimization Guide You Wish You’ve Always Had 4 A Complete Guide to SEO Conversions and Metrics [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Premier League Swansea City 1-2 Liverpool: Premier League – as it happened Liverpool recovered from a sluggish start to deservedly win through second-half goals from Roberto Firmino and James Milner Read Stuart James’s match report from the Liberty Stadium Updated James Milner is mobbed after his late penalty. Photograph: Julian Finney/Getty Images Rob Smyth Saturday 1 October 2016 09.23 EDT Last modified on Saturday 1 October 2016 09.51 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 9.22am EDT 09:22 Full time: Swansea 1-2 Liverpool 9.11am EDT 09:11 GOAL! Swansea 1-2 Liverpool (Milner 84 pen) 9.10am EDT 09:10 PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL 8.42am EDT 08:42 GOAL! Swansea 1-1 Liverpool (Firmino 54) 8.17am EDT 08:17 Half time: Swansea 1-0 Liverpool (Fer 8) 7.37am EDT 07:37 GOAL! Swansea 1-0 Liverpool (Fer 8) 6.20am EDT 06:20 Preamble Live feed Show 9.42am EDT 09:42 And now, read Stuart James’s on-the-whistle match report from the Liberty Stadium here: Liverpool’s James Milner spot-on again to sink Swansea City Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.25am EDT 09:25 And if you want more football, Barry Glendenning is your man. Hull City v Chelsea, Premier League and more: Saturday clockwatch – live! Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.22am EDT 09:22 Full time: Swansea 1-2 Liverpool Liverpool move up to second in the table. They started poorly but the injury to Adam Lallana forced a reshuffle, and moving Philippe Coutinho into midfield sparked them into life. They were deserved winners after completely dominating the last hour of the game. Swansea put in an admirable shift and will reflect on two great chances that were missed by Borja Baston in the first half, and that last-minute sitter for Mike van der Hoorn. Thanks for your company; bye! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.21am EDT 09:21 90+3 min What a chance for van der Hoorn! I would have scored that*. It was a great cross from the right by Rangel that curled and dipped over the head of the Liverpool centre-backs. It came to van der Hoorn, eight yards out, and he screwed a feeble volley wide of the far post. (* Legal disclaimer: I may not actually have scored that.) Mike van der Hoorn of Swansea reacts after missing a last minute chance Photograph: Stu Forster/Getty Images Updated at 9.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.17am EDT 09:17 90 min There will be four added minutes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.16am EDT 09:16 89 min Can’s low cross is almost put into his own net by the weary Cork. Fabianski gets down to his left to save. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.15am EDT 09:15 89 min It will be ridiculous if Francesco Guidolin is sacked after this game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.14am EDT 09:14 88 min This is over. Swansea have nothing left in the tank. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.13am EDT 09:13 86 min Origi has an instant impact with a low cross from the right towards the unmarked Sturridge. He can’t reach it on the stretch but Coutinho backs up the play beyond the far post to batter a shot from a tight angle that is beaten away by Fabianski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.12am EDT 09:12 85 min A double change for Liverpool: Can and Origi replace Wijnaldum and Firmino. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.11am EDT 09:11 GOAL! Swansea 1-2 Liverpool (Milner 84 pen) James Milner scores confidently, clipping it straight down the middle as Fabianski goes to the right. James Milner of Liverpool scores his side’s second goal Photograph: Julian Finney/Getty Images Updated at 9.18am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.10am EDT 09:10 PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL Oh, this is a nightmare for Swansea. Barrow, in his own box, blooters his attempted clearance straight up in the air, and when it bounces Rangel panicks and shoves Firmino to the ground. A clear penalty, and a pretty needless one. Updated at 9.14am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.09am EDT 09:09 82 min The Swansea players, it is fair to assume, do not want Francesco Guidolin to be sacked. Their endeavour in this half has verged on the heroic. Updated at 9.09am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.08am EDT 09:08 81 min Coutinho’s long-range shot deflects behind for a corner. Matip’s near-post header deflects behind for a second corner on the right, which will again be taken by Henderson. It’s a dangerous outswinger that somehow evades everyone on the six-yard line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.05am EDT 09:05 78 min This is Swansea’s best spell since around the half-hour mark, and for the time being they look the likelier scorers. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.04am EDT 09:04 77 min Francesco Guidolin’s substitutions have given Swansea greater energy, and as a result the last 10 minutes have been less fraught. They almost take the lead when Karius comes for a left-wing corner and gets nowhere near it, with the ball flashing right across the face of goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.01am EDT 09:01 75 min A rare Swansea attack, with a nice run and cross from Barrow leading to a corner. Sigurdsson takes it and Milner heads clear. Updated at 9.02am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.58am EDT 08:58 72 min Swansea’s final substitution: Leroy Fer is replaced by Jay Fulton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.57am EDT 08:57 72 min Swansea can put two passes together, but three is a stretch and the ball is always coming back at them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.56am EDT 08:56 70 min From the resulting corner, Sturridge flashes a header a few yards wide of the far post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.56am EDT 08:56 69 min The dithering van der Hoorn is robbed on the edge of the area by Milner. He slightly overhits his pass to Mane, who gets it out of his feet nonetheless and hits a shot that is deflected over the bar by Naughton. Updated at 8.56am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.55am EDT 08:55 68 min Clyne, who has been a constant attacking threat, cracks a low shot from 25 yards that is well held by Fabianski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.54am EDT 08:54 67 min Mane shrieks with pain after a tackle by Ki, and the replays shows why: he planted his studs into Mane’s right foot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.52am EDT 08:52 64 min Coutinho bundles Barrow to the ground to launch a Liverpool counter-attack. Firmino plays the ball down the left to Coutinho, whose excellent low cross just evades Sturridge at the near post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.50am EDT 08:50 63 min Another Swansea change: Ki Sung-Yueng replaces the tiring captain Leon Britton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.48am EDT 08:48 62 min Swansea make their first change, with Modou Barrow replacing Wayne Routledge. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.46am EDT 08:46 59 min Swansea surely can’t do this for another half an hour. They are under constant pressure. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.45am EDT 08:45 57 min Swansea are struggling to stay in this game. Coutinho plays a one-two with Mane and places a beautiful curler just wide from inside the D. He has been terrific since dropping into midfield. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.42am EDT 08:42 GOAL! Swansea 1-1 Liverpool (Firmino 54) Liverpool are level! Coutinho’s free-kick hits the wall and comes to Henderson, who lobs it first time into the box. Firmino, who stayed onside as Swansea pushed up, places a good header into the left corner of the net from 10 yards. Roberto Firmino of Liverpool scores his side’s first goal Photograph: Julian Finney/Getty Images Updated at 8.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.41am EDT 08:41 54 min Britton is booked for a cynical pull on Mane, 25 yards from goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.39am EDT 08:39 52 min It’s raining heavily now, which adds to the increasingly desperate feel of the match as Liverpool chase an equaliser in a manner usually reserved for the last 10 minutes. Updated at 8.39am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.37am EDT 08:37 48 min Mane combines with Sturridge – who should have been flagged offside - and clips the ball past the outrushing Fabianski from the right corner of the six-yard box. It deflects off van der Hoorn and rolls invitingly in front of goal before Amat boots it clear. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.34am EDT 08:34 47 min Clyne runs at Naughton and crosses low towards Sturridge, who spins Amat at the near post but overruns the ball in doing so. Goal kick to Swansea. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.32am EDT 08:32 46 min Swansea begin the second half, kicking from left to right. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.32am EDT 08:32 Half-time cheer “Travelling from west Wales to Cardiff, I got stuck in match-day traffic in torrential rain on the M4 earlier, so this match put me in a bad mood before it had even kicked off,” says Matt Dony. “Checking the half-time score hasn’t helped. Batter Arsenal, lose to Burnley. Batter Chelsea, losing to Swansea. Gotta love being a Liverpool fan.” They’ll win this 3-1. You have my word. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.17am EDT 08:17 Half-time reading Mauricio Pochettino to face Guardiola as an equal in a rivalry born in Barcelona Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.17am EDT 08:17 Half time: Swansea 1-0 Liverpool (Fer 8) A fine 45 minutes for Swansea, who could be 3-0 ahead, though the way Liverpool came to life towards half-time was pretty ominous. See you in 10 minutes for the second half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.14am EDT 08:14 44 min Sigurdsson’s dipping free-kick is fumbled by Karius but he claims it comfortably at the second attempt. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.13am EDT 08:13 43 min Swansea really, really need half-time. A breather is the next-best thing, and Britton provides that by craftily drawing a foul from Matip 30 yards from the Liverpool goal. Sadio Mané hits the deck. Photograph: Stefan Wermuth/Reuters Updated at 8.15am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Swansea City Liverpool Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise Search Live Coverage Carousel Comes to Google With Real-Time Indexing News  SEO August 31, 2016 News SEO Matt SouthernAugust 31, 2016 SEJ STAFF 443SHARES 841READS 443SHARES 841READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 443SHARES 841READS Publishers can now opt-in to having their content featured in the new Search live coverage carousel, a pilot project from Google. Participating in the project will allow publishers to expedite the process of having their content surfaced by Google. The live coverage carousel will feature content such as live blogs, full length articles, videos, and more. In addition to opting in to the pilot project via the form found here, there are several requirements that your content needs to meet before it’s eligible to be featured in the new live coverage carousel. Requirements for Being Featured in Google’s Search Live Coverage Carousel AMP Content Only Only content published using Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) will be considered for inclusion in the carousel. For more information about AMP, including how to use it for your WordPress content, please see this article. Structured Data Markup Content published using AMP must also include structured data markup, which helps Google understand the context around a piece of content. This will allow Google to display an accurate preview in the carousel. For more information about how to implement structured data markup, please see help guide. Push Content With an Atom XML Feed Sending content to Google’s live coverage carousel requires the use of an HTTP POST request in an Atom XML feed. This will allow Google to index the content as soon as it hits the web. Google has been recommending Atom XML feeds for optimal crawling since October 2014. If your content meets the above requirements, you can express interest in having your content featured in the live carousel using this form. H/T: Aaron Bradley Related Posts Who Has AMP Carousel and Who Doesn’t? Google Reveals Countries With AMP in Search Results Google Adds Pinterest, Vine, and More To New Mobile Search Carousel Expand Your Reach: A Guide to Live Conference Coverage New #MarketingNerds Podcast: Successful Strategies for Live Tweeting and Event Coverage on Social Media Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Search and Save for Later With New Bing Update - November 17, 2016 Google: Here’s When Your Favorite TV Shows Are On Next - November 17, 2016 When a Website Has Only Desktop + AMP, Google Will Index Desktop Site - November 17, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Kalaniketan Its really great news, especially for publishers. AMP is gonna big thing in near future for sure. semalaia4n Very nice information about the google real time indexing.It is useful for me and Thanks for sharing the post,. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.2K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.3K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.1K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 Who Has AMP Carousel and Who Doesn’t? Google Reveals Countries With AMP in Search Results 2 Google Adds Pinterest, Vine, and More To New Mobile Search Carousel 3 Expand Your Reach: A Guide to Live Conference Coverage 4 New #MarketingNerds Podcast: Successful Strategies for Live Tweeting and Event Coverage on Social Media [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US tech giants unite to ensure AI is developed safely and ethically Sam Shead Sep. 28, 2016, 5:00 PM 2,683 facebook linkedin twitter email print Founding members (L-R): Eric Horvitz, managing director of Microsoft Research; Francesca Rossi, AI ethics researcher at IBM; Yann LeCun, Facebook AI Research director; and Mustafa Suleyman, cofounder of Google DeepMind. Partnership on AI Google, Facebook, Amazon, IBM, and Microsoft have come together to form a new organisation in a bid to ensure that artificial intelligence (AI) is developed safely, ethically, and transparently. The organisation — announced on Wednesday and known as the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society, or simply Partnership on AI — will aim to address some of the challenges that AI presents to people and society, while also figuring out how humanity can best take advantage of new technologies in the field, which has advanced rapidly in the last few years. The Partnership, unveiled by AI executives from the founding companies during a telephone briefing with journalists on Wednesday, said it will carry out research and recommend how others in the field of AI should go about developing their systems. During the call, the consortium dismissed concerns that this was effectively an attempt by the tech industry to self-regulate AI without government involvement. AI has been tipped to improve many aspects of life, ranging from healthcare, education, and manufacturing to home automation and transportation. But it's also been described by the likes of renowned scientist Stephen Hawking and tech billionaire Elon Musk as something that could wipe out humans altogether. Ensuring AI's positive impact Programming a machine to learn from its environment in a particular way is now the job of many software developers around the world. But some people are concerned that these self-aware machines could be programmed in a way that allows them to develop intelligence that could be used to cause harm, while others, such as Oxford University professor Nick Bostrom, think superintelligent machines will outsmart humans within a matter of decades. Mustafa Suleyman, cofounder and head of applied AI at Alphabet-owned research lab, DeepMind said it's "critical" for technology companies to start engaging with the public on how they're developing AI. "The positive impact of AI will depend on the level of public engagement," he said, adding that the new organisation will compliment Google's own AI ethics board, which was created after the search giant acquired DeepMind for a reported £400 million in 2014, but has been kept under wraps ever since. Yann LeCun, director of AI research at Facebook, and Ralf Herbrich, director of machine learning science and core machine learning at Amazon, said AI has the potential to improve the lives of millions of people, while also stating how crucial the technology is to the future of their platforms. "As researchers in industry, we take very seriously the trust people have in us to ensure advances are made with the utmost consideration for human values," said LeCun. "By openly collaborating with our peers and sharing findings, we aim to push new boundaries every day, not only within Facebook, but across the entire research community. To do so in partnership with these companies who share our vision will help propel the entire field forward in a thoughtful responsible way." The Partnership will be funded and supported by the founding companies, who actually compete with one another across many other parts of their businesses. The location of the organisation's headquarters are yet to be decided, as are job roles and staff numbers, although decisions on these matters are expected to be made in the coming weeks. A man falls in love with an AI in the sci-fi movie "Her." Warner Bros. Through the Partnership on AI consortium, the US tech giants will carry out AI research into areas like: ethics, fairness and inclusivity transparency, privacy, and interoperability collaboration between people and AI systems and the trustworthiness, reliability and robustness of the technology. There will be equal representation of corporate and non-corporate members on the Partnership's board, which will meet on a yet-to-be determined basis. Academics and non-profits will also be invited to join, as will other organisations looking to monitor the development of AI, such as Elon Musk's OpenAI. The Partnership said it is already in membership discussions with the likes of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) and the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2). "In the coming weeks and months we’ll be announcing non-corporate members of our Partnership and their roles," said Suleyman. 8-point plan Murray Shanahan, professor of cognitive robotics at Imperial College London, endorsed the formation of the Partnership, saying: "A small number of large corporations are today the powerhouses behind the development of sophisticated artificial intelligence. The inauguration of the Partnership on AI is a very welcome step towards ensuring this technology is used wisely." Yoshua Bengio, a professor at the University of Montreal and scientific director at IVADO, an organisation that aims to partner industry professionals and academic researchers, added: "Bringing together the major players in the field is the best way to ensure we all share the same values and overall objectives to serve the common good." The Partnership on AI shares the following tenets: We will seek to ensure that AI technologies benefit and empower as many people as possible. We will educate and listen to the public and actively engage stakeholders to seek their feedback on our focus, inform them of our work, and address their questions. We are committed to open research and dialog on the ethical, social, economic, and legal implications of AI. We believe that AI research and development efforts need to be actively engaged with and accountable to a broad range of stakeholders. We will engage with and have representation from stakeholders in the business community to help ensure that domain-specific concerns and opportunities are understood and addressed. We will work to maximise the benefits and address the potential challenges of AI technologies, by: Working to protect the privacy and security of individuals. Striving to understand and respect the interests of all parties that may be impacted by AI advances. Working to ensure that AI research and engineering communities remain socially responsible, sensitive and engaged directly with the potential influences of AI technologies on wider society. Ensuring that AI research and technology is robust, reliable, trustworthy, and operates within secure constraints. Opposing development and use of AI technologies that would violate international conventions or human rights, and promoting safeguards and technologies that do no harm. We believe that it is important for the operation of AI systems to be understandable and interpretable by people, for purposes of explaining the technology. We strive to create a culture of cooperation, trust, and openness among AI scientists and engineers to help us all better achieve these goals. NOW WATCH: This hidden iPhone feature will boost your reception Loading video... More: Artificial Intelligence Google Microsoft DeepMind Facebook IBM facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US tech giants unite to ensure AI is developed safely and ethically US tech giants unite to ensure AI is developed safely and ethically Google, Facebook, Amazon, IBM, and Microsoft... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Tech Culture Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory takes on Google Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory takes on Google The Republican nominee might prefer Bing or Yahoo for his Hillary Clinton news. Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory takes on Google 0 Share: Tech Culture by Alfred Ng September 29, 2016 8:17 AM PDT @alfredwkng Up Next President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Enlarge Image Donald Trump at a rally in Council Bluffs, Iowa, this week.Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images Donald Trump is again accusing Google of bias against his campaign. Two days after the first presidential debate between the Republican candidate and his Election 2016 rival, Hillary Clinton, Trump slammed the tech giant, saying negative stories on Clinton weren't showing up in Google search results. "The Google poll has us leading Hillary Clinton by two points nationwide, and that's despite the fact that Google's search engine was suppressing the bad news about Hillary Clinton. How about that?" Trump said during a rally in Wisconsin on Wednesday. This marks the second time Trump has charged Google with unfair treatment, and it's yet another incident in which he's seized on technology as an issue. Trump has also called for Apple to start building its products in the US and has supported Ted Cruz's quest to maintain US control over internet domain naming rights. Trump's campaign did not respond to requests for comment on what "bad news" the candidate was referring to. In the same speech in which Trump accused Google of burying negative stories, he discussed Clinton's "deplorables" remarks, her controversial "superpredators" statement and her email scandal, and he urged his supporters to "follow the money," criticizing her campaign contributors. But Google has never reranked search results, and it prioritizes the most relevant stories, according to a person familiar with the company's methods. Indeed, all the stories Trump referenced in his speech appeared within the first five results produced by a Google search. Google's search works by scraping the web for content, then using algorithms to rank results according to more than 200 factors, including a website's page quality and relevance, according to the company. Searches spiked during Monday's debate showdown, as users flocked to the search engine to fact-check the candidates. "Trump Iraq war" was searched up to 137 times as much as "Clinton emails" was looked up. Trump has blamed Google for his troubles in the past, after a SourceFed video in June accused the search engine of manipulating search results in favor of Clinton. Google responded to those previous claims, saying the people making them "simply misunderstand how Autocomplete works." Google's Autocomplete algorithm, which gives suggested search terms once you've started typing in a query, doesn't populate any negative terms when paired with a person's name, the company explained. That means "Hillary Clinton cri" doesn't autocomplete to "crime," and the same logic would apply to "Donald Trump cri." The search engine giant has treated the 2016 election as if it were kryptonite. Google's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, has said the company will remain neutral during the heated 2016 election campaign. Tags Tech Culture Hillary Clinton Google Donald Trump Related Stories Your holiday shopping battle guide Australian eagles 9, drones 0 Amazon confronts Trump's view of the US head on Trump's chief strategist thinks too many tech CEOs are Asian? Close   Discuss: Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory takes... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Rumor: Three new iPhones coming in 2017. Only one will be OLED. Apple's working on digital glasses. How special is the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar? And Apple's selling a book...for $300. by Brian Tong Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
