FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented By threatening Donald Trump, Anonymous is doing our dirty laundry for us, and that isn’t right By Anirudh Regidi 11   Comments Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 8   Comments Vodafone announces SuperNet 4G plans: 4GB data priced at Rs 250 and 22GB for Rs 999 By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments Moon Express receives permission to start mining operations on the Moon By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India from Rs 9,999; goes on sale 23 January By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Renders of the Google Pixel 2 appear to have been leaked on Chinese news site #Google Pixel 2 Image: Anzhuo 1 By tech2 News Staff /  18 Jan 2017 , 11:04 3D renders of what appears to be a Google Pixel 2 have appeared on a Chinese news site. The renders indicate a completely redesigned phone with a glass back. The images appeared on Anzhuo, a Chinese news portal, but the website mentions no sources so do take these leaks with a pinch of salt. Judging by the images, the phone does appear to be very slim. It features flat sides with bevelled edges and rounded corners. The back appears to be covered entirely in glass. Image: Anzhuo The images also suggest narrower bezels, particularly at the top and bottom. To facilitate this, the fingerprint sensor appears to have been moved to the back and software buttons are present. Strangely, there are two slits at the bottom, where the home button usually sits and no speaker grilles on the bottom of the phone. This suggests that the two slits house at least one speaker and a mic, though a possibility of stereo speakers can’t be ruled out. Image: Anzhuo Thankfully, the headphone jack appears to have been retained — it’s at the top — and a USB Type-C port appears at the bottom. Two volume buttons and a power button appear to be on the right of the device. Google’s Pixel smartphone line is supposed to be an evolution of the Nexus line. This line will be positioned as a flagship line, unlike the Nexus series, which was targeted at developers. The Google Pixel is, however, already suffering from some issues, particularly with regards to its speakers. The speakers crackle when certain audio patterns are played at high volume and the issue appears to be plaguing a very large number of Pixel devices. Google has identified the issue as a hardware problem. The original Pixel is a great device, but it was hastily designed and assembled in a span of less than a year using off-the-shelf parts from manufacturer HTC. Some have blamed the phone’s hardware issues on this haste. Hopefully, the Pixel 2 will be more thoughtfully developed and will make a better showing for itself. The Pixel 2 is expected to arrive in the second half of 2017 and tote a Snapdragon 835 processor. Tags: Google Pixel 2, Google Pixel 2 availability, Google Pixel 2 features, Google Pixel 2 leak, Google Pixel 2 price, Google Pixel 2 render, Google Pixel 2 specifications Also read Google Pixel XL review: Elevating the Nexus experience; but dearly priced Snapdeal offers cashback and mobile protection plans on Google Pixel and Pixel XL X Recommended For You NASA is preparing “Psyche” mission to send a spacecraft to a giant “metal” asteroid HAL Tejas to make its debut run during the Republic Day Parade China reports that the Chinese QUESS quantum communications satellite is finally operational After Mi Notebook Air, Xiaomi gunning for the lightest notebook with magnesium-lithium chassis Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Alibaba Jan 19, 2017 UCWeb, Alibaba’s Mobile Business Group will invest Rs 2 billion in India and Indonesia #Xiaomi Jan 19, 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 has disappointed some fans by choosing efficiency over performance #Jio Jan 19, 2017 Cheap tariff is good for Jio, gives it the opportunity to fine-tune the network: Mahesh Uppal #Apple iPhone Jan 19, 2017 Upcoming Apple iPhone to pack in facial recognition with new ‘laser sensor’ #Xiaomi Jan 19, 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 first impressions: Has the potential to step in as the new budget king SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is making a big push to fix some of Android's biggest problems in the fight with iPhone Matt Weinberger Jan. 17, 2017, 8:25 PM 12,593 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Google Pixel phoneHollis Johnson/Business Insider Google wants to import one of its own creations into its home market. The company wants to bring Android One — its three-year-old program partnering with manufacturers to create low-cost phones for emerging markets like India — to the US, reports the Information's Amir Efrati.  Importantly, the Information reports that those phones will come with a guarantee from Google to be updated with the latest Android updates and security fixes for two years from the sale date. Better yet, they'll cost $200-$300, with the first Android One phone coming stateside as soon as this summer, per the report. This is a vital positioning for Google, as more and more Android users move over to the Apple iPhone. Apple has always made a point of making sure that as many older iPhones and iPads as possible come along for the ride with each new update to the iOS operating system. Meanwhile, Android users are often left waiting months or years for updates, if they come at all, with the carriers usually left to decide which phones get which updates, when. It's resulted in Android's well-documented "fragmentation" problem, where apps that work on one phone may not work on another, given the various configurations of software and hardware among the 1.5 billion-ish Android users out there.  Google has already moved to tackle this problem at the high-end of the market, with its Pixel phones — packed to the gills with the very latest Google tech, and with the promise that the search giant itself will push out software updates. It's a small part of the larger battle to reduce fragmentation, and helps boost Android's market perception. Now, it sounds like Google is partnering with unnamed manufacturers via Android One to start to capture the middle of the market, with a similar promise to keep its users up-to-date. According to the report, Google will keep Android manufacturers on board by promising to help fund their phones' marketing, so long as they comply with the plan. Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Why Amazon's Echo is totally dominating — and what Google, Microsoft, and Apple have to do to catch up NOW WATCH: 5 things Google's Pixel phone can do that the iPhone can't Loading video... More: Android Google smartphone Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is making a big push to fix some of Android's biggest problems in the fight with iPhone Google is making a big push to fix some of Android's biggest problems in the fight with iPhone Google wants to import one of its own creations... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
WSJ WSJ Live Live Realtor Realtor Mansion Global Mansion Global Barron's Barron's WSJ+ WSJ+ More Product X Portfolio BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Wine AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending — You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello     Kara Swisher ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @karaswisher Recent Posts by Kara Swisher Google Confirms That Groupon COO Will Be Google's Margo Georgiadis April 21, 2011 at 11:14 am PT Tweet Share Print Margo Georgiadis (pictured here), VP of Global Sales Operations at Google, will be COO of Groupon, Google confirmed. She is currently located in Chicago, where the social buying site is headquartered. A Google spokesman confirmed the move by Georgiadis, while Groupon–which specifically denied a query about her appointment that BoomTown made Tuesday–dithered. In a statement, her boss, SVP and Chief Business Officer Nikesh Arora said: “I’m grateful for all that Margo has done for our team over the past two years. We will miss her, but we’re also very excited that she’s joining a terrific company and a great partner for Google.” Besides COO, I will officially bestow the title of “Chief Cat Wrangler” on Georgiadis, for the massive organizational job ahead for her at the notoriously chaotic start-up. (As evidenced by Google being the company confirming a major Groupon hire.) Still, Groupon’s growth had been stunning. It now has thousands of employees and has already washed out one COO, former Yahoo exec Rob Solomon, whose departure was reported here. It has also turned down a $6 billion acquisition offer from Google, raised a badillion dollars in venture funding from tech’s top investors and also is prepping an IPO valuing the company at upwards of $15 billion. Phew! Georgiadis must bring calm to this perfect storm. Because of her solid resume (see below) and quiet demeanor, I had included her in a list of candidates several weeks ago and had queried the social buying company about her specifically this week. In fact, when I asked for a comment if Georgiadis was hired on Tuesday, a Groupon spokeswoman said: “This would be news to me. Nothing to announce yet.” At the time, Google had the class to simply say “no comment.” (Lesson learned!) Crain’s Chicago Business’ John Pletz first posted on Georgiadis’ hiring earlier today. In any case, Georgiadis is just the kind of candidate that Groupon has been looking for–a competent and experienced sales and operations exec who would not overshadow its quirky CEO and co-founder Andrew Mason. As I wrote two weeks ago: Lastly, and perhaps most important, the Groupon COO candidate is going to have to accept that the role will not be a CEO-in-waiting, either before or after its inevitable IPO in the next year. While I have received several tips that co-founder and CEO Andrew Mason might not stay its principal exec, extensive checking with sources inside and outside the company indicate that such a move is highly unlikely. “Andrew is beloved to the board, by investors and, most of all, by employees,” said one source. “He’s not going anywhere.” Indeed, Mason has a close working relationship with co-founder Brad Keywell, as well as Groupon co-founder and Chairman Eric Lefkofsky. In fact, despite other business interests, Lefkofsky has been very involved in all key decisions with Mason. That job, presumably, would fall to the new COO, which Groupon should be hiring sooner rather than later. “Groupon needs a world-class COO, who can manage hyper-growth, but also who knows that a No. 2 stays in the background while doing it,” said another source. “That’s a tall order.” Groupon has looked at a number of top execs, most specificially at former DoubleClick and Google exec David Rosenblatt. Sources said the high-profile exec did not want to play second fiddle to Mason or move to Chicago. That’s moot now. Here is Georgiadis’ bio at the Silicon Valley search giant, which shows why Groupon picked her: Georgiadis is responsible for driving Google’s sales operations and strategies across regions, channels and products as well as leading the sales technology teams which enable the successful commercialization of Google’s products (e.g., AdWords, AdSense, display and mobile ads) with advertisers and publishers. She also leads the company’s local and commerce businesses, working to extend services like Checkout, Google Places and commerce search to small and large businesses alike. Before joining Google, Margo was a principal in Synetro Capital LLC, a private investment firm based in Chicago. She also spent five years as the executive vice president of card products and chief marketing officer of Discover Financial Services where she led a radical turnaround of business performance and revitalized its rewards leadership with award-winning new products, customer experience and marketing. Prior to Discover, Margo was a partner at McKinsey and Company for 15 years in London and Chicago. She was a leader in the firm’s marketing and retail practices, and also co-founded and led the customer acquisition and management and retail marketing practices. She has a bachelor’s degree in economics from Harvard College and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Tagged with: acquisition, AdSense, advertising, AdWords, Andrew Mason, appointment, arrivals departures feature, bio, BoomTown, Brad Keywell, buying, candidate, card, channel, Checkout, Chicago, COO, Crain’s Chicago Business, customer, David Rosenblatt, digital, Discover Financial Services, display, DoubleClick, employee, England, Eric Lefkofsky, experience, funding, global, Google, Google Places, Groupon, growth, Harvard Business School, Harvard College, hire, Illinois, Industry Moves, Internet, investment, investor, IPO, job, John Pletz, Kara Swisher, local, London, management, Margo Georgiadis, marketing, MBA, McKinsey and Company, Nikesh Arora, offer, operations, practice, product, publisher, region, resume, retail, Rob Solomon, sales, search, Silicon Valley, strategy, Synetro Capital LLC, venture Powered by Livefyre You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello December 31, 2013 at 2:00 pm PT Some of Our Fave D Conference Videos Before AllThingsD Signs Off in 3 … 2 … 1 … December 31, 2013 at 12:24 pm PT How Can You Miss Us if We Won’t Go Away? Paczkowski and Swisher Highlights From AllThingsD. December 30, 2013 at 7:48 am PT Viral Video: Even Jerry Seinfeld Has a Drone. What’s With That? December 30, 2013 at 4:29 am PT The Longish Goodbye: Highlights From AllThingsD Staffers Johnson, Del Rey and Cha December 28, 2013 at 2:40 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-video/find_all_videos.asp&fields=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count=4&doctype=128&type=allthingsd-section&query=BoomTown Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » Another gadget you don’t really need. Will not work once you get it home. New model out in 4 weeks. Battery life is too short to be of any use. — From the fact sheet for a fake product entitled Useless Plasticbox 1.2 (an actual empty plastic box) placed in L.A.-area Best Buy stores by an artist called Plastic Jesus AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscripted and upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2017 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Mobile Version
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsor -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories Apple AirPods MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Daydream VR ASUS ZenBook 3 Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum MacBook (2016) Moto G Plus HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevy Malibu   2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Samsung Galaxy S7 2015 Mazda CX-9 Moto 360 (2015) Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear headphones for Android ASAP Dash Rapid Charger Jaybird Reign Fitness Tracker Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo HTC One A9 21.5-inch iMac with 4K display 360Fly Action Camera SanDisk Wireless Connect Stick Geko E100 Full HD 1080P Dash Cam Google Pixel C SodaStream's New POWER Sparkling Water Machine Dyson V6 Mattress Handheld Vaccum iPad Pro ZTE AXON Apple TV (2015) 2016 Ford Explorer Platinum Edition « Mastercard and Gates Foundation bring mobile banking to East African farmers via feature phones | Main | KGI Securities analyst foresees new Kaby Lake-powered MacBooks coming this year, including one with 32GB desktop-class RAM » Tuesday Jan172017 Google adds offline search capabilities to its Android app Tuesday, January 17, 2017 at 11:42PM Searching for anything and everything on Google is a great, convenient thing—until you lose internet connection. Google remedies this issue by adding offline search to its Search app on Android. It’s starting to roll out to users and it might already be on your device. What offline search offers is it’ll start queuing things you search for when your connection gets spotty. When you get back online, Google will run the search in the background and notify you about search results when they’re ready. To know if you already have this feature, you should see a “Manage searches” option in the slide-out menu. There you will be able to see any pending searches you may have. Source: Android Police Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google Search Email Article in Android, Android apps, Google, Mobile, News, app news Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented By threatening Donald Trump, Anonymous is doing our dirty laundry for us, and that isn’t right By Anirudh Regidi 11   Comments Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 8   Comments Vodafone announces SuperNet 4G plans: 4GB data priced at Rs 250 and 22GB for Rs 999 By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments Moon Express receives permission to start mining operations on the Moon By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India from Rs 9,999; goes on sale 23 January By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Android Wear 2.0 arriving on 9 February alongside two new smartwatches #Android Wear 0 By tech2 News Staff /  18 Jan 2017 , 10:24 The Android Wear 2.0 update was announced last year and was said to bring in features like a full Qwerty keyboard, standalone Google Play Store, new material UI and many more. It never launched on time as Google took a decision to launch developer preview updates so bugs could be ironed out. If you have been patiently waiting for the next Android Wear update for your smartwatch, here is some good news. According to a report, Google will finally launch Android Wear 2.0 at a special event on 9 February. Two new smartwatches will also be launched, both of which will be made by LG. The report comes from well known tipster, Evan Blass who confirmed the launch on his Twitter account. The two new smartwatches will be made by LG, one of the first Android Wear smartwatch makers. The LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style will be the first devices that will run on the new Android Wear 2.0 platform. This leak coincides with a previous report that confirmed Google to be working with a hardware company to launch two new smartwatches. Mark your calendar: Android Wear 2.0 launches on February 9th. — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 17, 2017 First Android Wear 2.0 devices revealed: Google and LG's Watch Sport and Watch Style https://t.co/6Oc7LuoYu3 [image credit: Android Police] pic.twitter.com/NO8rk1rYwS — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 17, 2017 Considering the launch period, we can expect the LG Watch Sport and the Watch Style to hit the upcoming MWC show in Barcelona. According to Venture Beat, the products should start selling in the US on the following day of the launch. Information about the upcoming LG smartwatches had broken last year where Android Police had published mockups which were claimed to be very similar to the upcoming products. Expect the Watch Sport to be 14.2mm in thickness available in titanium and dark blue colour options while the 10.8mm thick Watch Style will come with swappable straps and titanium, silver, and rose gold colour variants. Both will have circular OLED displays, with the Watch Sport having a 1.38 inch, 480×480 resolution display and the Watch Style will have a 1.2-inch, 360×360 face. The Sport will also offer more RAM (768MB versus 512MB), and a larger battery (430mAh versus 240mAh). Tags: Android Wear, Android Wear 2.0, Google, LG, LG Watch Sport, SmartWatch Also read All you need to know about Android Wear 2.0 from Google I/O 2016 Google will announce two new high-end Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches early next year X Recommended For You Google will announce two new high-end Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches early next year Google acquires Cronologics to help grow Android Wear platform Smartwatch shipments decline 51.6 percent in Q3 2016: IDC Alleged HTC ‘Halfbeak’ Android Wear watch images surface online, but it’s already missed the party Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #NASA Jan 19, 2017 NASA is preparing “Psyche” mission to send a spacecraft to a giant “metal” asteroid #Tejas Jan 19, 2017 HAL Tejas to make its debut run during the Republic Day Parade #Quantum Physics Jan 19, 2017 China reports that the Chinese QUESS quantum communications satellite is finally operational #Xiaomi Jan 19, 2017 After Mi Notebook Air, Xiaomi gunning for the lightest notebook with magnesium-lithium chassis #Alibaba Jan 19, 2017 UCWeb, Alibaba’s Mobile Business Group will invest Rs 2 billion in India and Indonesia SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Google Android Wear 2.0 to launch on February 9 with LG smartwatches Google Android Wear 2.0 to launch on February 9 with LG smartwatches Android Wear 2.0 from Google will be unveiled on February 9, and two new LG watches will be showcased as well By: Tech Desk | Published:January 18, 2017 10:37 am Android Wear 2.0 from Google will launch on February 9 with new watches from LG supporting the platform. (Representational image. Source: Google Android Wear) Smartwatches might have had a terrible 2016, but it looks like 2017 will see the launch of the Android Wear 2.0 platform, and February 9 is the date when the new platform will be unveiled. According to a tweet from Evan Blass, known as evleaks on Twitter, Google’s Android Wear 2.0 will be unveiled on February 9, and the first devices will be Google and LG’s Watch Sport and Watch Style. It looks like Google has some serious plans to boost Android Wear 2.0, and in a more detailed report on VentureBeat, Blass says the two watches will start retailing the next day in the US, and will eventually be introduced to other markets over the coming months. The idea that Google is working on its own exclusive range of smartwatches is not new, and was first reported in July last year. In an interaction with The Verge, Android Wear’s product manager Jeff Chang had confirmed plans that Google will launch new smartwatches in the first quarter of 2017, which will be running Android Wear 2.0. Also read: Google to launch two flagship Android Wear smartwatches in 2017 Google has already confirmed which existing watches will be getting an upgrade to the Android Wear 2.0 platform. The list includes: Moto 360 Gen 2, Moto 360 Sport, LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE, LG Watch Urbane, LG G Watch R; Polar M600, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch, Nixon Mission, Tag Heuer Connected, Fossil Q Wander, Fossil Q Marshal, Fossil Q Founder, Michael Kors Access Bradshaw Smartwatch, Michael Kors Access Dylan Smartwatch, Huawei Watch, Huawei Watch Ladies, Asus ZenWatch 2 and Asus ZenWatch 3. Another report in Android Police last year had also confirmed about the two Google branded Android Wear watches, which will feature LTE, GPS and a heart-rate sensor. The report said the larger device is code-named Angelfish, and will have a 43.5mm dial and will come matte dark finish “titanium” colour, while the smaller one is code-named Swordfish, and will feature a single button centered on the right side. Mockups of the two new LG watches were also leaked last year, and these will be iOS compatible as well. Check out Evan Blass’ tweet below Mark your calendar: Android Wear 2.0 launches on February 9th. — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 17, 2017 Google has already taken some time with Android Wear 2.0, and it won’t be surprising if wants to launch watches, where the focus is on the software and Google-bits, just like it has done with the Pixel smartphones. For now, it doesn’t look the watches will have a Google-only branding like the phones. But overall 2016 hasn’t been a great year for Android Wear as a platform. It was reported last year that Lenovo was delaying the Motorola Moto 360 third edition and the company confirmed that wearables still don’t have the kind of pull to justify creating new products on a yearly basis. Plus it didn’t help that the smartwatch market saw a massive drop in sales numbers for 2016. It will be interesting to see how Google pitches these new devices and whether they will end up boosting sales of smartwatches. With Android Wear 2.0, Google is promising a lot more capabilities, like in-app billing support, the capability of browsing the Play Store on the watch to install more apps, swipe to dismiss, seamless authentication and other features. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Google LG Best of Express Tamil Nadu: Jallikattu protesters keep up pressure, govt mulls options EntertainmentEXCLUSIVE Shah Rukh Khan on Raees: Chose him because he is real, not sexy EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra on Donald Trump presidency: I am an Indian, are you scared? EntertainmentSwami Om on Bigg Boss 10 finale: I will break Salman Khan's bones EntertainmentRangoon's Ye Ishq Hai: Kangana, Shahid song envelopes you Must Read SportsIndia vs England Live Score SportsDhoni scores 100, first since leaving captaincy SportsYuvraj scores first ODI ton since 2011 WC TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 review+video: Here comes the dependable one TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 leaked glass panels hint at minimal bezels TechnologySamsung to LG, companies are betting big on foldable smartphones LifestyleDeepika Padukone looks 'fierce and hot' at The Late Late Show With James Corden Jan 19: Latest News Australian Open: Serena Williams steamrolls Lucie Safarova to reach third round BMC polls: Shiv Sena’s promises show it has failed to run administration, says NCP Jharkhand: 1 Cong, 3 JMM MLAs suspended for unruly behaviour in Assembly last year Controversial RJD leader Shahabuddin’s sharpshooter Mohammad Kaif gets bail LG Anil Baijal instructs Traffic Police to decongest city’s roads                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App Hindi Google Pixel 2 image renders leaked? By: Nirupam Manik, The Mobile Indian, New Delhi Last updated : Thursday, January 19, 2017 - 18:30 While this might be just a prototype design or one of those fancy looking Photoshop artwork, based on the renders, we can clearly see a physical design overhaul. We are not even half way through and the image renders of the next Google Pixel device is already hovering over the internet. The renders come from a Chinese website Anzuho and we highly recommend you to take these leaks with a decent degree of doubt as the official launch is likely to happen in Q4 2017. While this might be just a prototype design or one of those fancy looking Photoshop artwork, based on the renders, we can clearly see a physical design overhaul. The back of the device is now full glass with the antenna bands positioned at the edges. However, given the device comes with a glass back, the antenna bands seems to be unnecessarry as glass itself is a good receptor of signals. Further, the bezels at the front seems to have been squeezed out as well, especially the top and bottom chin which was highly criticised on the original Google Pixel. The power button and volume rockers appear to be located on the right. Interestingly, the image renders reveals a USB Type-C port at the bottom with a 3.5 mm headphone jack at the top. The camera and LED flash has shifted to the centre aligning with the fingerprint scanner at the back. As far as specifications are concerned, we don't have any strong sources who have come out and claimed any more information about the next Google Pixel. Nevertheless, we expect the device to come with recently introduced Snapdragon 835 chipset with 6GB of RAM. Also, it will.come with the next version of Android as well i.e Android O. Talking about the current Google Pixel, the smartphone comes with a 5-inch 1080p AMOLED display, while the Pixel XL sports a 5.5-inch Quad-HD AMOLED display. On the inside, both the devices come with a 2.15 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor with Adreno 530 GPU. Both the devices come with 4GB of RAM and 32GB / 128GB of internal storage which is not expandable in both the cases. For the camera, both the Pixel and the Pixel XL feature a 12.3-megapixel camera at the back coupled with an 8-megapixel shooter at the front. Regarding the battery, while the Google Pixel comes with a 2770 mAh battery, the bigger Pixel XL packs a 3450 mAh battery. Both the smartphones has a 3.5 mm headphone jack and both of them share all the necessary connectivity options. Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 images Google Pixel 2 renders Google Pixel 2 specifications Smartphones Android First Published : Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - 10:25 Similar News Android Wear 2.0 along with two LG smartwatches to be unveiled on February 9 Google Pixel now available on Snapdeal with exciting offers Google accepts audio distortion issue on Pixel devices Google finally rollouts Android 7.1.1 Nougat update for Nexus 6 Google Assistant is coming to Android TV and more, confirms Google Google Play launches carrier billing for Airtel and Vodafone customers Hot Trend on TMI Lava A50, A55 launched at Rs 3,999 and Rs 4,399 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India starting at Rs 9,999 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro-First Tango Project Phone launching in India today at Rs 29,990 LG G6 to be unveiled on February 26 at MWC OnePlus 3 now receiving OxygenOS 4.0.2 update, fixes Google PlayStore issue Sony Xperia XA successor surface again Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement Hot Trends on TMI Xiaomi Redmi Note 4-Review Lava A50, A55 launched at Rs 3,999 and Rs 4,399 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India starting at Rs 9,999 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro-First Tango Project Phone launching in India today at Rs 29,990 LG G6 to be unveiled on February 26 at MWC Latest on TMI 01 Lava A50, A55 launched at Rs 3,999 and Rs 4,399 02 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India starting at Rs 9,999 03 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro-First Tango Project Phone launching in India today at Rs 29,990 04 LG G6 to be unveiled on February 26 at MWC 05 OnePlus 3 now receiving OxygenOS 4.0.2 update, fixes Google PlayStore issue Latest Mobiles Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Rs.8490 Lenovo P2 3GB RAM Rs.16999 Lenovo P2 4GB RAM Rs.17999 Swipe Konnect Grand Rs.2799 Samsung Galaxy J1 4G Rs.6890 Xolo Era 2X 2GB RAM Rs.6666 Advertisement   Know Us about us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media SEJ SUMMIT Tools Advertise Traffic From Google Home App Considered Direct Traffic in Google Analytics News· Mobile Search January 17, 2017 Mobile Search News Matt SouthernJanuary 17, 2017 SEJ STAFF 575SHARES 1.5KREADS 575SHARES 1.5KREADS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 575SHARES 1.5KREADS It has been discovered that Google Analytics is reading clicks from the Google Home app as direct traffic. This was brought to people’s attention by an SEO named Max Prin on Twitter, where he also shared a screenshot: FYI, traffic from the #GoogleHome app (“Related to your activity” cards) is considered as direct. #SEO #VoiceSearch pic.twitter.com/KLO3uh1cud — Max Prin (@maxxeight) January 11, 2017 When you ask the Google Home device a question and it responds with a direct answer, it has to get that information from somewhere. Those answers usually come from information contained on a web page in Google’s index. In the Google Home companion app for iPhone and Android, within the Discover tab, you can find a history of your recent queries and a link to the website where the direct answer was sourced from. Tapping on the “Visit Website” button will bring you to the original source. Google Analytics should arguably be considering this traffic as organic because the website was originally discovered using a Google search. However, as you can see in the tweet shared above, Google Analytics is counting it as direct traffic. Typically, direct traffic is only counted when someone manually enters a URL into the address bar of their browser, which makes this discovery a bit of an oddity. Google may adjust this in the future, but for the time being Google is considering all traffic from the Google Home app as direct traffic. Keep that in mind as you monitor your analytics — a rise in direct traffic could very well mean more people are using the Google Home app to find your content. Related Posts SEO 101: How to Use Google Analytics to Analyze Organic Search Traffic Google Home: Release Date, Pricing, and Top Search Features How to Identify Dark Traffic on Analytics Google Webmaster Tools to Deliver More Precise Data With Search Analytics Report ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Matt Cutts Resigns from Google, Confirms He’s Staying With the US Digital Service - January 19, 2017 Google Acquires Fabric, a Mobile App Development Platform - January 18, 2017 Bing Ads Now Lets You Schedule When Ad Extensions are Displayed in Search - January 18, 2017 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar The Top Backlink Profiles of 2017 & How They Were Built Wed. January 25th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Noelle Federico on How to Really Stand Out on Instagram See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th 25.3K reads 1/9/2017 2 101 Quick & Actionable SEO Tips That Are HUGE 10.6K reads 12/22/2016 3 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 10.4K reads 1/1/2017 4 Big 2017 Social Media Marketing Trends You Need to Know 9.4K reads 12/20/2016 5 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 7.0K reads 12/25/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Sergey Grybniak Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Allo 5.0 teardown reveals new features, some activated and some hidden Newsby Brian Reigh1 day ago 27 680 26 The folks over at 9to5Google have found some interesting features that are coming with the latest Allo 5.0 update, some already activated like Chrome Custom Tabs, and some hidden for later. See also: Are you one of the 10 million who have installed Google Allo? December 15, 2016 In their usual APK teardown, 9to5Google has given us a glimpse into what features are coming with the latest Google Allo update. The most obvious addition is Chrome Custom Tabs: essentially an in-app browser, now when you click on a web link, you will be able to see it within the Allo app, not unlike what Facebook or Slack has done. That way, it saves you the time of switching back and forth between apps. The top bar of the in-app browser even matches your chatroom theme! Of course, if you prefer it to open up your default browser, you can disable the feature in settings. Now, there are other features other than Chrome Custom Tabs, but it seems like Google isn’t quite ready to flip the switch on for those. One of them is a button that can generate stickers based on your selfie. Although it’s not clear how this will work – or even how well this will work – the basic idea is that you will get a sticker pack that is based on your very own face. Google will reportedly then ask you for your feedback so that it can improve its algorithm. Although it’s not clear how this will work – or even how well this will work – the basic idea is that you will get a sticker pack that is based on your very own face. According to 9to5Google, there are some indications that Google may be considering recruiting beta testers more actively in the future, and there is also evidence that Google will be prompting users to rate the app in the Play Store (although that may or may not have been activated already). If you are not using Allo and would like to try it, feel free to click the button below to download it! Download Allo from Play Store What are your thoughts on Google’s selfie-based sticker pack? Cool or creepy? Let us know by leaving a comment down below! News Google Allo Google Allo  9to5Google Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile technology. He is currently a student at Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH. Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 27 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago56 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Last year’s worst passwords were just as bad as ever 6 minutes ago   PSA: Galaxy S7 defaults to Full HD after Nougat update, here’s how to c... 2 hours ago   Ex-Huawei employees arrested for leaking secrets to LeEco and Coolpad 3 hours ago   The Nokia 6 took one minute to sell out 4 hours ago   EA brings action title WarFriends to Android, download it for free today 5 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand For-Profit College Says Fired Admin Demanded $200,000 to Reset School Password Hudson Hongo | Gizmodo MediaJan 18, 2017, 08.20 AM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit justiceImage Credit Photo: AP According to a lawsuit by the online American College of Education (ACE), a former employee effectively held the company's email system hostage after he was fired last spring, locking the for-profit college out and asking for $200,000 before he would help it get back in. Last year, the school says it began eliminating IT workers until Triano Williams was left as its sole system administrator. In April, he, too, was let go. When students returned for classes, however, they found themselves unable to access their school email accounts or coursework. The college says it tried to log into the email system's Google administrator account, but was locked out after too many failed attempts. From the Indy Star: School officials asked Google for help. Google, the college said, refused to grant access to anyone other than Williams, who was listed as the account's sole administrator. When officials called Williams, he directed them to his lawyer. "In order to amicably settle this dispute, Mr. Williams requires a clean letter of reference and payment of $200,000," attorney Calvita J. Frederick wrote in a letter to the college's attorney. For his part, Williams says that the password the school sought was autosaved on a work computer he returned to the college, which lost access as a result of its own errors. (The school claims Williams erased the computer before giving it back.) Furthermore, Williams says that the $200,000 he requested was intended as an out-of-court settlement for a pending racial discrimination claim against the company. "ACE through several of its employees and administrators contacted Williams and asked his assistance in resolving the issue, which requests were refused by Williams, who was no longer an ACE employee," wrote a lawyer representing Williams in his own lawsuit. "ACE offered no compensation to Williams for the task they wanted him to perform after termination." In the end, it will be up to the courts decide who's to blame over the mishap, but one fact is beyond dispute: Hell hath no fury like a sysadmin scorned. [USA Today] FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: justiceLawITfor profit colleges Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryJulian Assange Doubles Down on Dumbass Promise to Turn Himself In Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Drug Maker Who Jacked Up Cost of Baby Medicine 85,000 Percent Still Isn't Sorry Japanese Toilet Makers Agree to Simplify Control Buttons for Confused Foreigners Moth With Scaly Head and Weird Dick Named in Honor of Donald Trump Related stories Report: Apple Rejected Justice Department Demands for Encrypted iMessages Justice Department Tweet Calls CNN 'Biggest Troll of Them All' Panama Papers Law Firm IT Employee Detained On Suspicion Of Data Theft Justice! The Fire Hydrant That Earned NYC $33,000 a Year Is No More Google News Is Closing in Spain Because of Copyright Law Welp, We Need to Update Godwin's Law Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 review: The heir apparent From EDM to Funk Pop, Our top 7 picks on what should go in your playlist this 2017 10 years of the iPhone: How Apple changed the way we communicate Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Hot Right Now Idiot Tasked With Maintaining America's Nukes Surprised to Learn What His Job Is ... What the Hell Happened to Mozilla and Firefox? Drug Maker Who Jacked Up Cost of Baby Medicine 85,000 Percent Still Isn't Sorry ... We Finally Know What's Causing Namibia's Mysterious Fairy Circles ... Scientists Feed Cows Onions to Make Them Stop Farting So Much Methane ... Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social That not-so-great Nokia phone just received 250,000 pre-orders in 24 hours Redmi Note 4 to be a Flipkart exclusive: Report Redmi Note 4 to be a Flipkart exclusive: Report Leaked: Galaxy X1 and X1 Plus are Samsung's new Android flip phones Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launching in India tomorrow: Why it could be different from China model Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 7499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
All Sections News Politics Analysis Entertainment Lifestyle Breakfast With HuffPost Blogs Feedback Terms | Privacy Policy COPYRIGHT عربي (Arabic) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States EDITION IN عربي (Arabic) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States News Narendra Modi Kashmir Elections World US Elections The Morning Wrap Business Blogs Viral Video Delhi Police Commissioner, Alok Verma, Set To Be The Next Chief Of CBI AR Rahman To Fast, Tamil Superstars To Join Protests Against Jallikattu Ban After Tri-Coloured Doormat, Amazon Now Withdraws 'Offensive' Flip-Flops Zakir Naik's IRF Has 78 Bank Accounts, Real Estate Worth ₹ 100 Crore, Says NIA Politics Congress BJP AAP CPM Narendra Modi Rahul Gandhi Arvind Kejriwal Mayawati Uttar Pradesh Punjab After Rahul Gandhi Flaunts His Torn Kurta Onstage, Karnataka BJP Workers Gift Him A New One Between Hanuman And Hindi Movies, Indian Languages Shine At JLF 2017 Bungalow That Housed APJ Abdul Kalam Will Become President Pranab Mukherjee's Home Post Retirement Congress Files Complaint With EC Against PM Modi For Violating Model Code Of Conduct Analysis Shivam Vij R. Jagannathan G. Pramod Kumar T.S. Sudhir Sandip Roy Arati R Jerath Why Fights On Twitter To Protect Indian Pride By Govt Officials Are Messy And Unwinnable Mamata Might Be Upset With The BJP, But The Millions Scammed By Rose Valley Must Be The Focus It's Almost 2017 And Indian Restaurants Are Still Turning Away Gay Couples Why Actor Gautami's Open Letter To PM Modi On Jayalalithaa's Death Has Backfired Badly Entertainment Bollywood Comedy Viral Video Reviews Filmfare And Harshvardhan Kapoor Are Locked In A Crazy Twitter Battle Over The Best Debut Actor Award Amazon Video Has Signed 14 Top Indian Stand-up Comics, Promises Zero Censorship Yuvraj Singh Just Scored A Century After 6 Years, And Twitter Can't Stop Gushing Lilly Singh Works The Hell Out Of The People's Choice Awards Red Carpet Lifestyle Tech What's Working Books Style Food Travel Karan Johar And His Ilk Will Keep Getting Away With Paying Women Less For A Long, Long Time NamAHHHste: Beer Yoga Is Just What The World Has Been Waiting For 'Excuse Me, We're Indian Parents, And We Don't Kiss And Hug In Front Of People' Air Pollution Contributed To Over 80,000 Deaths In Delhi And Mumbai In 2015: Study Breakfast With HuffPost Amitabh Kant Rajan Anandan Sonam Kapoor Ramachandra Guha Sudarshan Shetty Vanitha Narayanan The Data Is Unambiguous, Loyalty Is Being Built: Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal Almost Everything That People Think They Know About The Kohinoor Is False: William Dalrymple Paytm Is About To Let People Withdraw Money Out Of Thin Air India's Relationship With Money Has Changed Dramatically: Chanda Kochhar Blogs Delhi Police Commissioner, Alok Verma, Set To Be The Next Chief Of CBI Filmfare And Harshvardhan Kapoor Are Locked In A Crazy Twitter Battle Over The Best Debut Actor Award AR Rahman To Fast, Tamil Superstars To Join Protests Against Jallikattu Ban After Tri-Coloured Doormat, Amazon Now Withdraws 'Offensive' Flip-Flops MORE The Morning Wrap Analysis Business Tech What's Working Books Style Food Bollywood Comedy Social Media Travel Video Viral iOS App Android App TECH Android Wear 2.0 Is Here: Likely To Be Launched With Two New LG Smartwatches On 9 February Google and LG have collaborated to make LG Sports and LG Style. 18/01/2017 9:15 AM IST | Updated 18/01/2017 10:30 AM IST Ivan Mehta Tech News Editor NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Android Police ADVERTISEMENT After Google confirmed that the much awaited Android Wear 2.0 is being launched next month, it looks like we have a date now. The wearable platform upgrade is going to be officially launched on 9 February with two new smartwatches from LG. Android Wear is a version of Google's Android operating system designed especially for smartwatches and other wearable devices. Reporter Evan Blass tweeted the information on the Android Wear 2.0 launch, along with the information on the new watches being produced by Google and LG in partnership. Mark your calendar: Android Wear 2.0 launches on February 9th. — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 17, 2017 Blass confirmed that the renders, i.e. computer generated images of the watches, leaked by the Android Police last year are similar to how the actual watches are going to look. The smartwatches are being christened LG Sports and LG Style respectively, and they will have plastic OLED displays which is a signature for LG watches. Both watches will have waterproofing ratings of IP68 and IP67 respectively as reported by Venture Beat, and an Apple Watch like digital crown on their sides. The Sports is the higher end model with a 1.38-inch screen, a 430 mAh battery, and 768 MB RAM capacity. It will also have LTE capabilities to make calls, a heart-rate sensor, as well as GPS and NFC chips. The Style variant has a smaller 1.2-inch display, a 240 mAh battery, and is supported by 512 MB RAM capacity. It is likely to be targeted towards first-time users with attractive pricing. Both variants have a 4 GB internal storage capacity. Both watches will also have Google Assistant integration, and it'd be worth watching whether the on-watch app store helps Android Wear 2.0 devices gain any advantage over the Apple Watch. MORE: Android Wear Apple Watch Google Google Assistant Lg Tech Suggest a correction Contact Us Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Your Name Your Email What is the correction? Describe the error here. 1000 characters remaining Sign up for The Morning Email Send Cancel More On This Topic Tech NASA Is Sending An Aircraft For Studying An Asteroid To Uncover The Secrets Of Creation Tech Indian Government And Apple Are In A Tax Discount Deadlock At The Moment Tech Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Launched In India With 4100 mAh Battery At ₹9,999 Tech Futuristic Transport Promoter Hyperloop One To Host Global Showcase Event In Delhi Tech Micromax Launches New Vdeo Smartphones Under ₹7000 With Jio SIM Tech SummerLabel, An App That Aims To Be The Zomato Of Clothes Shopping Advertisement Trending Delhi’s Children Need The Government To Take Charge before It’s Too Late Banned By Law, Cockfighting Spawns A Multi-Crore Betting Business In Andhra Pradesh Exclusive: India Has Just Bought $3 Billion Worth Of Emergency Weapons And Ammunition 30 Offbeat Indian Destinations That Will Blow Your Senses Amazon Video Has Signed 14 Top Indian Stand-up Comics, Promises Zero Censorship How Misogyny And Lies Define The Pro-Jallikattu Movement Karan Johar And His Ilk Will Keep Getting Away With Paying Women Less For A Long, Long Time Bangalore’s The World’s Most ‘Dynamic’ City, But It’s Still Far From Being Among The ‘Best’ Pune Man Snuck Into Friend's House As A Woman For Seven Years To Carry On An Affair With His Wife I’m A Proud Tamizhan And I’m Against Jallikattu SUBSCRIBE AND FOLLOW Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day. Newsletters may offer personalized content or advertisements. Learn more Newsletter Please enter a valid email address Thank you for signing up! You should receive an email to confirm your subscription shortly. There was a problem processing your signup; please try again later Facebook Twitter Youtube Suggested For You RSS FAQ User Agreement Privacy About Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited (and its licensors). All rights reserved. Part of HPMG News Using a mobile device? Go to http://m.huffingtonpost.in/ for HuffPost Mobile.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Tech January 17, 2017 11:18 pm Mississippi sues Google for allegedly violating student privacy By Jeff Amy The Associated Press ; The Google logo on the newly-opened Google Office in the Sihlpost Building in Zurich, Switzerland on Jan. 18 2017. EPA/WALTER BIERI What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Mississippi’s Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. READ MORE: Appeals court rules Mississippi can resume Google inquiry “They’re building a profile so they can advertise to them,” Hood said. “They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that.” Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. What Canadians Googled the most in 2016 01:19 What Canadians Googled the most in 2016 02:18 BIV: New Canadian travel numbers, Google retail shop opens in Vancouver 04:14 Tech: Google rolls out new products 00:25 Google ranks Toronto among top 5 researched travel destinations 03:15 Google Trekker exploring Alberta The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state’s school districts using Google’s email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He’s advising parents to consult their local school systems. “When you give a written contract and you don’t follow it and you mine the data, then it’s a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It’s an unfair and deceptive trade practice,” he said. In this March 23, 2010, file photo, the Google logo is seen at the Google headquarters in Brussels. THE CANADIAN PRESS/AP Photo/Virginia Mayo Story continues below Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood’s inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. “You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside,” Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood’s ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs’ lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. READ MORE: Yahoo email scanning: Apple, Google, Microsoft say they’d fight similar requests in court A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood’s powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood’s use of civil lawsuits is a “rampant abuse” of his role. This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, file photo shows Google’s headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File “Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy” Baker said. “We’re the legislators, the setters of public policy. He’s the lawyer. He’s not also the client.” Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state’s Constitution. The attorney general’s victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody’s Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Google google lawsuit google lawsuit mississippi google lawsuit mississippi student privacy google mississippi google mississippi lawsuit google mississippi suit google suit mississippi lawsuit google mississippi lawsuit google Editor's Picks Canada Kevin O'Leary: 'If I don't deliver a majority mandate in 2019, fire me' Commentary Trump sets NATO on edge, but he's got a valid point to make Canada How this proposed US tax change could seriously hurt the Canadian economy Canada Reality check: Donald Trump says NATO members need to pay more. What is Canada paying? Canada Fake news: A real-life Cruella de Vil didn't skin dozens of Texas cats Canada Why Justin Trudeau’s trip to the Aga Khan’s island matters Consumer No, you do not have to pay a 'settlement fee' if you get an illegal download notice FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Animal cruelty investigation launched into Manitoba filmed movie ‘A Dog’s Purpose’ 21998 Donald Trump mad at fashion designer Tom Ford over Melania dis 16720 North Korea may test-launch ICBM during Trump inauguration: South Korean media 13020 Marla Maples, Tiffany Trump reportedly refuse to pay for beauty services 12997 30 feared dead after avalanche buries hotel in Italy 8422 Sponsored content Popular Videos Video shows interior of hotel hit by avalanche in Italy WATCH NOW Husband of Florence Leung makes emotional post about pressure on new moms WATCH NOW Passenger removed from Air Transat flight to Vancouver WATCH NOW Kevin O’Leary explains his vision for Canada, says he’s ‘coming’ for PM Trudeau WATCH NOW Rescuers struggle to reach avalanche hit hotel WATCH NOW Popular Now Animal cruelty investigation launched into Manitoba filmed movie ‘A Dog’s Purpose’ 21998 Donald Trump mad at fashion designer Tom Ford over Melania dis 16720 North Korea may test-launch ICBM during Trump inauguration: South Korean media 13020 Marla Maples, Tiffany Trump reportedly refuse to pay for beauty services 12997 30 feared dead after avalanche buries hotel in Italy 8422 Sponsored content Popular Videos Video shows interior of hotel hit by avalanche in Italy WATCH NOW Husband of Florence Leung makes emotional post about pressure on new moms WATCH NOW Passenger removed from Air Transat flight to Vancouver WATCH NOW Kevin O’Leary explains his vision for Canada, says he’s ‘coming’ for PM Trudeau WATCH NOW Rescuers struggle to reach avalanche hit hotel WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 17 GOOG: 804.61 -3.27 Google app now saves searches made offline & performs them when a connection is regained Abner Li - Jan. 17th 2017 6:22 pm PT @technacity Apps & Updates Google app View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit One area of focus that Google has been particularly working on for its apps and services has been better offline functionality. The latest feature of the Google app on Android queues searches made offline and automatically runs them when a connection is regained. Aimed at alleviating spotty connectivity, like on subways, searches that failed to run will now be saved: Mobile networks can sometimes be inconsistent or spotty, which means that even if you have a connection when you start your search, it might fail before you get your results back. With this change, search results are saved as soon as they are retrieved, even if you lose connection afterwards or go into airplane mode. Once a connection is re-established, the Google app will send a notification noting that a search result is ready for viewing. Tapping it will take users to a pre-loaded, streamlined results page that still features cards for weather and stock prices. The search listing notes how recent the results are and includes a quick button to refresh. Additionally, Google notes that this feature is light on battery and data usage. Saved offline search requires the latest version of the Google app, though the feature does not yet appear to be live for me.   Guides Google app View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content SIGN IN | REGISTER WEBINARS SOCIAL NETWORKS 6 Ways to Build Customer Loyalty with Great Social Support 3 Ways to Maximize Your Content Reach on LinkedIn YouTube Testing New In-App Chat Function to Boost Social Activity Facebook Updates Desktop Messaging Inbox, Deepens Connection to Messenger Google Releases New Update for Google+. Yes, Google+. Reminder: Today is the Last Day of Vine as You Know it How to Migrate to the New Facebook Tracking Pixel 6 Tips to Help You Rise Above the Noise in Social Media The Most Discussed Issues on Facebook and Instagram in December [Infographic] Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Twitter MARKETING 3 Ways to Find New Opportunities with Google Analytics 5 Influencer Marketing Trends to Prepare For in 2017 The Business of Bots: Why Snapchat’s Snapbot is Smart Marketing 5 Ways to Make an Impact on Travel Social Media Marketing How to Create a 360-Degree Digital Marketing Strategy [Infographic] From Skip to Follow: How to Boost Campaign Performance with Permission Marketing How Co-Creation is Fueling The Future of Marketing Content Marketing Predictions for 2017 from 5 Top Influencers [Video] 3 Big Reasons to Invest in Data Driven Marketing Advertising Content Marketing Ecommerce Influence ROI TECHNOLOGY & DATA How to Protect Your Business's Digital Presence How Brands can Tap Into the Internet of Things to Maximize Opportunities The Top 15 SEO Tools of 2016 [Infographic] How to Get Started with 360 Degree Videos 19 Technologies Gen Z Wouldn’t Recognize [Infographic] What Do Millennials Really Want From Mobile Apps? [Infographic] Fake News is a Problem on Facebook, but the Echo Chamber Effect is More Significant Google's Guide to Thanksgiving [Infographic] Biometric Data – Will Future Marketers be able to Target Your Emotions? Analytics Big Data Marketing Automation Security Social Tools Tech and Innovation SOCIAL BUSINESS Visual Communication: The Next Step in Marketing [Infographic] Pinterest Announces Ad Groups for Campaigns Facebook’s Messenger Chief Outlines What’s Coming Next for the Platform Facebook to Stop Paying for Exclusive Live-Stream Content – What Does That Mean? Siri vs Google Assistant: The Battle of the Smartphone Assistants [Infographic] Facebook Highlights Latest Trending Topics from Across the Network [Infographic] Why are Social Platforms Always Prompting You to Share Random Updates? 7 Resolutions Every Marketer Should Make for 2017 [Infographic] 4 Content Discovery Platforms You May Not Be Aware Of Community Customer Service Employee Advocacy Leadership Small Business Social Organization EVENT NEWSLETTER MY SMT Social Media Today is here with the latest news and insights for social media professionals - Our newsletter delivers all that to you daily Explore more:  Google plus Google Plus Communities Google+ Google+ Business Pages Google Releases New Update for Google+. Yes, Google+. January 17, 2017 Andrew Hutchinson Google has today released a new update for Google+. That’s right, Google+, the search giant’s big shot at Facebook, their attempt at making a bigger, smarter social network that focused on real connections and conversations. Yes, Google+ still exists, and while it’s hard to know, for sure, how many people actually use it, as of the platform’s latest update last August, Google noted that more than 1.6 million people were still signing up to Google+ communities every day. That seems like a lot, but through the various audience breakdowns and analysis points, all the figures indicate that millions of people are still active on the platform. And Google likely wouldn’t support the product at all if usage rates were too low. So what additional features is Google rolling out? Here’s a breakdown of the new tools. 1. Hiding Low Quality Comments I personally don’t use Google+ a lot these days, but whenever I do log in, I always have a flood of spam notifications and requests. Given Google’s direct connection to search, it’s not surprising that there would be a lot of scammers on there trying to work out how to use the platform to boost their search rank (spoiler: it probably won’t help). Google's now recognized this as a problem, and the first of the new Google+ updates relates to ‘low quality comments’ and eradicating them from your streams. “We’re making it easier to have good conversations by hiding lower quality comments on posts, so you can focus on the comments that matter most. If you’d like to see all the comments on a post, you can always click or tap “View more comments.” Comment quality has been a big focus in social of late, with both Instagram and Twitter introducing improved keyword moderation filters, and Facebook working on improving their AI detection systems to eliminate questionable material before humans ever have to see it. Google+ may not be on the same level of those platforms, but they’re clearly also seeing similar problems. This update works to fix that, while also highlighting how Google’s systems are able to detect and eliminate spam content. 2. Image Zoom As per the big Google+ refresh back in November 2015, the focus of the platform is now on Communities (as noted above) and Collections, which enables users to create groups of posts on a particular topic that can then be shared publicly or with specific sets of people. A big element of Collections is images, and image quality has become a much bigger focus for Google+, particularly with the ongoing development of Google Photos.   Along this line, Google has also announced that they’re adjusting Google+ to make best use of the available screen real estate, showing less white space and more posts. In addition, they’re also adding zoom functionality to photos on Google+. Instagram added similar functionality in September last year - Google’s zoom addition, meanwhile, directly aligns with the advancing development of their image presentation capabilities. On this, Google also has a new image compression technique called RAISR (Rapid and Accurate Image Super Resolution), which can use up to 75% less bandwidth without sacrificing image quality. As per Google: “Traditionally, viewing images at high resolution has also meant using lots of bandwidth, leading to slower loading speeds and higher data costs. For many folks, especially those where data is pricey or the internet is spotty, this is a significant concern.” The only catch with this is that the functionality is only available in Google+. Given this, the new G+ zoom capacity fits perfectly into this advanced image capability, and where Google is focusing with the platform. 3. Google Events And the last addition is actually a re-introduction of an old function – Google's bringing back G+ Events. “…beginning January 24th you’ll be able to create and join events on Google+ web as you have in the past. Please note that Events will not be available for G Suite at this time.” Given the popularity of Google+ Communities, the re-introduction of Events makes sense. Google removed Events as part of the de-emphasizing of Google+, which started with the roll back of the requirement to have a G+ profile to comment on YouTube videos back in July 2015. 4. Retiring Old Web Version Along with these new tools, Google's also announced that the classic Google+ format will be retired on January 24th. “With this latest round of updates, we believe the new Google+ is really your Google+ - designed around your suggestions, requests and needs. It also means it’s time to say goodbye to classic Google+ on the web, which we’ll be turning down on January 24.” Back in November 2015, Google announced the new look Google+, with a new layout and functions. But Google didn’t make switching across to this new format compulsory - you could still log-on and use Google+ as you always had, with an option to view the platform in the new style, if you chose. Now, that’s changing – if you log onto Google+ after January 24th, you’ll be on the new version. The change is not huge, though if you haven’t logged onto Google+ for a while it could be a surprise. It’s still hard to see what the true value of Google+ is, or the position it takes in the wider social media landscape. Definitely, new tools like RAISR make it more appealing, but then again that’s always been the lure of Google+, that you sign up only to use other tools, not the network itself. That being the case, it’s hard to see the network ever becoming more than what it currently is – and what it currently is is a set of communities, which have always thrived on Google+, and some new image enthusiasts signing on to chat. And more than that, it’s not particularly clear what Google plans to do next with the platform – though they do note that: “Our aim is to make Google+ the best place to connect around the things you care about, so please use the “Send Feedback” link in the apps and on the web to keep the feedback coming. We’re listening.” As such, Google+ remains something of a social media oddity. Cool tech tools, interesting add-on features. But in itself, not significantly valuable. It's still worth having a G+ presence because of the links to SEO, but what you'll get out of it will be defined by your own needs and interests. That said, it is worth investigating the platform's niche communities to determine it's potential value for your business.  Author Information Andrew Hutchinson Writer/Moderator @adhutchinson Sign up for the Social Media Today newsletter You'll get a daily email with the latest news, lessons, and insights on: Social Media Marketing Digital Strategy and more Yes, I'd like to receive Marketing Dive's daily newsletter as well. Preview   Related Items Google+: Worth It or a Waste of Time? Should You Cut Google+ Out of Your Marketing Strategy? Google Detaches YouTube from Google+ - The Next Step in the Dismantling of Google’s Social Network? Join The Conversation SIGN IN | REGISTER TO COMMENT Learn More Get Our Newsletter Download White Papers View Latest Infographics Read Marketing News Webinars On Demand The End of Manual Marketing: Using Data to Achieve Efficiency and Accuracy in PR and Communications January 25, 2017 While we’ve had access to the Internet since the early 1990s, we’ve only started to experience the full effects of its disruption on public rela... Social Media: The Rising Star for Your Digital Marketing Strategy December 07, 2016 It's finally happened, social media has grown up and sold out. And it's awesome. For digital marketers, the maturing advertising options on soci... Whitepapers How to Create Video at the Speed of Social: 6 Ways to Get Video Produced Faster Video is expected to account for three-quarters of all mobile traffic by 2020.  But, creating powerful, effective video requires a significa... Leveraging Psychology in Digital Marketing Marketers are constantly seeking to engage with their buyers and drive actions that help buyers move rapidly through their customer lifecycl... Contact Us If you have an editorial inquiry, please contact us at socialmediatoday@socialmediatoday.com If you have a technical question, please contact us at support_team@socialmediatoday.com For all other inquiries, please see our CONTACT PAGE About Us Community Guidelines Help Advertise/Sponsor Privacy Policy Terms of Use DMCA Takedown Policy Connect With SMT Twitter Linkedin Facebook Newsletter Google + Pinterest YouTube RSS Feed ©2016 socialmediatoday.com All rights reserved
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google+ is not dead, Classic look will soon be JC Torres - Jan 17, 2017 5 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Reports of Google+’s death are largely exaggerated, despite how some might want it to be. At least, that is definitely the vibe that Google is giving off by announcing a somewhat major refresh to its social network turned community platform. The new Google+ will make smarter use of space by hiding “low-quality” comments and taking advantage of huge, hi-res photos. Google is also bringing back Events functionality to the platform but is also on the verge of saying farewell to a classic look. Initially envisioned to take on the likes of Facebook and Twitter, Google+ never really reached mass adoption beyond the Google faithful as well as Android app communities. Google+ has, in fact, become more of a community hub for interest groups instead of a high-traffic social media outlet. Which is probably for the best, as it keeps Google+ more focused and the noise to signal ratio quite low. Still, unnecessary, sometimes even unfavorable, content still manages to come through at times, especially in the comments section. Using its world-renowned ranking algorithms, as well as feedback from other commenters, Google+ is now able to hide those lower quality comments from your list. Should you want to see them all, however, it’s just two taps or clicks away. Screens are getting larger, even on phones, so Google+ tries to make smarter use of the real estate. In addition to cramming as much content as possible, edging out the once ubiquitous whitespace, Google+ now also lets you zoom in on photos, which is great for high-resolution captures posted on the website. Perhaps most importantly, Google+ is getting its Events feature back, which will allow users to create as well as join events on the platform. At least on Google+ for the Web. Considering how Google+ has turned into a community hub, that’s pretty much a necessary feature. Google+, however, is also shedding off something. For far too long, it has supported the “Classic” look, bearing an aesthetic language before the days of Material Design. While Google+ already has a more modern theme, it has allowed users to switch back and forth between the two. Soon, however, the Classic theme will be gone for good and users who are either still on Classic or are switching to it will be greeted by big fat warnings that it will soon be the case. SOURCE: Google Tags AndroidgoogleGoogle Plussocial Must Read Bits & Bytes 5 games that’ll make Nintendo Switch a must-have QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget The FTC just sued Qualcomm for being anti-competitive Nokia 6 is almost here: here’s why you’ll want one Folding Surface Phone teased in new Microsoft patent Latest Headlines Here are all of the Samsung devices getting Nougat updates Jan 19, 2017 LG Music Flow to get Google Home, Multiroom next month Jan 19, 2017 Resident Evil 7 biohazard will be a Play Anywhere title Jan 19, 2017 Intel Baby Canyon NUC: Kaby Lake, Thunderbolt 3, Optane-ready Jan 19, 2017 Minecraft for Windows 10 Mobile will no longer be updated Jan 19, 2017 Latest Reviews QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD Controller Review (Gen 2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
    Follow Sign In press enter to search Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In Sign In HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In most viewed Reports: Mark Zuckerberg to visit Indonesia to discuss fake news Nope, Lindsay Lohan didn’t convert to Islam Harry Potter-themed café opens in Singapore Chinese star Andy Lau fractures spine from horse riding accident Three underrated Indonesian folktales that teach us a little more about life Science & Tech Users can now request Uber rides via Google Maps News Desk The Jakarta Post Jakarta | Wed, January 18, 2017 | 09:17 am Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    The integration between Uber and Google Maps is powered by Uber’s API, the company’s open platform for third-party developers to integrate Uber services into their own applications, as the company explains on its website. (Shutterstock/File) Uber has made ride-hailing a lot easier, as rides can now be requested via Google Maps.  The integration between Uber and Google Maps is powered by Uber’s API, the company’s open platform for third-party developers to integrate Uber services into their own applications, as the company explains on its website. “With this integration, you can request, complete a ride and pay for Uber without exiting from the Google Maps [app],” said Google senior product manager Sara McKinley Torti in a blog post. (Read also: Uber Indonesia rolls out new tourist-friendly feature) When choosing a transportation mode on Google Maps, users will be presented with a simpler interface of ride-sharing options, instead of a long, tedious list of ride service providers. The Uber icon will show in the lower part of the screen, and users can easily request an UberX, UberBlack, UberPool, or UberMotor -- a driver will be immediately searched afterwards. According to kompas.com, this newest ride service experience was launched on Jan. 12 on both Android and iOS globally, though it is reportedly not yet available for everyone, including Indonesian users. (mra/kes) Tags : Uber,ride-hailing-application,Google-Maps,Google follow JPLUS     Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories Entertainment 02:02 pm American Humane investigating treatment of dog in film Entertainment 01:42 pm 'Dangal' named highest grossing Bollywood movie of all time Entertainment 12:03 pm Upcoming Java Jazz eyes more festivalgoers NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Buzzkill Google: Don't play your music so loud if you don't like audio issues 1.2k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: dustin drankoski/mashable By Brett Williams2017-01-18 02:28:33 UTC The Google Pixel hit its first road bump early on as some users complained their devices were plagued with poor sound quality when the audio was was jacked to the highest level. When Redditor Mark "badmark" Buckman posted a video showcasing the issue while using the Perfect Piano app in December, the internet took notice.  After some in-house testing at Mashable HQ we confirmed the problem definitely exists, at least while using Perfect Piano. We heard pops and distortion when we turned it all the way up on one Pixel and two Pixel XL handsets we had on-hand running the app — but had no issues with playback on other audio-centric programs, like Spotify and Pandora.   In a message to Mashable's questions, Google acknowledged the problem exists and affects "audio quality for some apps." But according to an email that surfaced on Reddit yesterday, it might not be an issue with apps at all — a flaw in the Pixel's hardware could be behind of the spotty sound.  SEE ALSO: Google's biggest Android problem is also ruining emoji BGR spotted the exchange, which was posted to the r/Android subreddit by Buckman.  Image: badmark/imgur This message is quite a departure from Google's previous stance on the issue, and suggests the defect is a bigger problem than previously expected. If the hardware is faulty, a solution won't just be distributed via software updates — actual product exchanges will be necessary to give affected Pixel users new, functional devices.    When Mashable reached out to Google about the email exchange, however, the rep stuck to the company's original position. "This is currently a known issue and we are working to resolve it," they told us via email, denying the claims that any flaw in the hardware is to blame. "In the meantime, a temporary solution can be to not play your device at max volume."  You heard them, Pixel users. Google is trying to fix your phone's audio problems as soon as possible — but in the meantime, it's going to be a buzzkill and tell you to turn your tunes down.   BONUS: These are Google Pixel's weak spots Topics: audio, Google, Mobile, pixel phone, reddit, rumors, Tech, volume About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Buzzkill Google: Don't play your music so loud if you don't like audio issues 1.2k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: dustin drankoski/mashable By Brett Williams2017-01-18 02:28:33 UTC The Google Pixel hit its first road bump early on as some users complained their devices were plagued with poor sound quality when the audio was was jacked to the highest level. When Redditor Mark "badmark" Buckman posted a video showcasing the issue while using the Perfect Piano app in December, the internet took notice.  After some in-house testing at Mashable HQ we confirmed the problem definitely exists, at least while using Perfect Piano. We heard pops and distortion when we turned it all the way up on one Pixel and two Pixel XL handsets we had on-hand running the app — but had no issues with playback on other audio-centric programs, like Spotify and Pandora.   In a message to Mashable's questions, Google acknowledged the problem exists and affects "audio quality for some apps." But according to an email that surfaced on Reddit yesterday, it might not be an issue with apps at all — a flaw in the Pixel's hardware could be behind of the spotty sound.  SEE ALSO: Google's biggest Android problem is also ruining emoji BGR spotted the exchange, which was posted to the r/Android subreddit by Buckman.  Image: badmark/imgur This message is quite a departure from Google's previous stance on the issue, and suggests the defect is a bigger problem than previously expected. If the hardware is faulty, a solution won't just be distributed via software updates — actual product exchanges will be necessary to give affected Pixel users new, functional devices.    When Mashable reached out to Google about the email exchange, however, the rep stuck to the company's original position. "This is currently a known issue and we are working to resolve it," they told us via email, denying the claims that any flaw in the hardware is to blame. "In the meantime, a temporary solution can be to not play your device at max volume."  You heard them, Pixel users. Google is trying to fix your phone's audio problems as soon as possible — but in the meantime, it's going to be a buzzkill and tell you to turn your tunes down.   BONUS: These are Google Pixel's weak spots Topics: audio, Google, Mobile, pixel phone, reddit, rumors, Tech, volume About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s Pixel is still the hottest Android phone in town Chris Smith BGR NewsJanuary 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google’s pair of Pixel phones is a remarkable success for the company. Sure, they may have some flaws, but they’re still the hottest Android devices in town — if you can get one. A new report indicates that Pixel “demand is exceeding supply” at Verizon. Don't Miss: You can buy a handgun that looks like an iPhone, and cops are worried Big Red is still the only US carrier selling Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL smartphone, and the investment has been paying off for the company. Verizon committed a $25 million marketing budget for the phone after its launch and continues to promote the phone, although spending has cooled. According to Fierce Wireless, Wave7 Research data shows that the Pixel phones remained hot-selling devices even after the holidays. “Along with Apple, Samsung, and Droid, the Pixel/XL continues to be heavily advertised—on an equal footing with top OEMs—at a price point of $10 (Pixel) or $15 (XL) per month with trade-in of a high-end smartphone,” the firm noted. “It is clear that demand is exceeding supply.” The firm conducted a survey of 50 carrier stores last week, concluding that the Pixel accounted for 9.5% of smartphone sales at Verizon last month. And it’s not just Verizon subscribers that are buying the phone. The Pixel and Pixel XL can be used with other US carriers, and T-Mobile specifically targeted the handsets with a promotion not too long ago. “AT AT&T/T-Mobile/Sprint stores, 39% of reps (13 of 33) are aware of an average of ~2 Pixel activations each at these 13 stores,” Wave7 Research wrote. “Most Pixel XL SKUs are shipping in March and most Pixel SKUs are out of stock as well.” Comparatively, the iPhone 7 remained strong, Wave7 said, as the iPhone’s share of sales was up at every carrier other than Sprint. The iPhone 7 is slightly outselling the iPhone 7 Plus, the research company noted. “Sales of the iPhone 7 exceeded sales of the iPhone 7 Plus at all four carriers, but the gap narrowed significantly from prior months, now that iPhone 7 Plus supply is greatly improved,” Wave7 said. Trending right now: The Galaxy S8 might lose the fight against the iPhone before it even launches There’s something weird happening on Venus Apple might right the sinking MacBook ship this year See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 18 January 2017 | MYT 8:00 AM US lawmakers to study self-driving cars by tim lockette Driven to distraction: As self-driving cars like those from Google, Uber and Tesla and edge closer and closer to reality, regulators are forced to grapple with more questions than they have quick answers for, chief of which is, who pays when there's a collision? — Reuters Self-driving cars may be years away, but a handful of Alabama lawmakers are meeting this week to figure out how to make the state's roads ready for robots.  State Senator Tom Whatley, R-Auburn, said autonomous cars are indeed coming, and could change everything from insurance coverage to court funding to alcohol laws.  "With a self-driving car, I could get drunk at Damn Yankees, get in my car and say, 'Siri, take me home,'" he said. "But if there's a wreck, who's responsible?"  Whatley is the head of the Legislative Committee on Self Driving Vehicles, which will hold its first meeting Thursday in Auburn. The group is tasked with researching rules of the road for the era of robot cars.  For years, autonomous cars seemed to inhabit the space between science fiction and the Consumer Electronics Show. Google, Uber and Tesla have all tested autonomous cars on public roads, and Tesla offers an "autopilot" feature on some of its electric cars that can match the speed of other cars on an expressway and keep a car in a lane by itself, according to accounts in the press.  So far, only 11 states and the District of Columbia have enacted regulations to govern self-driving cars. In the others, including Alabama, it's legally risky at best to cruise down the road with your hands off the wheel. But self-driving technology is already here, Whatley said.  "Auburn (University) is already testing 18-wheelers going around the track at a facility here," Whatley said. Researchers are looking for ways to drive big rigs together in groups, Whatley said, almost like a train – an arrangement that could cut down on fuel costs. The Star's attempts to reach the National Center for Asphalt Technology, where Whatley said the testing is occurring, weren't successful.  Self-driving cars could change life more than most people realize, said Sen. Gerald Dial, R-Lineville, who's also on the committee. Dial foresees a world in which a car is something you call – like Uber – rather than own, even in a small town.  "It's coming," Dial said. "It's going to happen. In 20 years, you'll just dial up a car on your phone and it will pick you up and drop you off."  The implications for state law are sizable, and committee members so far have more questions than answers. How would the state pay for district courts, which are mostly funded by traffic fines and the court fees attached to them? How many truckers could lose their jobs? What kind of identification will people carry if almost no one has a driver's license?  And perhaps the biggest question: Who pays when there's a collision?  "Who's going to be liable if there is a crash?" Whatley said. "Is it the person who's asleep in the back, or the company that maintains the grid, or the manufacturer of the vehicle?"  Dial said the arrival of self-driving cars could reduce car accidents by 90% or more. Car companies quote similar numbers, citing statistics on crashes that involved human error.  "Imagine what that's going to do to the repair shops," Dial said.  According to online data from the Centre for Advanced Public Safety, 1,040 people were killed in 962 auto crashes in Alabama in 2016.  Car companies quote numbers similar to Dial's citing the number of accidents that are found to have human error as a factor.  But Dial and Whatley both acknowledge that when self-driving cars arrive, they'll share the road – at least at first – with human drivers. Dial thinks big trucks will be the last allowed on the roadways; Whatley noted that a self-driving Budweiser beer truck completed a test run on Colorado's interstate highways last year.  Committee members say they don't have a timetable for producing legislation on autonomous cars.  "We need to start looking at these issues ahead of time, before they start becoming problems," Whatley said. — The Anniston Star/Tribune News Service You May Be Interested For white-collar staff, AI threatens new workplace revolution Japan clears up confusion over high-tech toilets The Bentley Continental Supersports gets its own smartwatch Giving nasi lemak extra oomph with wild boar curry Six simple steps to feng shui your home Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Others Also Read Serena routs Safarova to reach third round Help Bajau Laut to have a place to call home Be firm with telemarketers advertisement Latest News Six Coolpad workers detained in patent dispute with former employer Huawei Toshiba woes intensify on reports of US$6bil writedown, shares plummet Snap Inc hires Jennifer Park Stout as head of global policy Panasonic aims to move Tesla auto partnership beyond batteries: CEO US exchanges rent helicopter, drape banner in pursuit of Snapchat IPO Most Viewed in Tech Six Coolpad workers detained in patent dispute with former employer Huawei Pokémon Go: New update fixes GPS drift Panasonic aims to move Tesla auto partnership beyond batteries: CEO Upcoming 2017 MacBook Pros could get latest-gen Intel Core Kaby Lake processors Japan clears up confusion over high-tech toilets The Bentley Continental Supersports gets its own smartwatch For white-collar staff, AI threatens new workplace revolution Bikeshare cycles dumped en masse in China China to develop prototype super, super computer in 2017 Toshiba woes intensify on reports of US$6bil writedown, shares plummet Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D) Navigating Kuala Lumpur's traffic during rush hour can be chaotic. What is the preferred navigation system to beat the jam?
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Canadian Press» World Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy Add to ... Jeff Amy JACKSON, Miss. — The Associated Press Published Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 8:35PM EST Last updated Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 8:35PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Mississippi's Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. "They're building a profile so they can advertise to them," Hood said. "They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that." Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state's school districts using Google's email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He's advising parents to consult their local school systems. "When you give a written contract and you don't follow it and you mine the data, then it's a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It's an unfair and deceptive trade practice," he said. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood's inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. "You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside," Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood's ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs' lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood's powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood's use of civil lawsuits is a "rampant abuse" of his role. "Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy" Baker said. "We're the legislators, the setters of public policy. He's the lawyer. He's not also the client." Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state's Constitution. The attorney general's victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody's Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . ¤?o?????D This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   GOOG-QAlphabet Inc Latest Price$803.76 -2.31 (-0.29%) Updated January 19 10:33 AM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Mississippi Columbus, Ohio Google Inc. Jim Hood Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Globe Investor New fee disclosure rules won't show all of the costs investors pay Life Five things to know about norovirus, the ‘winter vomiting disease’ Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Globe Investor Looking for income? Here are the top 10 dividend payers in the Dow Life How to find the right retirement home for your loved one The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Report on Business Should your company adopt a ban on after-work e-mail? Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Video Video: Fitness Basics: How to make the most out of your time on the treadmill Report on Business What’s the No. 1 money lesson to teach your kids? Globe Drive The most extreme ways car companies are testing self-driving technology News New Brunswick firefighters rescue moose trapped in icy river Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries Technology Is a carbon-neutral fuel source possible? This Canadian company thinks so ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business One big thing Corby did to improve its sales process Globe Investor Infrastructure boom will be a bumpy ride for investors More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Thursday’s analyst upgrades and downgrades Life Antipsychotics prescribed at ‘high’ rate to youth with ADHD, study shows Most popular Jan. 19: Your daily horoscope Plan for massive nightclub on Toronto’s waterfront alarms residents Liberal staffer fired after security breach at NDP offices in Ottawa Hunter Harrison steps down at CP to join push for change at U.S. railway Business Briefing: You can't keep a good dollar down (but the loonie's another matter) X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Android One Handsets Could Be Coming To The US By Tyler Lee on 01/17/2017 17:57 PST Google’s Android One handsets have typically been aimed at emerging markets. The idea is to provide customers who are on tight budgets with an Android smartphone that has an affordable price tag, no bloatware, as well as access to timely updates. In a way you could almost think of Android One handsets as the a Nexus/Pixel phone. However interestingly enough it seems that Google has decided that maybe the US would be perfect for such devices. In a report from The Information (paywall; via The Verge), they claim that they have learnt that Google will be bringing the Android One platform over to the US in which one of the goals is to address the update problems. As it stands the market is already flooded with budget Android devices, but with Android One, just like the Nexus and Pixel handsets, Google will have more control over what goes into these phones. A good example would be Huawei’s decision to load Amazon’s Alexa onto the Huawei Mate 9 which apparently caused some tension between the company and Google. So by bringing Android One devices to the US, Google can ensure that more phones will be under their control, or at least that’s the theory. Whether or not the US market will respond well to these budget handsets remains to be seen, but until the handsets are launched, do take it with a grain of salt. Filed in Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Android, android one and Google. Related Articles 2017-01-17 NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet To Get Nougat Update In The Next Few Weeks 2017-01-17 Pokemon GO Reportedly Earned $950 Million In 2016 2017-01-17 Android 7.0 Update Rolling Out For The Xperia Z5, Z5 Premium 2017-01-16 Latest Google Assistant Beta Hints At Payment Capabilities 2017-01-11 Android 7.1.1 For Nexus 6 Causing Speakerphone Echo 2017-01-10 Latest Android Distribution Figures See Froyo Dropped From The List 2015-06-12 Google Unfazed By Android One’s Lackluster Sales 2014-06-25 Android One Announced Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy World by Jeff Amy, The Associated Press Posted Jan 17, 2017 6:34 pm MST Last Updated Jan 17, 2017 at 7:20 pm MST JACKSON, Miss. – Mississippi’s Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. “They’re building a profile so they can advertise to them,” Hood said. “They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that.” Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state’s school districts using Google’s email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He’s advising parents to consult their local school systems. “When you give a written contract and you don’t follow it and you mine the data, then it’s a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It’s an unfair and deceptive trade practice,” he said. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood’s inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. “You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside,” Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood’s ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs’ lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood’s powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood’s use of civil lawsuits is a “rampant abuse” of his role. “Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy” Baker said. “We’re the legislators, the setters of public policy. He’s the lawyer. He’s not also the client.” Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state’s Constitution. The attorney general’s victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody’s Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . ¤?o?????D Next Story Movie Trailers January 13, 2017 to January 19, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm Live By Night (14A) 3:30pm / 6:30pm / 10:00pm Underworld: Blood Wars 3D 9:40pm 3:45pm / 6:15pm Sing (G) 3:15pm / 6:00pm / 9:30pm Why Him? (14A) 4:15pm / 7:00pm / 10:20pm Rogue One (PG) 3D 9:50pm 3:00pm / 6:45pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Five stories in the news today, Jan. 19 Today at 5:15 AM Djokovic out in 2nd-round upset loss to Istomin in Australia Today at 5:09 AM It’s ‘an important time for women’ around the world, says Maryam Monsef Today at 5:00 AM A timeline of events from the deadly La Loche shooting one year ago Today at 5:00 AM A look at the four people who died in a mass shooting in northern Saskatchewan Today at 5:00 AM ‘Get out of here!’ The story from inside the La Loche school shooting Today at 5:00 AM Illicit drug deaths reaches record high 914 in B.C. last year Jan 19, 2017, 6:01 AM Five stories in the news today, Jan. 19 Jan 19, 2017, 2:15 AM It's 'an important time for women' around the world, says Maryam Monsef Jan 19, 2017, 2:00 AM A look at the four people who died in a mass shooting in northern Saskatchewan Jan 19, 2017, 2:00 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Russian business world hopes for relief from Trump Jan 19, 2017, 6:54 AM Galen G. Weston named as CEO of George Weston Ltd. Jan 19, 2017, 6:21 AM Trump's Treasury pick facing criticism over foreclosures Jan 19, 2017, 1:59 AM Vegemite goes home: Oreo maker sells to Australia's Bega Jan 18, 2017, 9:51 PM Federal study on Dakota Access pipeline to move forward Jan 18, 2017, 5:15 PM McDavid hits milestone, then rescues ‘outworked’ Oilers Today at 3:07 AM McDavid records 100th point, scores in OT as Oilers beat Panthers Today at 1:32 AM Bagwell, Raines, Rodriguez elected to Baseball Hall of Fame Jan 18, 2017, 7:06 PM Raonic continues streak by reaching 3rd round in Australia Today at 2:03 AM Price’s struggles continue as Canadiens fall to Penguins Jan 18, 2017, 11:25 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Alanis Morissette manager admits to $4.8M theft from singer Jan 19, 2017, 6:48 AM Obama praised for bridging gap between hip-hop, politics Jan 19, 2017, 6:46 AM After short hiatus, Lady Antebellum is back with new music Jan 19, 2017, 4:06 AM Ellen DeGeneres takes home 3 People's Choice Awards Jan 19, 2017, 12:22 AM Judge revokes bail for hip-hop podcast host in murder case Jan 18, 2017, 8:30 PM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google self-driving cars would try picking you up twice, then give up and double park: patent By Ethan Baron / January 17, 2017 at 4:45 PM Just when you thought self-driving cars would save us from all the aggravating things human drivers do, along comes Google with a patented system for the double parking of robotic vehicles. A patent granted Jan. 17 to Google envisions a process for the pickup of passengers by self-driving cars. The system appears applicable to a ride-sharing scenario or when a personal vehicle is summoned. Google recently spun off its self-driving-car unit into its own company, Waymo, and Waymo CEO John Krafcik said in December the technology could be applied for personal vehicles, goods transportation and ride-sharing. The patent, which Google applied for in 2014, covers a situation in which a robotic vehicle receives instructions to pick someone up. But of course self-driving cars are not immune to the parking woes that face human drivers. The patented process recognizes that there won’t always be a place for the car to park to make the pickup. It’ll try once to find a spot. It’ll try twice. Then it’ll go ahead and “stop the vehicle in a current lane to wait for the passenger.” Waymo, which now falls under Google’s parent firm Alphabet, did not respond to a request for an explanation about the double-parking. So SiliconBeat is unable to reveal whether the firm’s self-driving cars will respond to honking, swearing or raising of middle fingers by human drivers unhappily halted behind a double-parked robot car. And just because the system is patented doesn’t mean Waymo will pursue it. Google, it should be noted, received a patent in May for coating the hood of a self-driving car with glue, to capture struck pedestrians so they don’t get thrown and injured further. Photo: A self-driving Chrysler Pacifica minivan from Google spin-off Waymo (courtesy of Waymo) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Alphabet, double parking, Google, patent, self-driving cars, Waymo   More Posts in 1 Apple looking at earphones equipped with fitness and health tracker January 12, 2017   Apple sued over girl’s death at hands of driver ‘distracted’ by FaceTime video call December 30, 2016   What do Airbnb users want in 2017? Airbnbs on Mars December 30, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Tesla to build Model 3 motors at Gigafactory Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Robot DoorDash deliveries coming soon to Redwood City Google’s high-end Pixels scarce for buyers, but firm… Google self-driving cars would try picking you up twice,…     Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 19, 10:40 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google+ Feedback-Inspired Updates Will Hide Low-Quality Comments, Bring Back Events And Add Zoom To Web Version By Corazon Victorino On 01/17/17 AT 9:03 PM Close Google continues to improve its interest-based social network. In fact, the Mountain View giant is planning to release three new updates for the platform in the coming weeks. The company said that these updates were made based on the feedback it got from users.  On Tuesday, Google+ product manager Danielle Buckley announced on the official Google blog that they are releasing "much requested updates" soon. Buckley emphasized that the updates for the Android, iOS and web versions of its social network were made thanks to the feedback people sent them.  The first update is designed to alter the way comments appear on a post’s feed. This alteration will hide low-quality comments or bury them deep and prioritize comments that matter most to users. Buckley said this will motivate users to engage in good conversations. Should they want to view all of the comments, they may do so by clicking “View more comments.” Related Stories Creator of Google's Android Wants To Make A New Smartphone Android 7.1.1 Nougat Brings Bluetooth Issues To Nexus 5X And Nexus 6P How To Hail An Uber Using Google Maps The next update is bringing a new but overdue functionality to the platform. This update will add zoom to the web version of Google+. Thus, users will be able to get a close-up view of photos being shared on the platform. Buckley noted that the functionality was added because photographers upload big photos on Google+ regularly. Finally, the last update is going to bring back Events to the social network. This feature allows users to create events on the Google+ web version and they can also join events created by other people. Events promote interactions of users through content shared on a specific date. The update is slated to arrive on Jan. 24, the same date that the old version of Google+ will shut down, according to TechCrunch.  Since 2015, Google+ has shifted from being a basic social network to a content curation platform. Google has since introduced more features and tools to better the user experience the service offers. Buckley said the team behind Google+ intends to improve the platform even more, so she is encouraging users to use the “Send Feedback” tool in the apps and the web version.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Dow Jones Performs Better Under Democrats While presidents don't necessarily have a strong impact on the stock market, Democrats have clearly outperformed Republicans over the past 36 years. Technology 'Overwatch' Next Seasonal Event Kicking Off Next Week Blizzard Entertainment is preparing for the next seasonal event of its team-based multiplayer first-person shooter game “Overwatch.” World South Korean Man Kidnapped And Killed By Philippines Police Although the officers reportedly abducted the man on pretense of narcotics, South Korean authorities say the businessman was not involved in drug activity in the Philippines. National Sever Animal Cruelty Reported In Michigan A dog had its nose and ears cut off as well as its tail and back legs lacerated. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes Change in Ratings Stock Comments / EPS Changes TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker MainStreet Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity App Stores Are Still a Booming Business, and Apple Dominates It By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Jan 17, 2017 | 8:50 PM EST Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: FB, twtr, ea, atvi, gluu, amzn, bidu, aapl, googl Though the smartphone market's growth has slowed to a crawl, the same certainly can't be said for the app stores running on top of them. The industry they've spawned continues to swell in size, as consumers keep increasing their app usage and become more comfortable paying for downloads, in-app purchases and subscriptions. And for a few different reasons, Apple (AAPL) is benefiting much more from this trend than Alphabet/Google (GOOGL) . In its 2016 Retrospective report, App Annie, a top provider of app download and usage data, estimated that total revenue from the iOS App Store and Google Play rose 40% in 2016, a faster clip than was seen in 2015. Publisher payouts topped $35 billion; with Apple and Google typically getting a 30% cut on paid downloads and in-app purchases, this implies total revenue of about $50 billion. The fact Apple and Google now often get a 15% cut on in-app subscriptions makes it tough to come up with a precise number. Though far more Android phones were sold last year than iPhones -- in November, research firm IDC estimated the ratio would be close to 6-to-1 -- App Annie believes the App Store produced about twice as much revenue as Google Play, and managed to grow its revenue lead in the process. This fits with a recent announcement from Apple stating its App Store developer payouts rose over 40% in 2016 to more than $20 billion. Superior demographics are partly responsible for the App Store's monetization edge: On average, iPhone and iPad owners are wealthier than Android device owners in a given market. The fact that daily app usage is somewhat higher on iOS than Android also doesn't hurt, nor does the fact Apple (unlike Google) requires users to supply a credit card number to gain access to its app store. There's also the fact the App Store is present in China, where app-related spending skyrocketed last year, and Google Play (like most other Google services) isn't. App Annie believes Chinese App Store publisher revenue more than doubled annually in the fourth quarter to over $2 billion, leading China to leapfrog the U.S. and Japan as the world's most lucrative iOS app market. If Android app revenue is growing at a similar pace in China, that's a positive for local app store owners such as Baidu  (BIDU) and Qihoo 360. Separately, though the average smartphone owner already spent a massive amount of time on his or her device going into 2016, app usage is still growing at a brisk pace. App Store and Google Play downloads rose an estimated 15% last year to over 90 billion -- Google Play accounted for over two-thirds of them -- and global time spent on Android apps (China excluded) rose 25%, with the average user now spending about two hours per day. Facebook  (FB) and Google's apps still account for a giant chunk of that usage. Facebook, Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp were among the 10 most popular iPhone apps (China excluded) in terms of monthly active users (MAUs), as were YouTube, Google Maps, Gmail and the core Google search app. And with the caveat that App Annie doesn't track MAUs for Google apps pre-installed on Android phones, the aforementioned Facebook apps topped App Annie's Android MAU chart. Twitter (TWTR) is respectively No. 8 and No. 5 on the iPhone and Android charts. Some other notable takeaways: Games respectively accounted for 75% and 90% of App Store and Google Play revenue. That's music to the ears of publishers such as Electronic Arts (EA) , Activision (ATVI) and Glu Mobile (GLUU) . Though U.S. Google Play downloads rose just slightly last year, the country's time spent on Android apps rose 25% and its Google Play revenue rose nearly 50%. Encouraging numbers, given how established the U.S. smartphone market already was, and (for the likes of Google and Facebook) the market's outsized importance to the mobile ad industry. Time spent on shopping apps installed on U.S. Android phones rose 30% annually in November 2016. This trend is a headwind for Google, since shoppers directly loading the apps of online retailers such as Amazon (AMZN) are bypassing Google Search. India is now the largest Android market in terms of downloads and app time spent. It has also passed the U.S. to be the second-largest smartphone market (behind China) in terms of unit sales. Overall, the report shines a light on how mobile apps continue ingraining themselves further into the lives of consumers, even ones who have been smartphone users for years. And how this has turned the App Store into the crown jewel of an Apple's Services reporting segment that's fast on its way to reaching a $30 billion revenue run rate. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa Mobileye Outlines Why It Considers Itself an Autonomous Driving Leader Apple Has a Lot to Lose if its Favorable Chinese Manufacturing Deals Unravel Holiday Phone Activations Bode Well for Apple's iPhone 7-Plus Sales Columnist Conversations Gary Berman: Upgrades Downgrades and where do they get marked? CSX FIBOCALL: CSX CSX gap opening higher today, based on news. Our overshoot level @ 41.92 and I need to see a c... Bret Jensen: Morning Musings Market is little changed as we are on the cusp of a presidential turnover.  Oil up a bit and seems to hav... Robert Lang: Webinar time after the close join me after the day of trading for a webinar talking about volume, how to analyze it and when to take it ser... Carley Garner: Treasury futures speculators are too short for their own good Speculators of all sizes are holding the largest bearish position in 10-year notes that we've seen in years. ... See all » BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Dividend Stock Advisor David Peltier identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Biweekly dividend newsletter Diversifed model portfolio of dividend stocks Intraday trade alerts Growth Seeker Chris Versace and Lenore Elle Hawkins, using sophisticated stock screening and fundamental research, identify high potential growth small and mid-cap stocks. Product Features: Model portfolio Small-cap and mid-cap focus Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google rumored to help launch Android One phones in US Newsby John Callaham2 days ago 16 928 20 Bloomberg Google is reportedly planning to push its less pricey Android One smartphone platform into the US. A new report claims that the first such phone is scheduled to be launched in mid-2017 and will be priced between $200 and $300. See also: Nougat arrives for Android One September 12, 2016 The story comes from The Information, citing unnamed sources. While the maker of the US-based Android One handset has yet to be revealed, the story claims that LG could be the first out of the gate. Google will offer regular software updates for the phone up to two years after it goes on sale, much like it does for its own Nexus and Pixel devices. The story adds that Google plans to fund a major ad campaign for this Android One phone when it launches. After it arrives Google will consider adding more Android One phones from other companies on a case-by-case basis. The story says one of the reasons why Google wants to bring Android One to the US is to help promote the Android brand itself.  Most consumers are more aware of Samsung’s Galaxy devices rather than Android itself, and Google wants to change that. Google first announced the Android One platform in 2014, with the company’s idea of bringing affordable Android phones, with a stock version of the OS, to developing countries. The first such phones from third-party companies launched in Asia and Africa and later they were sold in parts of Europe and Japan. So far the sales results have been mixed, but it looks like Google is sticking with its plan and expanding into one of the biggest markets for phones. News LG, Android One Android One, LG  The Information John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 16 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago56 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Last year’s worst passwords were just as bad as ever 6 minutes ago   PSA: Galaxy S7 defaults to Full HD after Nougat update, here’s how to c... 2 hours ago   Ex-Huawei employees arrested for leaking secrets to LeEco and Coolpad 3 hours ago   The Nokia 6 took one minute to sell out 4 hours ago   EA brings action title WarFriends to Android, download it for free today 5 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Trending: GEORGE H.W. BUSH DONALD TRUMP JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: GEORGE H.W. BUSH DONALD TRUMP JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Fired IT worker allegedly changed school's Google password, wants $200G to unlock it Fired IT worker allegedly changed school's Google password BY Elizabeth Elizalde NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Tuesday, January 17, 2017, 8:39 PM facebook Tweet email Triano Williams, a fired information technology worker, changed a Google account password, which stored the emails and course material of more than 2,000 students, the school alleges in a new lawsuit. (alengo/Getty Images) BY Elizabeth Elizalde NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Tuesday, January 17, 2017, 8:39 PM A fired information technology worker hit back at his former employer when he allegedly changed the password of a Google account, which stored the emails and course material of more than 2,000 students, the school alleges in a new lawsuit. Triano Williams worked for the American College of Education, an Indiana-based online school, but was fired in April after refusing to relocate from his Chicago home for work. Now, he’s demanding the school rehire him as a consultant and pay him $200,000 to unlock the information, the Indianapolis Star reported. The college offered its employees the decision to relocate to Indianapolis or resign and take a severance package. Most of them left, leaving Williams as the college’s only administrator. Google alters autcomplete suggestion or 'Jews' search School officials said they tried to log into the Google account numerous times and contacted the company for assistance. The school alleges in the suit that Williams installed a new operating system, changed the account's password and erased the hard drive. But Williams’ lawyer, Calvita Frederick, claims the school mistakenly erased the data. "The reality is the college created this problem over the course of the last several years as a result of certain business decisions followed by the termination of certain key employees," Frederick wrote in a letter to the college’s attorney, according to the Indy Star. Meanwhile, Williams, who is black, filed a federal lawsuit in Chicago accusing the school of racial discrimination. Carl Heastie, Google want kids to study computer science So far, he has failed to attend court hearings, and a judge ordered him to pay the school $248,350 in damages. Frederick said the school has hired other former employees as consultants and is asking Williams to work for free with threats of possible jail time. "He's got a lot of damages as a result of what's happened," Frederick said. Scott Preston, the school’s lawyer, told the Star that Google has already unlocked the account and retrieved the data for the school. Tags: google indiana technology lawsuits chicago Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 19th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy Poll Do you have concerns about U.S.-Canada relations under a Trump administration? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 17, 2017. JACKSON, Miss. – Mississippi’s Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. “They’re building a profile so they can advertise to them,” Hood said. “They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that.” Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state’s school districts using Google’s email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He’s advising parents to consult their local school systems. “When you give a written contract and you don’t follow it and you mine the data, then it’s a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It’s an unfair and deceptive trade practice,” he said. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood’s inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. “You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside,” Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood’s ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs’ lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood’s powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood’s use of civil lawsuits is a “rampant abuse” of his role. “Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy” Baker said. “We’re the legislators, the setters of public policy. He’s the lawyer. He’s not also the client.” Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state’s Constitution. The attorney general’s victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody’s Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Â¤?o?????D 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Royal Jubilee Hospital's ER renovation all about better care Nanaimo to get overdose-prevention site by end of month Jack Knox: Divergent marijuana stances potty, but you can blame feds Pot-shop cash seized aboard Helijet flight After 55-year bond, couple denied assisted death together Arrest warrants issued for two men facing fraud charges Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy Jeff Amy / The Associated Press January 17, 2017 05:35 PM JACKSON, Miss. - Mississippi's Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. "They're building a profile so they can advertise to them," Hood said. "They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that." Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state's school districts using Google's email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He's advising parents to consult their local school systems. "When you give a written contract and you don't follow it and you mine the data, then it's a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It's an unfair and deceptive trade practice," he said. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood's inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. "You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside," Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood's ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs' lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood's powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood's use of civil lawsuits is a "rampant abuse" of his role. "Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy" Baker said. "We're the legislators, the setters of public policy. He's the lawyer. He's not also the client." Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state's Constitution. The attorney general's victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody's Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . ¤?o?????D © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next After 55-year bond, couple denied assisted death together › next Pumped for Dublin! Click for contest rules Capital Home Winter 2016 The Luxury Edition Your Museum at 130 Royal B.C. Museum celebrates a birthday On the Front Lines of Fentanyl Inside the drug-overdose crisis Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Film industry in Greater Victoria on hunt for workers Pot-shop cash seized aboard Helijet flight After 55-year bond, couple denied assisted death together Collapse of burning Tehran high-rise kills 30 firefighters Citizens who ‘stood up for what is good’ honoured by Victoria police Heavy vehicles try to reach buried hotel where 30 missing Parole board deadlocks on granting killer Kelly Ellard escorted absences Traumatized paramedic wins PTSD appeal Military officer's suspension casts clouds over federal shipbuilding effort Highway on-ramp at Quadra reopens after to vehicle incident Film industry in Greater Victoria on hunt for workers B.C.’s tech job force bigger than mining, oil and gas, forestry Landlord registry aims to improve B.C. rental industry Expect another surge in home values, experts say Bank of Canada warns about risks of Trump trade policies, says rate cut on table Dollar loses more than a cent after Poloz says rate cut still 'on the table' Collapse of burning Tehran high-rise kills 30 firefighters UVic selects Don Mattrick as distinguished entrepreneur of year Military officer's suspension casts clouds over federal shipbuilding effort Inaugural crowds sure to be huge - but how huge? With the WHL closing in, Clippers’ future in Nanaimo now up in the air Military officer's suspension casts clouds over federal shipbuilding effort Collapse of burning Tehran high-rise kills 30 firefighters Rowing Canada begins four-year journey on Elk Lake Victoria Royals hope to shine on trek through Alberta Everything O-Kaay with Canadian men's rugby team Nearing full health, Grizzlies look to get back to winning ways Bank of Canada warns about risks of Trump trade policies, says rate cut on table Trump's Treasury pick defends his foreclosure actions Local curlers ready if needed at Canadian junior championships Your timescolonist.com More News Iconic Motoring Click here for the first issue Spiritually Speaking  Lunch and Learn - Religions of the World Working together for common good a joyful experience New Year's Resolutions and The Three R's of Resolve Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Android Low-cost Android One phones reportedly coming to the US New, 27 comments by Dieter Bohn@backlon Jan 17, 2017, 8:18pm EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images Google’s Android One platform was originally designed to provide low-cost Android devices to developing markets without the stuff that usually comes with low-cost Android devices: bloatware, competing services, and a crippling lack of software and security updates. Now, according to a report from The Information, the program is about to make its way to the US market to help solve those problems. Android One phones have historically been produced by companies you probably haven’t heard of, like Micromax, Cherry, and QMobile. Originally Google had a direct hand in detailing what components would go into the phone, but apparently became more flexible over time and eventually expanded the program beyond India to parts of Africa, Spain, and Portugal. Android One may not have been the rousing worldwide success Google was hoping for, but it’s still an important initiative for the company. Especially at the low end, there’s a lot of incentive for manufacturers to pile on extra software in a bid to make those devices more profitable — but that could cut against Google’s efforts to make its own services more pervasive and popular. As Efrati points out in his report, Huawei recently opted for Amazon’s Alexa assistant instead of Google’s on its phones (The Google Assistant isn’t yet available for non-Google phones), which apparently caused some tension between the companies. Cheap phones need updates, too Google also has a stake in ensuring that as many Android devices as possible are upgraded on a regular basis, not just for features but also for security updates. If Google really does put some real effort behind Android One, it could make its plans for Android a little clearer. Google itself has taken a stand that it wants to make its own hardware at the high-end of the smartphone market with the Pixel, and if The Information’s report is accurate, it wants to ensure that its services are not cut out from the low end. Whether that leaves enough breathing room for partners like Samsung is another question — but it doesn’t seem especially likely that Google’s Pixel is going to out-sell the Galaxy lineup anytime soon. Google should be so lucky as to have that kind of problem right now — the more urgent issue is ensuring a consistent experience in the low and midrange of Android products, where software quality varies wildly and software updates are all too rare. Although Google itself probably won’t produce Android One phones for the US, we don’t yet know what manufacturers will make them — but apparently LG is one possibility. The phones are reportedly due “before the middle of the year” and will be backed by lots of marketing money from Google. More From The Verge SpaceX is back to launching rockets again, but pressure is still high after last year’s failure President Obama has commuted Chelsea Manning’s sentence A Japanese spacecraft has spotted a massive gravity wave in Venus’ atmosphere Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie Ford’s newest Mustang drops the V6 engine for the first time in decades The original iPhone changed phones as we knew them, but iPhone 4S was a game-changer, too Now Trending Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones Japanese toilet industry agrees to standardize complex bidet controls Footage of apparent animal cruelty on movie set spurs boycott of A Dog’s Purpose This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Microsoft Tech Linkedin LinkedIn's new design looks a lot like Facebook by Tom Warren@tomwarren LinkedIn is refreshing its entire site today with a new look that’s designed to bring the aging social network firmly into the 21st century. While most LinkedIn users probably visit the site infrequently, or because of a deluge of nagging emails, L... New, 0 comments Interview Science Entertainment The directors of An Inconvenient Truth sequel on how anybody can help save the environment by Alessandra Potenza@ale_potenza The sequel to An Inconvenient Truth  — the 2006 documentary by Al Gore that spread awareness about climate change — is premiering today at the Sundance Film Festival. The new movie, dubbed An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power, is directed by... New, 0 comments TL;DR Web Culture The Meitu app will turn anyone into a beautiful, terrifying anime character by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett Getting a good photo of yourself is a mix of practice and good lighting, but there’s hope for those of us that need a little help. The latest selfie craze on social media is a half anime makeover, half Instagram on steroids. It’s Chinese... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Culture X-23 is the real star in the latest trailer for Logan by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak ‘She’s like you, very much like you’ New, 6 comments Transportation Cars US Secretary of Transportation Foxx: ‘How much force is applied by the future administration is an open question’ by Tamara Warren@tamaratam When President Obama appointed Anthony Foxx as his Secretary of Transportation in 2013, no one expected self-driving cars and drones to become big topics in mainstream America. Secretary Foxx has shepherded the country through some of the biggest... New, 0 comments US & World Tech UK News Deliveroo launches a flat monthly subscription for food deliveries in the UK by James Vincent@jjvincent Would you pay a monthly or yearly subscription to waive the delivery fee from your favorite food service? Deliveroo is testing out the idea, launching a new trial service in six cities in the UK — Manchester, Birmingham, Edinburgh, Glasgow,... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media SEJ SUMMIT Tools Advertise Google App on Android Will Save Searches if Connection Fails News· Mobile Search January 17, 2017 Mobile Search News Matt SouthernJanuary 17, 2017 SEJ STAFF 144SHARES 106READS 144SHARES 106READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 144SHARES 106READS Google has updated its Android app to benefit those who may find themselves running into spotty internet connections from time to time. If a search fails due to a poor connection, Google will automatically return the results as soon as a connection is established again. In addition, search results will be saved as soon as they are returned. So if your connection fails immediately after conducting a search, you can at least browse through the SERPs and find a page to visit later. ”… the next time you lose service, feel free to queue up your searches, put your phone away and carry on with your day. The Google app will work behind-the-scenes to detect when a connection is available again and deliver your search results once completed.” Google assures this update will have minimal, if any, impact on battery life and data usage. Related Posts Bing Says 25% of All Searches are Voice Searches Google Maps Updates: Wi-Fi Only Mode, Save to SD Card, + More Google Search Can Now Find Your Lost Android Phone Google Tests Trending Searches and Instant Answers in Search Bar ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Matt Cutts Resigns from Google, Confirms He’s Staying With the US Digital Service - January 19, 2017 Google Acquires Fabric, a Mobile App Development Platform - January 18, 2017 Bing Ads Now Lets You Schedule When Ad Extensions are Displayed in Search - January 18, 2017 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar The Top Backlink Profiles of 2017 & How They Were Built Wed. January 25th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Noelle Federico on How to Really Stand Out on Instagram See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th 25.3K reads 1/9/2017 2 101 Quick & Actionable SEO Tips That Are HUGE 10.6K reads 12/22/2016 3 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 10.4K reads 1/1/2017 4 Big 2017 Social Media Marketing Trends You Need to Know 9.4K reads 12/20/2016 5 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 7.0K reads 12/25/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Sergey Grybniak Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Top Home Automation Investments Looking for the best places for your investment dollars in the home automation segment? Here are some ideas Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jan 17, 2017 at 7:12PM If you're considering an investment in the home automation segment, there are a mind-boggling number of choices. You can invest in individual component manufacturers, professional systems installation companies, or managed services. We will look at some of the best in each category. Home automation falls into three very broad categories. Let's look at a few potential investments in each: Professionally installed systems. Managed service systems. Do-it-yourself (DIY). Home automation is reaching into every aspect of our lives. Image source: Pixabay. The whole shebang Professionally installed systems are integrated when the home is built or a retrofit is done. There are several such companies, but most are privately held. One exception, that's also a leader in the field -- is Control4 Corporation (NASDAQ:CTRL). This is the only pure play on the list. This company is extremely small, with a market cap of about $265 million, at the time of writing. It provides a wide variety of systems and options and serves both the home and business markets. It provides choices in all the major component categories including lighting and environment controls, entertainment, security, and networks to control them all. It also integrates with over 10,000 existing third-party products.  On the operational side, the company has been growing revenue and earnings, up 27% and 49%, respectively, year over year in the most recent quarter. It has been expanding gross margin and investing in sales and marketing efforts, which Control4 believes will result in additional revenue growth. It has been developing internationally and acquired Pakedge Networking last year. Control4 believes that having its own networking solution will not only drive revenues but also help dealers identify issues in customer networks, leading to greater levels of customer satisfaction. The company is growing its network of dealers that install its products and increasing its addressable market by providing solutions for middle-income homeowners while still serving the luxury market. This company seems to be pursuing growth in a smart and measured way, and the stock will probably move higher. The future of awesome Image source: Comcast. Managed service systems offer a more limited range of offerings, centered mostly on security, while charging a monthly monitoring fee. The best way to play this segment may be an investment in Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA). Its service is security based but also provides lighting and environment controls, while already having an "in" with networks and entertainment from its cable and broadband offerings. It sees this market as a natural extension of its existing business. Having its own broadband provides distinct advantages, allowing it to control that portion of the equation. The company has consistently grown both revenue and earnings over the past five years, and the stock has increased 174% to the S&P's 73% over the same time period.   Alexa, can you find my... ? The do-it-yourself market is much more cluttered and provides a variety of options to the discerning investor. Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Alexa, Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Assistant, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Siri all represent entries into the nascent virtual-assistant category, and all offer a multitude of products that integrate with their devices. Each of these virtual assistants responds to voice commands. Amazon Echo and Echo Dot. Image source: Amazon.com. Amazon currently has the advantage of a yearlong head start with its Amazon Echo speaker system, powered by Alexa. It has meanwhile been integrating Alexa into its other products, including its Echo range, Tap, and Fire TV. This advantage should not be underestimated. Amazon released Alexa to third-party hardware providers that have been integrating Alexa into their products.  The list of products Amazon's assistant can partner with is quite extensive, including such diverse offerings as hubs -- which control and network the system -- lighting, and environmental, as well as a laundry list of big-name service partners. Not to be outdone, Apple recently released its HomeKit, which comes with its Siri pedigree and its own list of iCompatible device categories that include alarms and sensors, heating and cooling, and lights and switches. These are compatible across a wide swath of iPod, iPads, and, of course, iPhones.   iPhone 7 powered by Siri. Image source: Apple, Inc. Google, though late to the party, wants to steal the show. The Google Assistant is the brains behind the Google Home smart speaker and is integrated into the majority of Google-branded hardware products, including Android phones, Chromecast, and Android TV. It will also network with Google's software programs, including Google Calendar and Maps. In a recent research report, analytics firm IHS Markit reported that it believes that Google Smart Speakers will overtake Echo's lead by 2020.   Did I mention that these three companies also have other businesses? Image source: Google. No company is perfect, and each of these suggestions comes with its own potential downside. Amazon's dominance as an e-retailer is well known, and home automation is one of many additional revenue streams it's pursuing. Since it has a P/E of 187, investors need to understand that if home automation is what they're interested in, they're paying a premium for Amazon's projected growth in online retail and the plethora of ventures it's pursuing. Google's premium is much more reasonable, with a P/E of 30, but similar to Amazon, home automation represents only a small fraction of its business. Apple is the most reasonably priced of the three, with a P/E of 14, but be aware that its share price, along with the majority of its revenue and income, depends directly on the success or failure of its ubiquitous iPhone and its release cycles. The Foolish final word While not inclusive, this list provides investors with a starting point to invest in the home-automation segment. There are many ways to play this burgeoning market, so maybe one should ask "Alexa, what's the best home automation investment?" On second thought, better not: Her answer might be biased. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Danny Vena owns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $85 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, long January 2018 $640 calls on Alphabet (C shares), and short January 2018 $650 calls on Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) I am a long-term investor who looks for intangibles that will provide for explosive growth opportunities for my investments. Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:12PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.77 down $0.22 (-0.18%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $826.87 down $-2.15 (-0.26%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $809.81 up $2.33 (0.29%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $72.39 up $0.10 (0.14%) Control4 NASDAQ:CTRL $11.33 no change (0.00%) Read More Alexa Could Be Amazon's "Fourth Pillar" Amazon.com Has Officially Begun Drone Delivery 3 Stocks Worth Stuffing in Holiday Stockings This Year Amazon.com's Next Product Could Be a Game-Changer Amazon Is Building the Fourth Pillar of Its Business Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Top Home Automation Investments @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $CMCSA, $CTRL
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content January 19, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles|   Business|   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > World > International Breaking News > Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy International Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy By: Jeff Amy, The Associated Press Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 at 8:03 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error JACKSON, Miss. - Mississippi's Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. "They're building a profile so they can advertise to them," Hood said. "They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that." Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state's school districts using Google's email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He's advising parents to consult their local school systems. "When you give a written contract and you don't follow it and you mine the data, then it's a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It's an unfair and deceptive trade practice," he said. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood's inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. "You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside," Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood's ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs' lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood's powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood's use of civil lawsuits is a "rampant abuse" of his role. "Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy" Baker said. "We're the legislators, the setters of public policy. He's the lawyer. He's not also the client." Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state's Constitution. The attorney general's victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody's Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . ¤?o?????D Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to International Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Unsealed documents reveal sting operation meant to take down Const. Trent Milan Man sent to jail for assaulting wife Demolition clears way for development Paddock thrives in busy season Man charged with drug possession, abduction granted bail Impaired driver receives fine, ban Police make arrests after violent robbery Mounties use naloxone kit to save man from fentanyl overdose Teen found safe City pleased with flooding prep at golf course Worker tells mom to feed baby in store bathroom Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Unsealed documents reveal sting operation meant to take down Const. Trent Milan Deer population could be in jeopardy Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment Brandon police searching for missing person Lyburn edges Irwin in extra end 'Family friend' gets 10 months in jail for molesting teen girl in tent Brandon mom was 'kind to everyone' Flights, taxis grounded as winter storm wallops Westman Two years house arrest for fatal crash MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Tight bond with Coulters helped Stone in Brandon Arrested for impaired driving at the Brandon Police Service parking lot 'It's discrimination': Dad lashes out against BSD's French immersion lottery Worker tells mom to feed baby in store bathroom Police investigate suspicious death at Brandon apartment complex New mom fighting cancer Today | Week | Month Man caught with gun, cocaine in car gets 2-year prison term Man caught with gun, cocaine in car gets 2-year prison term Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment If they took a holiday … so what? City eyes 2.95% tax hike Minimum wage hikes don't reduce poverty, Pallister says Police stop alleged drug trafficking Resolution raises some serious questions for municipalities Police scoff at Brandonite 'finding' drugs Heed cigarette lessons for pot Man caught with gun, cocaine in car gets 2-year prison term Mixed reaction locally for news of MTS sale Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Today | Week | Month $8,000 for Ag in the Classroom Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project WHL NOTEBOOK: Geekie enjoying breakout season with Americans Cadets have rich history in Brandon Lyburn edges Irwin in extra end Team Gold heads to semis at baseball tourney Retiring BU faculty members start scholarship Shoplifting spree shows 'traumatic impact' of crystal meth addiction Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts Mumps outbreak in Manitoba yet to affect Wheat City Cadets, alumni mark milestone in Brandon MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Thanks for help at airport Man charged after allegedly locking ex in room and sexually assaulting her Bale home near Onanole could be game-changer Expired plates leads to impaired driving charge Patrick closing in on return to Brandon lineup Canvas for a Cause charity auction painting captures festive season Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project WHL NOTEBOOK: Geekie enjoying breakout season with Americans Group looks to bring soybean plant to region Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Opinion ArtsEtc Visuals Banter About Newsletter Donate Weekly Newsletter Banter Herald Woman gives Governor’s Mansion middle finger, is crowned hero of Google Earth The timing was impeccable by Daniel Chinitz · Jan 17, 2017 Share Tweet google earth Gov. Scott Walker has been a controversial figure in Wisconsin, particularly in Dane County. As the 2016 election once again showed, Dane County votes blue, but its heart pumps red with spirit. A local woman was running what we can only assume is her usual exercise route when a special car labeled “Google” drove past. Snapping photos of the anonymous woman, Google caught this movement mama exercising her First Amendment right — right where Walker could see it. Bird flipped up high, the liberal hero has her hands up proud for all Google Earth observers to behold. She is clearly giving the finger with her left hand, and even more is revealed when the image is zoomed in. Whether or not you agree with this lady’s sentiment, she is undeniably a badass with exquisite timing. She looks to be pointing at what could possibly be the Google Earth car that drove by to take this photo, but it is tough to tell due to the blurred face. This, as well as her clearly defined sunglasses, qualifies her as a local badass that has graduated to an international level via Google Earth. She knew exactly what she was doing, and dammit did she get her message across at the opportune moment — for that, she must be praised. If anyone knows this person please contact The Badger Herald Banter staff immediately so she can receive an award. Share Tweet This article was published Jan 17, 2017 at 7:21 pm and last updated Jan 18, 2017 at 1:00 am Tags: Crazy, Google earth, Governors mansion, Impeccable timing, Middle finger, Scott Walker, Wisconsin Comments Next in Banter In photos: Dogtoberfest fun for humans, furry friends alike Dogs and beers brought smiles to this year's Dogtoberfest at the Capital Brewery in Middleton Top five classes left as drop deadline looms Social sciences, biological sciences and many more still have space left The pros and cons of being the country’s top party school Princeton review names Badgers drunkest of all PSA: Mooyah is giving out free fries for year Monday Mooyah on State Street celebrates their 100th store opening by giving away french fries, money, other deals News Sports Opinion ArtsEtc Visuals Banter Get Involved About UW-Madison's Premier Independent Student Newspaper All Content © The Badger Herald, 1995 - 2017
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Police and Law Enforcement Dallas cop sues social media companies for allegedly helping influence police shooter By Andrew O'Reilly Published January 17, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print Markers litter the sidewalk as FBI investigators look over the crime scene in Dallas, Texas, U.S. July 8, 2016 following a Thursday night shooting incident that killed five police officers. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri - RTX2KE0D Lawyers for a Dallas police officer filed a federal civil suit late Tuesday against Twitter, Facebook and Google for allegedly providing “material support” to the Palestinian militant group Hamas and purportedly helping radicalize Micah Johnson, the Army veteran who killed five police officers and wounded nine others in an ambush last July. In a complaint filed in the Northern District of California, Dallas Police Sgt. Demetrick Pennie argued that the three social media platforms “knowingly and recklessly provided the terrorist group HAMAS with accounts to use its social networks as a tool for spreading extremist propaganda.” “We want to hold these companies accountable for allowing terrorists to use their sites as an instrument to conduct terrorist operations,” Pennie’s lawyer, Keith Altman, told FoxNews.com. “Google, Facebook and Twitter profit from terrorist postings and create new content when they combine postings with advertisements targeted at specific viewers.” Johnson, a 25-year-old Army Reserve Afghan War veteran and Black Nationalist, carried out an “ambush-style” attack on Dallas law enforcement during a protest in Texas over the recent police-related killings of two African-American men. Johnson was eventually killed by a robot-delivered bomb. “It was unreal,” Pennie, who was good friends with two of the officers killed, told FoxNews.com. “Seeing guys shot like that, I just can’t shake it.” More on this... Witness live-streamed first video of tragic police shooting in Dallas Country mourns Dallas massacre that left 5 cops dead, Cruz praises 'selfless' police job Father of slain Dallas police officer sues Black Lives Matter for $550 million While he has not been linked to any foreign terror organization, Johnson did visit and like numerous websites dedicated to the Black Lives Matter movement, the Nation of Islam and the New Black Panther Party – all of whom have sympathized with the Palestinian cause. “The New Black Panther Party and other black separatist groups are directly linking themselves to Palestian groups and they are sharing this stuff on Facebook,” Pennie, who is also the president of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation and a 17-year law enforcement veteran, told FoxNews.com. Pennie added that any money he is awarded from the lawsuit – or a similar one he has filed against Black Lives Matter - would go directly to his foundation. The question of whether or not Hamas’ social media feeds had any influence on Johnson – either directly or indirectly – is something that the federal court will have to decide, but what is not in question is the frequency that companies like Twitter, Facebook and Google have been hit with lawsuits from survivors or families of the victims of domestic and international terror attacks. “There seems to be a spate of these cases recently and it’s probably because there have been recently a spate of these tragedies,” Matt Bartholomew, a professor at the University of Buffalo School of Law, told FoxNews.com. Hamas, along with terror groups like the Islamic State and Al Qaeda, maintain an active presence on both Facebook and Twitter as a way to recruit and radicalize followers and also rely heavily on the Google-owned YouTube to post propaganda, press releases and even executions. At the heart of Pennie’s lawsuit – and a similar one filed by the families of victims of the Orlando nightclub shooting in June – is the interpretation of a provision tucked deep inside the Communications Decency Act (CDA) of 1996 called Section 230. The language of Section 230 states that “No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider." In layman’s terms, this basically means that sites like Facebook or YouTube are not liable for what their users post on their sites. Section 230 of the CDA has protected social media sites in the past, but some lawyers and social media experts have begun to argue sites like Facebook may be violating the provision with their heavily-guarded algorithms. Despite these algorithms having come under fire before – from how Facebook curated its Trending Topics to accusations that YouTube was censoring people – these recent lawsuits allege something much more nefarious behind one of the tech world’s most secretive processes. “There are so many questions that need be answered by these social media companies,” Eric Feinberg of the cyber security and intelligence firm GIPEC told FoxNews.com. “How good are they at vetting their content? Why aren’t they sharing this information with law enforcement? They need to either fix these problems internally or hire a third party to do it for them.” Facebook and Twitter argue that they are doing everything they can to prevent terror groups from using their sites, but experts contend the companies are caught between a rock and a hard place when it comes to the issue as the web giants have voiced willingness to aid in the fight but have been less than transparent when it comes to sharing proprietary information like their algorithms. When asked to comment on this story, a representative from Twitter emailed FoxNews.com the company’s policy prohibiting the promotion of terrorism. A spokesperson from Facebook said the company is “committed to providing a service where people feel safe when using Facebook.” “Our Community Standards make clear that there is no place on Facebook for groups that engage in terrorist activity or for content that expresses support for such activity, and we take swift action to remove this content when it’s reported to us,” the spokesperson said in an email to FoxNews.com. A spokesman for Google cited a statement last month saying that Facebook, Microsoft, Twitter and You Tube were coming together to curb the spread of terrorist content. This included creating a shared industry database of unique digital "fingerprints" related to terrorism. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg also sat down with the Dallas Police Department Monday night to discuss the role of social media and how it’s changing the dynamics of law enforcement following the mass shooting. Experts say, however, that until a judge sides with the plaintiffs in one of these cases, social media companies will not have to pay a dime, but they also warn that should the interpretation of Section 230 change, there could be a windfall of lawsuits against these companies. “We’re now seeing some of these cases all at once but until a court says under Section 230 these companies are liable then nothing will happen,” Bartholomew said. “But once there is a chink in the armor, there will be an avalanche.” Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Concerns grow as days pass without sign of missing Missouri woman 2 Fledgling Pennsylvania mall sells for whopping $100 3 Documents: Woman knew for months she'd been stolen at birth 4 Deputy and suspect are killed in shootout in North Dakota 5 Texas cop-killer had long criminal history including assault, reports say Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google+ brings back Events, adds ‘low-quality’ comments filter in new update Apps & Games Newsby John Callaham2 days ago 6 215 68 Are you still using Google+? If you are, we’ve got some good news. Google has just announced a number of new updates to its social network, which will be rolled out over the next few weeks. One of the biggest new additions will automatically hide what Google calls “low quality” comments from the feeds of its users. In a blog post, Google shows that its definition of “low quality” comments include poorly spelled words or badly used phrases. If you really want to see all of the comments in a Google+ post, you can choose to click on the “Show all comments” selection in the menu. Google also revealed it will be making changes in how images are displayed in Google+. The goal is to show as little white space as possible, based on a user’s screen size. Also, if you access Google+ on the web, you will be able to zoom in on images as part of the latest update. Speaking of Google+ on the web, if you are still using the “classic” UI, that will soon disappear. Google will officially migrate all users to the new Google+ web interface on Tuesday, January 24. Finally, an old favorite is making its return to Google+. Back by popular demand, users will once again be able to join and create Events! You’ll be able to do so on January 24, via the Google+ web interface, although it will not be available for G Suite users for the time being. Do you still use Google+? If so, are you excited to see Events and low quality comment filters make their way to the service? Let us know in the comments! Apps & Games News Google Plus Google Plus  Google John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 6 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago56 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Last year’s worst passwords were just as bad as ever 17 minutes ago   PSA: Galaxy S7 defaults to Full HD after Nougat update, here’s how to c... 2 hours ago   Ex-Huawei employees arrested for leaking secrets to LeEco and Coolpad 3 hours ago   The Nokia 6 took one minute to sell out 4 hours ago   EA brings action title WarFriends to Android, download it for free today 5 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:24am Fri 20 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Gmail is the latest victim of a phishing scam 1:49 PM Wednesday Jan 18, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Google IT Security Technology Gmail users are being warned of a phishing scam that tricks them into giving up their Google login details. Photo / 123RF Gmail is the latest victim of a phishing scam that is even fooling experienced technical users. The scam is being described as one of the most convincing yet, and tricks users into giving their Google login details, allowing the attacker to sift through their messages. Emails containing the rogue attachment can come from people in the recipient's own address book, and attacker can even copy their style of writing, convincingly passing the fake email on to the victim's contacts. The fake email uses image attachments that look like a PDF file. When you click on the attachment, you are directed to phishing pages, disguised as the Google sign-in page. If you enter your details, your Gmail account becomes compromised, allowing the attacker to sift through your sent messages folder and pass on the scam. Even more worryingly, the phishing pages do not seem to trigger Google's HTTPS security warnings, which normally warn users if they land on an unsafe page. The scam was discovered by Mark Maunder, CEO of Wordfence, the security service for WordPress. Maunder said that the scam was so convincing that it even fooled 'experienced technical users.' A commenter on Hacker News, an IT person who's school server suffered an attack described what happened once they signed in to the fake page: Continued below. Related Content Tesla driver stranded in the desert after smartphone app failure After three years, MH370 search ends with no plane, few answers Inland Revenue Department audits Microsoft "The attackers log in to your account immediately once they get the credentials, and they use one of your actual attachments, along with one of your actual subject lines, and send it to people in your contact list. "For example, they went into one student's account, pulled an attachment with an athletic team practice schedule, generated the screenshot, and then paired that with a subject line that was tangentially related, and emailed it to the other members of the athletic team." The attackers signing into your account happens very quickly, experts warn. "It may be automated or they may have a team standing by to process accounts as they are compromised. Writing on Wordfence, Mr Maunder said: "Once they have access to your account, the attacker also has full access to all your emails including sent and received at this point and may download the whole lot. "Now that they control your email address, they could also compromise a wide variety of other services that you use by using the password reset mechanism including other email accounts, any SaaS services you use and much more." To avoid being a victim of the scam, Maunder recommends enabling a two-factor authentication, and keeping a look out for the prefix 'data:text/html' in the browser location bar - a sign of a fake web page. He said: "Make sure there is nothing before the host name 'accounts.google.com' other than 'https://' and the lock symbol. "You should also take special note of the green colour and lock symbol that appears on the left. If you can't verify the protocol and verify the hostname, stop and consider what you just clicked on to get to that sign-in page." - Daily Mail Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Firefighters 'drinking' before critical audit A firefighter appeared drunk and others could not demonstrate basic critical skills during… Hawke's Bay Today Man rescued after rolling quad bike A 40-year-old man was flown to hospital after he rolled a quad bike on a Hawke's Bay… Bay of Plenty Times Boy flown to hospital after tree fall A 9-year-old boy was flown to hospital this afternoon after suffering abdominal injuries… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Holden reveal the final Aussie Commodores they'll ever make Holden Commodore V8 fans await the three end-of-the-line LS3 eight-cylinder limited edition… Viva Fun things to do this weekend Film, music, and shopping suggestions for the weekend ahead True Commercial Colliers research: 10 predictions for 2017 Colliers International’s Research team has released its Top 10 Predictions for 2017… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 20 Jan 2017 04:49:18 Processing Time: 16ms
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Top Home Automation Investments Looking for the best places for your investment dollars in the home automation segment? Here are some ideas Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jan 17, 2017 at 7:12PM If you're considering an investment in the home automation segment, there are a mind-boggling number of choices. You can invest in individual component manufacturers, professional systems installation companies, or managed services. We will look at some of the best in each category. Home automation falls into three very broad categories. Let's look at a few potential investments in each: Professionally installed systems. Managed service systems. Do-it-yourself (DIY). Home automation is reaching into every aspect of our lives. Image source: Pixabay. The whole shebang Professionally installed systems are integrated when the home is built or a retrofit is done. There are several such companies, but most are privately held. One exception, that's also a leader in the field -- is Control4 Corporation (NASDAQ:CTRL). This is the only pure play on the list. This company is extremely small, with a market cap of about $265 million, at the time of writing. It provides a wide variety of systems and options and serves both the home and business markets. It provides choices in all the major component categories including lighting and environment controls, entertainment, security, and networks to control them all. It also integrates with over 10,000 existing third-party products.  On the operational side, the company has been growing revenue and earnings, up 27% and 49%, respectively, year over year in the most recent quarter. It has been expanding gross margin and investing in sales and marketing efforts, which Control4 believes will result in additional revenue growth. It has been developing internationally and acquired Pakedge Networking last year. Control4 believes that having its own networking solution will not only drive revenues but also help dealers identify issues in customer networks, leading to greater levels of customer satisfaction. The company is growing its network of dealers that install its products and increasing its addressable market by providing solutions for middle-income homeowners while still serving the luxury market. This company seems to be pursuing growth in a smart and measured way, and the stock will probably move higher. The future of awesome Image source: Comcast. Managed service systems offer a more limited range of offerings, centered mostly on security, while charging a monthly monitoring fee. The best way to play this segment may be an investment in Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA). Its service is security based but also provides lighting and environment controls, while already having an "in" with networks and entertainment from its cable and broadband offerings. It sees this market as a natural extension of its existing business. Having its own broadband provides distinct advantages, allowing it to control that portion of the equation. The company has consistently grown both revenue and earnings over the past five years, and the stock has increased 174% to the S&P's 73% over the same time period.   Alexa, can you find my... ? The do-it-yourself market is much more cluttered and provides a variety of options to the discerning investor. Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Alexa, Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Assistant, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Siri all represent entries into the nascent virtual-assistant category, and all offer a multitude of products that integrate with their devices. Each of these virtual assistants responds to voice commands. Amazon Echo and Echo Dot. Image source: Amazon.com. Amazon currently has the advantage of a yearlong head start with its Amazon Echo speaker system, powered by Alexa. It has meanwhile been integrating Alexa into its other products, including its Echo range, Tap, and Fire TV. This advantage should not be underestimated. Amazon released Alexa to third-party hardware providers that have been integrating Alexa into their products.  The list of products Amazon's assistant can partner with is quite extensive, including such diverse offerings as hubs -- which control and network the system -- lighting, and environmental, as well as a laundry list of big-name service partners. Not to be outdone, Apple recently released its HomeKit, which comes with its Siri pedigree and its own list of iCompatible device categories that include alarms and sensors, heating and cooling, and lights and switches. These are compatible across a wide swath of iPod, iPads, and, of course, iPhones.   iPhone 7 powered by Siri. Image source: Apple, Inc. Google, though late to the party, wants to steal the show. The Google Assistant is the brains behind the Google Home smart speaker and is integrated into the majority of Google-branded hardware products, including Android phones, Chromecast, and Android TV. It will also network with Google's software programs, including Google Calendar and Maps. In a recent research report, analytics firm IHS Markit reported that it believes that Google Smart Speakers will overtake Echo's lead by 2020.   Did I mention that these three companies also have other businesses? Image source: Google. No company is perfect, and each of these suggestions comes with its own potential downside. Amazon's dominance as an e-retailer is well known, and home automation is one of many additional revenue streams it's pursuing. Since it has a P/E of 187, investors need to understand that if home automation is what they're interested in, they're paying a premium for Amazon's projected growth in online retail and the plethora of ventures it's pursuing. Google's premium is much more reasonable, with a P/E of 30, but similar to Amazon, home automation represents only a small fraction of its business. Apple is the most reasonably priced of the three, with a P/E of 14, but be aware that its share price, along with the majority of its revenue and income, depends directly on the success or failure of its ubiquitous iPhone and its release cycles. The Foolish final word While not inclusive, this list provides investors with a starting point to invest in the home-automation segment. There are many ways to play this burgeoning market, so maybe one should ask "Alexa, what's the best home automation investment?" On second thought, better not: Her answer might be biased. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Danny Vena owns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $85 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, long January 2018 $640 calls on Alphabet (C shares), and short January 2018 $650 calls on Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) I am a long-term investor who looks for intangibles that will provide for explosive growth opportunities for my investments. Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:12PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.77 down $0.22 (-0.18%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $826.87 down $-2.15 (-0.26%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $809.81 up $2.33 (0.29%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $72.39 up $0.10 (0.14%) Control4 NASDAQ:CTRL $11.33 no change (0.00%) Read More Alexa Could Be Amazon's "Fourth Pillar" Amazon.com Has Officially Begun Drone Delivery 3 Stocks Worth Stuffing in Holiday Stockings This Year Amazon.com's Next Product Could Be a Game-Changer Amazon Is Building the Fourth Pillar of Its Business Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Top Home Automation Investments @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $CMCSA, $CTRL
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 19, 10:26 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Drive Outage: Users Experience Slow Load Times When Accessing Docs Stored In Cloud By Corazon Victorino On 01/17/17 AT 8:04 PM Close Google Drive is driving a lot of users crazy this Tuesday. The secure cloud storage and file backup service is apparently experiencing major outage in the U.S., so many users are unable to load their files quickly or not load them at all.  According to CNET, the Google Drive issue was experienced mainly by U.S. users. The service’s speed when it comes to loading has greatly diminished that some users were unable to access the documents they stored in the cloud.  Google has already recognized the existence of this outage. On the G Suite Status Dashboard, it is stated there that the problem started around 8:41 a.m. PT. When the issue began, less than 10.3 percent of active users were affected. Google added that it was carrying out an investigation to solve the issue.  A few hours later, Google stated that the service has already been restored for some of its users. However, the company failed to disclose the estimated percentage of users that were still experiencing the slow load times.  Amid the outage, many disappointed users took to social media to voice out their concern, as reported by The Next Web. Many people use Google’s service when storing documents for work or for personal use. Google Keep and Google Classroom users were also affected by the problem. Hence, it is not surprising that Twitter became flooded with questions about Google Drive since the outage began. Related Stories Creator of Google's Android Wants To Make A New Smartphone Android 7.1.1 Nougat Brings Bluetooth Issues To Nexus 5X And Nexus 6P How To Hail An Uber Using Google Maps The outage reportedly caused users to see the spinning beach ball animation instead of the files they intended to access, as per TechCrunch. Because Google Drive is the core of the company’s productivity tools and services, many people were hoping that Google could sort out the issue as quickly as possible.  As of press time, the service is back to normal. Google has also apologized for the inconvenience the outage caused, and it thanked its customers for their patience and continued support.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Rick Perry Had Financial Stake In Dakota Access Pipeline Donald Trump's pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency was having his confirmation hearing held Thursday. Technology 'Overwatch' Next Seasonal Event Kicking Off Next Week Blizzard Entertainment is preparing for the next seasonal event of its team-based multiplayer first-person shooter game “Overwatch.” World South Korean Man Kidnapped And Killed By Philippines Police Although the officers reportedly abducted the man on pretense of narcotics, South Korean authorities say the businessman was not involved in drug activity in the Philippines. National Protesters Vow To Obstruct Trump's Inauguration Protests and events are scheduled to take place throughout the nation’s capitol, with demonstrators promising to block security checkpoints and parade routes while Trump assumes the Oval Office/ © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile may begin displaying Google Pixel in its stores T-Mobile may begin displaying Google Pixel in its stores December 13, 2016 Alex Wagner 74 Comments T-Mobile may not be officially carrying the Google Pixel, but T-Mo is making an effort to get consumers to bring their Pixels to the T-Mobile network. Now a report claims that T-Mobile may be making another move to advertise the T-Mo-Pixel combo. T-Mobile is planning to display the Google Pixel in some retail stores, says Android Police. To be clear, this does not mean that the Pixel will be available for purchase in these stores. It’s expected that the employees will point interested customers to the Google Store or Best Buy if they want to buy a Pixel. It’s expected that T-Mobile will announce this plan to display the Pixel in stores either today or tomorrow. Ever since the Google Pixel phones were official, they’ve been advertised as being only available from Verizon, despite the fact that you could buy them unlocked from places like the Google Store and Best Buy. T-Mobile has been fighting back against this marketing, like with its Bring Your Own Pixel offer. Now it sounds like T-Mo will be taking things a step further by advertising the Pixel in its stores, which will help it to reach consumers that might not know about or may have forgotten about the BYOP deal. Source: Android Police Tags: Google, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, leaks About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Fluent in whisk(e)y, video games, and phones. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile will push Samsung’s update to disable Galaxy Note 7 on December 27 T-Mobile Tuesdays offering free Subway, T-Mo gear, and more next week → Walt Dumb Ben Pike T-Mobile did the same thing before they officially carried the iPhone – in our store we had an unlocked iPhone on display with a T-Mobile SIM in it just to show that it could be done. Walt Why display something you’re not going to sell? With the iphone they planned on selling it. The pixel has no hope of selling via t-mobile Ben Pike ¯_(ツ)_/¯ FILA right, “Did you buy a Verizon Pixel? Bring it to T-Mobile, we will give you this credit” JohnCorleone I can’t get over the people who are just holding on to hope for the Note 7 despite the fact that they are really trying to get every single one returned and some people just won’t trade it in EVEN WITH A $1000 credit and free accessories! I was on a cross country flight the very first day after the “voluntary recall” was announced. The pilot announced that anyone who has the device must power it down until cruising altitude…then it turned into “powered off for the entire flight”…now a Canadian phone company is sending out an update that disables EVERY feature except for the Wi-Fi! It will disable the phone, Bluetooth, etc. I knew that eventually Samsung was going to have a problem like this. They mass produce so many devices and the early run batches always have a problem like “pink tinted screen”, auto brightness broken, system crashes, etc. I had all of the early Galaxy and the Note devices and then they were a large enough company that makes all kinds of tech stuff and they went after the iPhone! I eventually switched to HTC ONE X and I have now had 6 HTC devices 4 different models on different carriers and they ALL still work! But…so does my Nexus S 4G and Galaxy Nexus which was Sprint’s first “LTE” device that never got LTE until the phone was over a year old and that was in a few places! I still love the build quality of that phone though. I use it on Wi-Fi only and change CM13 themes every day! My Nexus S 4G is still perfect as well. Too bad that little phone lost support at 4.2.2…if any of you have the old Galaxy Nexus, when you are bored, flash a new CM13 ROM on it…the split screen/dual app works, everything works and the phone is faster than when it was new! Geoffrey They didn’t decide not to sell it. They can’t sell it. But they can show that it works outside of VZW since non techies will assume that its VZW device when it is of course unlocked. Andrew Soukup In addition anyone can buy an unlocked version straight from Google. No need to involve Verizon. AJ2 It is true that the commercials are misleading for people who dont read mobile blogs. It makes it sound like the device only works on Verizon,w which is not true. Tmobile must have research saying customers want the Pixel Andrew Singleton there wasn’t always a plan to sell it. 90% of americans dont understand what network locking is, and the iphone held the power, as a vessel for wireless service, to sway a carrier decision based on availability. that’s why tmo did it then and that’s why they should do it now. bill evans Waste of space circa476 Verizon has a limited exclusive on the Pixel. Once that exclusivity agreement expires, its open season. I imagine it will end next month. Andrew Soukup I heard it’s 2 years. Ty Christensen Please tell me they’re going to sell this soon, my Nexus 4 which I’ve had since it launched over 4 years ago is driving me crazy and my credit is horrible so I can’t finance the Pixel through the play store but I’m on my parents plan for TMo and they have perfect credit so I could get this through TMo with payments! steadymobb No you cannot. You can’t do Tmo monthly payments unless they’re selling it with tmobile Ty Christensen Thanks captain obvious, read my comment again, I said “please tell me they’re going to sell this”. I didn’t say they’re selling it. Thank you. J. Williams Makes sense. Show something you’re not selling lol. AJ2 Well that would be UN carrier like SirStephenH Pointless and kind of false advertising. If I walk into a carrier’s store then I expect to be able to purchase any device on display in the store through said carrier. Toasted_Cracker Agreed. This is going to confuse a lot of customers and cause the ones that always want something for nothing to show their ass. vikings football how will it be confusing if sales rep tells the customers that the device is carrier exclusive to verizon but can be used with tmobile? besides, im sure there will some kind of memo/note next to the display unit…nothing confusing about that LOL Toasted_Cracker You’re giving way too much credit to the general public. steadymobb Lol “Ohh no, you can’t buy that here you have to go to another store… But you can use it with our network!” So dumb Elier Ruiz That’s right. Why do it. Andrew Soukup They can buy it in the store. It is available online, and they can walk the customer through the purchase. Easy. steadymobb That’s not really the same as buying it IN store, and walking away with one. Andrew Soukup Agreed. However Pixel is positioning itself to be the “android iphone”. A vertically integrated, all-in-one nickel and dime enterprise. Mobile is killing search revenue so Google needs to “innovate” i.e. jump on the Apple wagon. T-mo sees this playing out and wants to squeeze in even though they were cut out. T-Mo has also repeatedly gone for the throat with Verizon, so it is a great opportunity for synergy of purpose. They piss off Verizon and cement loyalty with early adopters that help shape public opinion in the coming years. Overall it is a much better response than pretending the device does not exist. Looking at you Sprint. JohnCorleone I completely agree! I have had a few phones on Sprint, a couple on AT&T (their data caps are brutal and they throttle your speed before you get to the cap! Verizon always has good signal but they really lock down non Google phones plus Verizon and AT&T have major contracts with the intelligence agencies. They share everything…also smaller companies use their towers. Actually, MetroPCS uses the same new towers as T-Mobile so $30 will get you an unlimited everything plan.. I don’t think that you get the Wi-Fi calling and texting though but $30 for the EXACT SAME network T-Mobile is constantly expanding. I want to see if I can take my old Samsung Galaxy Nexus and put it on Metro since that device is actually still getting weekly CM13 builds and they are stable and have every feature the Pixel does if you add Xposed and Assistant enabler AJ2 Still dont understand why Google would have signed an exclusive with a single carrier if they’re marketing this as a flagship iPhone alternative. It makes absolutely no sense Andrew Singleton couldn’t agree more. they really had something. Philip Is this the same screen material as the S7 or Note 5? FILA Greatest phone since the Nexus 5. Damn I miss my beloved time with my Nexus 5 PiCASSiMO I’ll sell you mine Nexus 5… 32GB North America variant (D820). gmo8492 T-Mobile should do this with other BYOD phones like the Axon 7, Huawei Mate 8 and OnePlus 3. It could be an interesting view at how this marketing strategy can lure more buyers away from locked down networks like Verizon. KMB877 And, they may help BYOD phones with wi-fi calling application. PiCASSiMO That would be AWESOME. My wife’s Axon A1 could certainly use WiFi calling in her office at work. Andrew Singleton The deal only exists because it’s a major phone launch + an exclusive deal at verizon. TMO is just sending a message to the public that the device is fully compatible and you dont have to get verizon to have it. ZTE and Huawei don’t have the power to sway a carrier decision yet! smacsteve I bought a Pixel XL from Google Play Store and when I went to active it I found that not only is there a known issue with the Pixel on T-Mobile’s network, but also it doesn’t support Channel 12, T-Mobile’s most significant LTE Band! So here I have a Pixel that works in HSPA+ at best! Fortunately I have a Verizon line for work that I’m able to use it on quite well! J. Williams Hmm…this is the first I’ve heard this. No issues with the Pixel XL in my use, also band 12 is not something a phone HAS to have. It’s used for getting through certain walls and buildings, but NOT needed. 2/4 are the MAIN bands for T-Mobile, so I don’t understand why you would be on HSPA+ full time instead of LTE. Band 12 is NOT the the reason you do not have LTE, no way. smacsteve As I said. The Pixel has a known issue with getting LTE on band 4 and I went through 3 SIM cards over as many days and talked to 2 techs on TMO Customer Support and nothing worked. JohnCorleone Sometimes the people who work in the stores do the “quick programming” on phones. It has happened to me before and I had to call tech support and go through the full initial programming setup UniBroW The Pixel has band 12 KMB877 Silly question – are you keeping Wi-Fi on? PiCASSiMO Interesting…so in your Pixel XL unit you happen to not get LTE Band 12 along with spotty LTE Band 4. But the actual Pixel and Pixel XL is capable of supporting both 4 and 12 LTE bands. https://madeby.google.com/phone/specs/ North America GSM: Quad-band GSM UMTS/WCDMA: B 1/2/4/5/8 CDMA: BC0/BC1/BC10 TD-SCDMA: N/A FDD LTE: B 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/20/25/26/28/29/30 TDD LTE: B 41 LTE 2xCA: B2+B2, B2+B4, B2+B5, B2+B12, B2+B13, B2+B17, B2+B29, B2+B30, B4+B4, B4+B5, B4+B7, B4+B12, B4+B13, B4+B17, B4+B29, B4+B30, B5+B30, B7+B7, B12+B30, B25+B25, B29+B30, B41+B41 LTE 3xCA: B2+B2+B12, B2+B2+B13, B2+B4+B4, B2+B4+B5, B2+B4+B12, B2+B4+B13, B2+B4+B29, B2+B5+B30, B2+B12+B30, B2+B29+B30, B4+B4+B12, B4+B4+B13, B4+B5+B30, B4+ B7+ B12, B4+B12+B30, B4+B29+B30, B41+B41+B41 themak Don’t spread false information, it does work with TMO and supports band 12. Allen Alberto Enriquez It could be that their preparing to have have it some time next year while doing this ad thing to generate clients towards Google products. Crossing my fingers Inappropriate posting Alex with T-monews, someone fell asleep at the helm and did block the above inappropriate posting. Inappropriate posting Correction: Alex with T-monews, someone fell asleep at the helm and did NOT block the above inappropriate posting. neospade44 Just sell the Pixel already. I’d get 2 as soon as they’re out. AJ2 It might not be a decision Tmobile can just make because Google signed an exclusive contract with Verizon Paul Garrison I say just wait until you can actually carry the thing. A customer walks into the T-Mobile store and see the Pixel and loves it, but learns that he either has to purchase it elsewhere or go to Verizon to use monthly payment. You could lose customers with this tactic. Andrew Soukup They could help the customer purchase it through Google there at the store. T-Mo has some of the best trained staff in regard to tactical logistics. steadymobb LOL yeah – sure NapoPeb I guess the 6-8 week wait will go down just fine with them eh? Mike Guess they display the phone just to piss off verizon. Buy it through google project fi and save. Andrew Singleton customers are crazy about it, actually. reps are educated and curious enough to be able to speak to it’s quality and it could really help business combined with tmo’s $325 back offer. AJ2 I dont have a Pixel but a Nexus with Project Fi. I kept looking to see if Tmoblie has any offers for a single person bringing their own phone & they dont. So Project Fi is still a great deal given my usage. Andrew Singleton all tmo plans are always independant of device purchase, so don’t hold your breath. right now, if you purchase a pixel and bring it to t-mobile on the $70 unlimited plan, they will give you $13.54 per month discount, for 24 months, to pay you back for half of it. $56/m for unlimited data + north america is a deal if you ask me! samsung freud Kinda reminds me of that old christmas movie with James Deans girlfriend where they tell everyone to shop at other stores for xmas presents that they don’t sell. Andrew Singleton as an employee, i am SO regretful we didn’t carry this device. steady stream of customers asking about it every day. vinnyjr Bad move on T-Mobile, should have stocked the Google Pixel. Very popular device. AJ2 Google made a deal with Verizon for some strange reason, considering they put money into marketing this as a Google flagship and iPhone alternative NapoPeb Strange? You jest, surely? It’s clear as crystal why Google made the (correct) decision to pair with VZW. Their previous phones simply did not capture the attention of anyone outside of knowledgeable buyers, who are a distinct minority. For Google’s flagship phone to be successful it needed to be in the #1 carrier store where people still continue to buy their mobile phones from. And surprise, it’s worked. The Pixel is a success story! Panzer By that Logic every Motorola phone would be outselling iphones. Carrier exclusivity is just BS. They limited it to Verizon out of fear of failure so they let Verizon cut them a check to off set the risk. NapoPeb No. That was not my logic. My logic was that a phone does far better sold in a carrier store than direct from the manufacturer. The Moto phones wouldn’t have sold at all had they not been in VZW retail stores. That you don’t get this is concerning. Panzer Than you’re point was poorly made as both the Nexus 5 and 6 (not sure about the 5x/6p) were sold in retail stores including Verizon. NapoPeb Right, but they were also sold by other carriers and hardly promoted. I take your point on that though. Santos Chavez Yes they were but Verizon didn’t advertise them at all, because they weren’t exclusive to Verizon. The Pixel is–hence, Verizon pools all of their advertising budget into it, spawning hundreds of billboards and several TV ads, as well as front and center views in all Verizon stores (there’s even signs on the front door advertising it). That’s why having Verizon exclusivity was actually a good thing for the Pixel; it got its name out there. Next year the other carriers will want a slice of that pie, which will further boost the exposure of the Pixel brand. jonzey231 The Nexus 5 was not sold in stores by Verizon lol. It supported CDMA but only Sprint’s bands… Panzer The 5 wasn’t but the 6 was. jonzey231 I know, which is why I said, “The Nexus 5 was not sold in stores by Verizon…” AJ2 It should offer people a couple hundred dollars credit in installments if they bring their Pixel to Tmobile el_perezo This us a bullcrap deal. You need to read the fine print. I paid full price at Best Buy for a Pixel XL to use on T-Mobile and take advantage of the promo. But what does T-Mobile do to a 10 year customer and someone who has spend thousands of dollars on their phones. They deny me the promo because im not on a T-Mobile One plan nor wished to change to one. Panzer I don’t buy it for a second; who displays a phone they don’t sell? T-mobile will be selling the pixel by summer 2017 mark my words. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog LG now sending Save the Dates for February 26 event at MWC Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro is the company's first phone with 6GB of RAM Android One in the U.S.: A good replacement for Nexus? Super Mario Run for Android will launch in March Samsung Galaxy S8 front panels reportedly shown in leaked photos Google app for Android gaining offline search feature Verizon launches ‘Just for you’ 5GB promo plan for $55 per month Android And Me Super Mario Run launches for Android Alleged Samsung Galaxy S8 front panels OnePlus 3 and 3T getting OxygenOS 4.0.2 Google’s offline search queue has Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth Google’s Android One program said TodaysiPhone Supply chain rumor suggests Apple Pencil Analyst: iPhone 8 to introduce facial Apple Music gains CBS Sports Radio streaming Malwarebytes discovers new ‘Fruitfly’ Apple Pay adds a dozen new banks and Former engineer says Tim Cook has turned AT&T shuts down its 2G network, making About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 17 GOOG: 804.61 -3.27 Google Contributor users receiving refund & cancellation notices, successor still MIA Ben Schoon - Jan. 17th 2017 4:25 pm PT @NexusBen Google google contributor View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Late last year Google announced that one of its services, Google Contributor, would be closed and subsequently replaced by another new program. Up until last week, the service was still fully functioning for many active subscribers, but today Google pulled out the rug, closing out all active accounts. Over the course of a few hours earlier today, Google sent emails to active Contributor subscribers to notify them that their accounts had been closed with no new orders to come from that subscription. Further, the email details the amount spent on the service, number of sites affected by it, and the total balance that was remaining in the account. Of course, that remaining balance is being refunded to all subscribers. Google Contributor, if you’ll recall, was Google’s way to help internet users “thin out” the number of ads seen on a website by replacing AdSense blocks with empty space. Obviously, many already do this with ad blockers, but those tend to hurt the sites visited because it takes away potential revenue and hurts the paycheck of those working for the site (hint hint). Contributor, on the other hand, charged users a small monthly fee of their choosing to take away a portion of the ads on a page without hurting the site’s revenue. Over the course of the service’s lifetime I paid between $3-$6 a month and I never regretted a dime of it. Now, it seems that the service is dead, and Google’s promised replacement is nowhere to be seen. Google stated the service would arrive early in 2017, so, the clock’s ticking… Guides Google View THe Guide google contributor View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat Arc Awards Winners The best of branded storytelling, presented by Screenvision Media So Rude! This passive-aggressive billboard coughs when smokers are nearby Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Headlines: Press: Cosmopolitan's New Editor Is B… TV: Crackle Insists It Can Thrive … Tech: Snapchat Is Now Pitching Brand… Ads & Brands: Ad of the Day: See If You Can … Here's What Marketers Can Expect From Pinterest in 2017 President Tim Kendall talks video, measurement and size By Lauren Johnson January 17, 2017, 7:25 PM EST Technology Kendall joined Pinterest from Facebook in 2012 and was promoted to president in 2015. Two and a half years after launching its first paid ads, Pinterest is finally ready to compete head-on with Google, Facebook, Snap Inc. and others for big brand dollars. Specifically, the San Francisco-based player has spent a couple of years building a measurement and data tool, search-like targeting and video ads to make the case for bigger brand budgets. But Pinterest's ad business has been slower than others to catch on—it reportedly made $300 million in 2016—partly because its 150 million monthly users are small potatoes to behemoths like Google or Facebook. "I think people have crossed into a threshold where they're really paying attention and seeing us as a platform where they need to invest in the same way that they have to invest on Google and Facebook—I didn't feel that a year ago," said Tim Kendall, Pinterest's president. Adweek talked to Kendall about the virtual pin board's video, measurement and ad plans for 2017 and why more brands are buying into the site's advertising. Adweek: You've been president of Pinterest for about 10 months and have made a number of acquisitions, hires and new features. What can we expect for 2017? Tim Kendall: The eye-opening point that you're going to hear from us all year is, "We're a mass reach play." A marketer tends to think, "If I want mass reach with my customer, I go to Facebook with their 1.7 billion users or I go to Instagram because they have 600 million users." But if you think about the major CPGs and retailers, the audience that drives all the decision-making are women, 25 to 54. If you want to reach those people, we reach 80 percent of what Facebook reaches every month. And we reach more of that segment than Instagram, Snap or Twitter. With the rise of Snapchat and other digital platforms, are you worried about attracting millennial and Gen Z users?  We just looked at this, but I actually think on a millennial basis we're pretty comparable to Snapchat and we're significantly bigger than Snapchat when you're trying to reach female millennials. Pinterest has always been a platform for marketers, but it hasn't ever broken out in a big way. What is it going to take? I would agree that there's a perception that Pinterest is just there. I built all of Facebook's ad products in 2006 and 2007, and the conversations that I'm having with marketers right now are conversations that I had with marketers in 2008 and 2009. The perception of Pinterest kind of being there but not having crossed into the main fold of advertising spend is driven by a bit of a distorted view about how Google and Facebook got to where they got. The revenue trajectory that we're on is steeper than the trajectory that I saw when I was at Facebook. From 2014 to 2015 we quadrupled revenue from $25 million to $100 million, according to The Wall Street Journal. And from 2015 to 2016, we tripled revenue. Where do you expect revenue to be this year? We're not talking about that publicly. I expect us to grow significantly. Pinterest historically skews toward women. Are you doing anything specifically to target males and get them onto the platform? We don't feel like we need to. If I looked at our sign-ups today, 40 percent of them are male and one in four men in the United States are on the service. When I joined five years ago, we were 98 percent female and 2 percent male. Now it's about 70 [percent female], 30 [percent male]. The other thing that is lost on advertisers and sometimes journalists is that there's an assumption that every other platform is 50/50 female/male and that's not the case—all social networks skew female. Instagram is 60/40. There's also a perception that Pinterest ads are primarily for retailers. True or false? We're very strong in retail, but I would say equally strong in consumer-packaged goods, including beauty. L'Oréal and Estée Lauder are two of our biggest advertisers. We have seen success with entertainment, especially in 2016, but candidly it's not at the same scale as retail. We've also seen really good success with financial services. When women find out that they're pregnant, as an example, they create a board within a week for the nursery, clothing and all of the other stuff associated with having a baby. This fall, Pinterest opened up video advertising. Why are you seeing long-form video take off more than short clips? I think it's easy in 10 seconds to entertain. I think it's harder in 10 seconds to inspire and educate. But don't misconstrue long form for 10 minutes—I think it's 30 to 90 seconds. What we see with that category of video is that it gets saved at a 50 percent higher rate on the platform than shorter, bite-size content. In light of Facebook and Twitter's recent video measurement flubs, there's been a lot of concern from marketers about platform-specific data. Are advertisers happy with measurement on Pinterest? Last-touch attribution is easy and it's undisputable—that is the very nature of the bottom of the funnel. It's also where I would argue that the least amount of incremental value gets created for the marketer. The way that Facebook has gotten scale is by building a phenomenal product that allows marketers to remarket to people who are already in the market and then get last-touch credit. But our view is that credits just get pushed around at the bottom of the funnel, and we believe that the real value to a marketer is new growth. We talk about that internally as first touch and what we want to do through these measurement partnerships is show the advertising world that first touch creates as much, if not more value, than last touch. This story first appeared in the January 16, 2017 issue of Adweek magazine. Click here to subscribe. Get the Technology Today newsletter: Check out our other newsletters: Daily Digest Brandweek Technology Today The AdFreak Daily Advertising & Branding Television Today Television Upfront Digital Content NewFronts Promotions & Offers   Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: Magazine Content, Pinterest, Tim Kendall Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! About the Author Lauren Johnson is a staff writer for Adweek. Follow Comments View the discussion thread. 7 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Zeppelin Hall Beer Garden Social Media Strategist Grand Street Property Management Downtown Jersey City See More Jobs Editor's Picks Crackle Insists It Can Thrive Even After Losing Jerry Seinfeld and Its Signature Show Ad of the Day: See If You Can Guess What This Lady on the Run Is Promoting This Art Director Got Nowhere With His Agency Job Hunt, So He Pretended to Be a Client Melissa McCarthy Will Star in Kia's 60-Second Super Bowl Ad for the Niro Hybrid This Is Us, the Season's Breakout Hit, Has Been Renewed for 2 More Seasons Here Are the Top 10 Super Bowl Ads on YouTube Snapchat Is Now Pitching Brands on Sequential Video Ads FCB Hires mcgarrybowen's Global CMO to Fill Top Communications Role Advertisement Adweek Blog Network Follow @Adweek Two and a half years after launching its first paid ads, Pinterest is finally ready to compete head-on with Google, Facebook, Snap Inc. and others for big brand dollars. Specifically, the San Francisco-based player has spent a couple of years building a measurement and data tool, search-like targeting and video ads to make the case for bigger brand budgets. But Pinterest's ad business has been slower than others to catch on—it reportedly made $300 million in 2016—partly because its 150 million monthly users are small potatoes to behemoths like Google or Facebook. "I think people have crossed into a threshold where they're really paying attention and seeing us as a platform where they need to invest in the same way that they have to invest on Google and Facebook—I didn't feel that a year ago," said Tim Kendall, Pinterest's president. Adweek talked to Kendall about the virtual pin board's video, measurement and ad plans for 2017 and why more brands are buying into the site's advertising. Adweek: You've been president of Pinterest for about 10 months and have made a number of acquisitions, hires and new features. What can we expect for 2017? Tim Kendall: The eye-opening point that you're going to hear from us all year is, "We're a mass reach play." A marketer tends to think, "If I want mass reach with my customer, I go to Facebook with their 1.7 billion users or I go to Instagram because they have 600 million users." But if you think about the major CPGs and retailers, the audience that drives all the decision-making are women, 25 to 54. If you want to reach those people, we reach 80 percent of what Facebook reaches every month. And we reach more of that segment than Instagram, Snap or Twitter. With the rise of Snapchat and other digital platforms, are you worried about attracting millennial and Gen Z users?  We just looked at this, but I actually think on a millennial basis we're pretty comparable to Snapchat and we're significantly bigger than Snapchat when you're trying to reach female millennials. Pinterest has always been a platform for marketers, but it hasn't ever broken out in a big way. What is it going to take? I would agree that there's a perception that Pinterest is just there. I built all of Facebook's ad products in 2006 and 2007, and the conversations that I'm having with marketers right now are conversations that I had with marketers in 2008 and 2009. The perception of Pinterest kind of being there but not having crossed into the main fold of advertising spend is driven by a bit of a distorted view about how Google and Facebook got to where they got. The revenue trajectory that we're on is steeper than the trajectory that I saw when I was at Facebook. From 2014 to 2015 we quadrupled revenue from $25 million to $100 million, according to The Wall Street Journal. And from 2015 to 2016, we tripled revenue. Where do you expect revenue to be this year? We're not talking about that publicly. I expect us to grow significantly. Pinterest historically skews toward women. Are you doing anything specifically to target males and get them onto the platform? We don't feel like we need to. If I looked at our sign-ups today, 40 percent of them are male and one in four men in the United States are on the service. When I joined five years ago, we were 98 percent female and 2 percent male. Now it's about 70 [percent female], 30 [percent male]. The other thing that is lost on advertisers and sometimes journalists is that there's an assumption that every other platform is 50/50 female/male and that's not the case—all social networks skew female. Instagram is 60/40. There's also a perception that Pinterest ads are primarily for retailers. True or false? We're very strong in retail, but I would say equally strong in consumer-packaged goods, including beauty. L'Oréal and Estée Lauder are two of our biggest advertisers. We have seen success with entertainment, especially in 2016, but candidly it's not at the same scale as retail. We've also seen really good success with financial services. When women find out that they're pregnant, as an example, they create a board within a week for the nursery, clothing and all of the other stuff associated with having a baby. This fall, Pinterest opened up video advertising. Why are you seeing long-form video take off more than short clips? I think it's easy in 10 seconds to entertain. I think it's harder in 10 seconds to inspire and educate. But don't misconstrue long form for 10 minutes—I think it's 30 to 90 seconds. What we see with that category of video is that it gets saved at a 50 percent higher rate on the platform than shorter, bite-size content. In light of Facebook and Twitter's recent video measurement flubs, there's been a lot of concern from marketers about platform-specific data. Are advertisers happy with measurement on Pinterest? Last-touch attribution is easy and it's undisputable—that is the very nature of the bottom of the funnel. It's also where I would argue that the least amount of incremental value gets created for the marketer. The way that Facebook has gotten scale is by building a phenomenal product that allows marketers to remarket to people who are already in the market and then get last-touch credit. But our view is that credits just get pushed around at the bottom of the funnel, and we believe that the real value to a marketer is new growth. We talk about that internally as first touch and what we want to do through these measurement partnerships is show the advertising world that first touch creates as much, if not more value, than last touch. This story first appeared in the January 16, 2017 issue of Adweek magazine. Click here to subscribe. Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2017 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Store Adds LifeProof FRE Cases for Pixel & Pixel XL – Android Headlines Posted on January 17, 2017 by Android Headlines The Google Pixel and Pixel XL just gained some pretty impressive waterproof cases from LifeProof. The Google Store has added the LifeProof FRE Series of cases for both variants of the Pixel, and they start at $89.95 a piece. Which is pretty expensive … LifeProof FRĒ waterproof cases for the Pixel and Pixel XL are now on the Google Store for $90 a popAndroid Police Google Pixel Selling Well On Verizon: Report Shows Demand ‘Exceeding Supply’Tech Times Flying off the shelves: Demand for the Pixel and Pixel XL now exceeds supplyDigital Trends BGR -Phandroid.com -9 to 5 Google -TechSpot all 76 news articles …read more wrote 25149 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Overwatch’ Is Smartly Planning A Chinese New Year Event, ‘Year of the Rooster’ – Forbes LinkedIn debuts new desktop version with chatbots, new search and more – TechCrunch New iPads Might Not Launch Until Sometime in the Second Half of 2017 – Mac Rumors Panasonic wants to expand Tesla partnership to sensors for self-driving – TechCrunch Netflix Beats Subscriber Count Target By 36% As Growth Strategy Pays Off – Forbes Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
हिन्दी Australia 台灣 / 中國 China (English) Indonesia Singapore UK News Press Releases by PR Newswire PitchOff Team Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Facebook Twitter Google+ Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Facebook Twitter Google+ Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Gadgets News Take a look at the first Android Wear 2.0 devices: The Watch Sport and Watch Style 2 days ago Mudit Mohilay Google is expected to bring in some seriously significant updates with its Android Wear 2.0 platform. The company is expected to launch the first along a series of new device running the OS on the 9th of February, but who will wait that long? We now have the first two devices running the Android 2.0 OS for you to take a look at, right here. The watches are the result of a collaboration between Google and LG. The two have previously partnered up to create Google’s Nexus devices as well. This time though, the collaboration will be producing the Watch Sport and the Watch Style. The devices are expected to be unveiled on the 9th of Feb and go for sale in the US from the following day. The watches are also expected to occupy the limelight in LG’s booth at the Mobile World Congress event, which is schedules to kick off from February 27 in Barcelona. They were first reported last year in July by Android Police. Coming back to the watches, the Sport variant appears to be the flagship device of the two. It measures a 14.2-millimeter and will come in titanium and dark blue color options. The Watch Style on the other hand, will measure reasonably thinner at merely 10.8-millimeter. The Watch Style also comes with a variety of swappable straps and is available in either of titanium, silver, and rose gold colors. Meanwhile, the Watch Sport is a shade better than Style — as far as the spec sheet is concerned.  The watch has face dimensions of 1.38 inches and 480 x 480 and packs 768 MB of RAM within the slender frame. Watch sport also has an internal storage of 4 GB versus and a large 430 mAh battery . Finally, Watch Sport can utilize the same phone number as the one in your own device, using untethered telephony. The Watch Style on the other hand, packs some what watered down specs as compared to Sport. The Watch Style has dimensions of 1.2-inch, 360 x 360 and packs 512 MB of RAM and 4 GB of internal storage. The whole device will be powered by a 240 mAh battery. While both the watches offer support for bluetooth and Wi-Fi facilities, only the Watch Sport offers you cellular connectivity on your wrist with the option to bring either 3G or LTE data networks into play. Interestingly enough, Watch Sport also has GPS and NFC radios, which should allow the watch to make use of the Android Pay capability. Sadly though, the Watch Style does not appear to have the features yet. Both the watches also offer iOS compatibility, giving users on the platform another alternative to the highly expensive Apple Watch. Speaking of Apple Watches, the Watch Sport and Watch Style both come with  a digital crown button to facilitate navigation and also pack Google Assistant to facilitate all sorts of stuff.  Finally, the devices are both water and dust resistance . Meanwhile, we will know more about the duo, including the all important price, once Google showcases them at its 9th of Feb event. Mudit Mohilay A bibliophile and a business enthusiast. [email protected] Tagsandroid wear featured smartwatch Watch Sport Watch Style You may also like Enterprise News Oracle acquires API development pioneer Apiary 2 mins ago Rohit Singh Jain Reflecting the continuing maturity of the API start-up space, Oracle Inc has acquired Prague-based Apiary for an undisclosed sum. Other terms of the... Internet News Mozilla debuts ‘The Internet Health Report,’ an open-source initiative to document the state of internet annually 2 hours ago Anmol Sachdeva Taking one step at a time, Mozilla first took the wraps off its fresh branding and logo yesterday evening. And now, the non-profit saviors of the... Internet News To combat online censorship, encrypted email provider ProtonMail launches Tor hidden service 3 hours ago Simran Agarwal Being one of the world’s largest encrypted email service provider, ProtonMail today announced the addition of Tor’s hidden services to... Internet News Rocket Internet’s investment arm closes $1 billion fund to invest in startups worldwide 3 hours ago Anmol Sachdeva Berlin-based internet giant Rocket Internet has announced that its investment firm Rocket Internet Capital Partners (RICP) has closed its fresh $1... Internet News Now Appointy customers will be able to gain appointments directly via Google searches 5 hours ago Anmol Sachdeva Towards the end of last year, the Mountain View-based tech giant debuted a new ‘Reserve with Google’ service to allow users to book... Gadgets News Vivo details the specs of its upcoming phones — V5 Plus and V5 Lite, prior to Jan 23 launch event 5 hours ago Simran Agarwal In an effort to uplift the momentum further up, Vivo detailed the specifications of its upcoming devices- Vivo V5 plus on its official website. The... Gaming News Resident Evil 7: Biohazard confirmed for Xbox Play Anywhere 5 hours ago Dhruv Chopra Capcom’s upcoming and highly awaited title Resident Evil 7: Biohazard, the latest and allegedly greatest instalment in the Biohazard series, is... News Startups Jio to further extend its free calling services with nominal data charges until June this year: Report 6 hours ago Simran Agarwal This past week, Reliance Jio announced its plans to pump additional Rs 30,000 crore to uplift the not-so-well network coverage. But, the company... Add Comment Click here to post a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Telegram could bring in support for voice calls and new themes soon HPE acquires data management platform SimpliVity in an all cash deal Comment Share This! Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest LinkedIn Subscribe Be a part of a thriving community of core-tech, no-nonsense readership in India. Subscribe to our post-by-post updates, right here. Email Address recommended HTC announces a new $1.5 Billion fund and research center for China Mudit Mohilay 2 Min Read the latest Oracle acquires API development pioneer Apiary Rohit Singh Jain 2 Min Read Mozilla debuts ‘The Internet Health Report,’ an open-source initiative to document the state of internet annually Anmol Sachdeva 4 Min Read To combat online censorship, encrypted email provider ProtonMail launches Tor hidden service Simran Agarwal 4 Min Read Rocket Internet’s investment arm closes $1 billion fund to invest in startups worldwide Anmol Sachdeva 2 Min Read Now Appointy customers will be able to gain appointments directly via Google searches Anmol Sachdeva 3 Min Read Subscribe Be a part of a thriving community of core-tech, no-nonsense readership in India. Subscribe to our post-by-post updates, right here. Email Address Share About Team <Contact GLOBAL NETWORK Australia 台灣 / 中國 China (English) Indonesian Singapore UK Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved TheTechPortal Facebook Twitter Google+
BUSINESS Mattel taps Google executive as new CEO Mattel Reed Saxon / Associated Press This 2007 file photo shows the Mattel headquarters in El Segundo. This 2007 file photo shows the Mattel headquarters in El Segundo. (Reed Saxon / Associated Press) Shan LiContact Reporter Mattel Inc. tapped a Google executive as its new chief executive, a sign that the company is going all in on technology as the future of its toys. Margaret Georgiadis is taking over the helm of the El Segundo company Feb. 8. She is replacing Christopher Sinclair, who was CEO for two years and will now serve as executive chairman. With its new CEO, Mattel is showing a willingness to look outside the industry for a leader with digital experience, analysts said. Toy makers are grappling with how to keep the attention of tech-savvy kids whose phones and tablet computers are loaded with games. “Online is really important for toys,” said Linda Bolton Weiser, senior analyst at B. Riley & Co. “Having that online capability both in terms of conveying content and hooking up with consumers” will be increasingly important. Georgiadis is stepping in the midst of a turnaround at Mattel. After several years of lackluster performance, Mattel has been rolling out new products and overhauling its corporate culture, which has been criticized for red tape and bureaucracy. Sales have revived for key brands such as Barbie, Fisher-Price and American Girl. Sinclair said Tuesday that Mattel has been “dramatically transformed” in the last two years. He lauded Georgiadis’ experience in building brands and engaging consumers “in a rapidly changing digital world.” Georgiadis worked at Google for eight years. Since 2011, she has served as president of Americas, responsible for Google’s advertising sales in the U.S., Canada and Latin America. From 2009 to 2011, she led the sales technology teams in expanding businesses such as Google Wallet. She has also worked as chief operating officer of Groupon and was a partner at consulting firm McKinsey & Co. Philipp Schindler, Google’s chief business officer, said Georgiadis “helped create terrific momentum for our business.” “Under her leadership, we’ve built incredibly close relationships with our partners across the Americas,” he said in a statement Tuesday. Analysts said she could bring a technology native’s perspective to a business that is still largely composed of physical playthings but ever more dependent on the Web to market and sell its products. Toy makers are increasingly tied to entertainment — hit movies and TV shows can correspond to huge sales for related playthings. Many companies now try to expand a toy's popularity by launching videos on platforms such as YouTube or Netflix. Mattel has also said it plans to expand its own online sales by nurturing its brands, said Weiser, the analyst. In the toy category overall, about 15% of toys and 20% of baby gear is sold online today, she said, and that’s only expected to rise. Analysts said Georgiadis could bring urgency to Mattel on the online front. “She brings a digital background that a lot of people are probably looking for,” said Jaime Katz, an equity analyst at Morningstar. “Mattel hadn’t really focused on that in the past.” In the last two years, the toy maker has instead focused on reviving its business. Under Richard Dickson, its chief operating officer, Mattel has rolled out new products that cater to an increasingly diverse customer base. Last year, the toy maker introduced three new body types for Barbie — petite, curvy and tall — and seven new skin tones to better reflect the diversity of women. The company opened American Girl mini-shops inside many Toys R Us locations in an attempt to reach shoppers beyond its own stores. Mattel also created Toy Box, a division intended to foster innovation and risk-taking within the company (an upgraded augmented reality version of the classic ViewMaster is one of its achievements). Sinclair and Dickson also hired new executives on both the creative and business sides. Those efforts have energized sales at its core brands including Barbie, Fisher-Price and American Girl. “They are sort of in the fourth or fifth inning,” Weiser said. The turnaround is “not really completed yet, but they have managed to stabilize sales.” Some industry experts had predicted that Dickson would get the top job after Sinclair stepped down. He has been credited with reviving Mattel’s creative energy and many had viewed him as the heir apparent. Weiser, who was surprised that Mattel bypassed Dickson, said the board may have deemed digital simply too crucial to the company’s long-term success. “It's a recognition that a toy company is about content, about communicating with consumers online, and about e-commerce," she said. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Mattel Inc. Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
Temp: 75° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration D.C. Digest BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web CES 2017 LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Pulse interior pictures released | George H.W. Bush hospitalized | Lottery results TAKE NEWS 13 WITH YOU: Get our news and weather on the road with the News 13+ app Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy By JEFF AMY, Last Updated: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 JACKSON, Miss. --  (AP) Mississippi's Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. "They're building a profile so they can advertise to them," Hood said. "They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that." Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state's school districts using Google's email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He's advising parents to consult their local school systems. "When you give a written contract and you don't follow it and you mine the data, then it's a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It's an unfair and deceptive trade practice," he said. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood's inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. "You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside," Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood's ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs' lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood's powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood's use of civil lawsuits is a "rampant abuse" of his role. "Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy" Baker said. "We're the legislators, the setters of public policy. He's the lawyer. He's not also the client." Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state's Constitution. The attorney general's victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody's Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2017 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Pixel Selling Well On Verizon: Report Shows Demand 'Exceeding Supply' 17 January 2017, 9:56 am EST By Maricris Francisco Tech Times Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing The Google Pixel brand is doing really well in Verizon stores, according to a Wave7 Research report. Both Pixel phones are currently out of stock, and shipping will resume in March.  ( Google ) Advertisement Google may have slowly shifted attention off its Nexus brand of phones and launched the Pixel brand as a replacement in October 2016 much to the consternation of Android purists. But people quickly warmed up to the Pixel and Pixel XL. Both handsets are getting rave reviews and performing really well in Verizon stores. Verizon has exclusive rights to the Pixel, which means that other U.S. carriers are currently unable to sell it to their customers. Google Pixel Out Of Stock: Shipping To Resume In March Verizon has spent $25 million marketing the "Phones made by Google," and it appears to have worked since there is demand for the Pixel phones even at the tail end of the consumer holiday shopping. The phones are currently out of stock in Verizon stores, and shipment will resume sometime in March as stores replenish their stock. The lack of supply is a testament to the growing popularity of the brand despite its exclusivity to Verizon, something Google was not able to anticipate. After conducting research on 50 Verizon stores, Wave7 Research found that the Pixel accounted for 12.3 percent of the Verizon stores' smartphone sales during the first few weeks of December. By the end of the month, Pixel comprised 9.5 percent of the stores' total smartphone sales. Google Pixel And Pixel XL Features There is not a lot of difference between Google's two premium smartphones. Both have similar hardware structure; the only differences are the size, screen resolution, and battery life. The Pixel has a 5-inch, 1080p display, a 2,770 mAh battery, and a $649 price tag, while the Pixel XL sports a 5.5-inch QHD screen and a 3,450 mAh battery, which can be purchased for $769. Both phones run on a Snapdragon 821 processor, 4 GB of RAM, 32 / 128 GB of storage, and a 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass 4 screen protector. The current supply bottleneck means that Google has finally achieved what it failed to do with its Nexus line, which is to appeal to more mainstream smartphone users. Aside from Verizon's marketing campaign, Samsung's fiasco over the Galaxy Note 7 and Apple's less-than-stellar performance with the iPhone 7 have made people weary of overhyped phones. For them, the Pixel was refreshing, and it served as a breath of fresh air. Google has not yet released the numbers on how its Pixel phones are currently performing, but it should do so once Alphabet, its parent company, provides a fiscal statement on Jan. 26. TAG Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Google Nexus, Verizon, Alphabet © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Pixel Audio Problem Is A Hardware Issue, Not Software Google Pixel - MacBook File Transfer Issues Likely Stem From Old Android File Transfer Program Nexus 6P And Nexus 5X In-Car Bluetooth Issue On Android 7.1.1 Remains Unresolved For Months Verizon Spent $91 Million On TV Ads In December 2016, AT&T The Second Biggest Spender Nexus 6P And Nexus 6 Patch Fixes Modem Vulnerability From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update Finally Begins Worldwide Rollout 2 Security Watch Out For Gmail Phishing Scam, Tricks Users To Give Up Google Credentials 3 Car Tech 2018 Ford Mustang: V8 Engine, New Styling And More Advertisement 4 Google Google Classroom Gets Numerous Updates: New Notifications For Teachers, Individualized Work For Students, And More 5 Google Google Will Launch Android One In the United States This Year: Here's The Reason Behind The Move 6 Celebrities 'Carpool Karaoke': Did James Corden Dare To Reveal The Worst Singer Ever? [Video] 7 Internet Project Fi Month Long Referral Program Now Extended Indefinitely 8 Healthy Living/Wellness Caffeine May Be Key To Fighting Aging-Related Inflammation 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 10 Medicine Death Of Woman From Superbug Resistant To 26 Antibiotics Highlights Danger Of Drug Resistance EDITOR'S PICKS Watch Out For Gmail Phishing Scam, Tricks Users To Give Up Google Credentials Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer GoPro Camera Snaps Up Mysterious Lights Near ISS Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Hidden Features Of Google Chrome How To Install Kodi On Raspberry Pi And Build Your Own Home Media System How The Internet Of Things Is The Perfect Target For DDoS Attacks And Data Breaches Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight 'Bubble Witch 3 Saga' From King Launched For Mobile And PC Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Fired IT worker changed password, wants $200K to fix it, college says USA TODAY Vic Ryckaert 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 7 things that will get way more expensive this year The poorest county in each state A fired IT employee took his revenge on a for-profit online college before he left, changing a password on an account that stored email and course material for 2,000 students, the Indianapolis-based online school has alleged in a lawsuit. In his own lawsuit, the employee contends that the administrator's password was autosaved on his company laptop that was returned to the college and his firing was racial discrimination. But lawyers for the American College of Education said Triano Williams of Riverdale, Ill., really wants the school to rehire him as a consultant — for $200,000. Welcome to the new frontier of tech concerns in the cloud. "A lot of organizations are using cloud-based services and online services like this," said Von Welch, director of Indiana University's Center for Applied Cybersecurity Research. "Even under a good situation, somebody could leave and then you find out the cloud service you depend on gets canceled because maybe the bill didn't get paid." The American College of Education offers online masters and doctorate degrees to teachers across the USA for $235 to $306 per credit hour. Total costs for a degree can range from $8,000 to more than $10,000, according to information on the school's website.  The college's IT employees had been spread across the country, too, but the school decided early last year to give them a choice to move to Indianapolis or resign and take a severance package. Other IT workers resigned, leaving Triano Williams as the sole systems administrator when he was fired April 1 after refusing to relocate from suburban Chicago, according to the college's lawsuit filed in Marion County Superior Court here. Related video: The most common password format is unsafe — here's what you should be doing Click to expand Replay Video Denver working on plan to allow marijuana use in private venues On Wednesday, the city of Denver, Colorado reportedly started work on becoming the first city in the US to allow public marijuana use in places such as coffee shops, yoga studios and art galleries. Even though voters approved the "social use" measure last November, the ballot proposal failed to spell out many rules for how marijuana could be used in public, beyond saying that it can't be smoked inside and that patrons must be over 21 to use it. Wochit News People can soon use food stamps to get groceries from Amazon Amazon is partnering with the U.S. Department of Agriculture to deliver groceries to individuals who use food stamps. Newsy Most expensive home in the US CNBC's Robert Frank takes viewers on a tour of a California home which is the most expensive on the market in the United States. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO The most common password format is one of the worst ways to protect yourself online — here's what you should be doing Business Insider See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Denver working on plan to allow marijuana use in private venues Wochit News 0:48 People can soon use food stamps to get groceries from Amazon Newsy 1:04 Most expensive home in the US CNBC 2:01 Is the Trump administration doomed to a recession? Forbes 1:26 Panera Bread ditches all food additives CNBC 0:45 China's richest man wants a major Hollywood studio CNN Money 1:34 Mexicans' Donald Trump fears BBC News 1:18 US companies find China less welcoming, survey finds Reuters 1:43 Automakers team with oil companies to push hydrogen-cell technology Wochit Tech 0:49 Here's how much the White House is worth CBS News 0:48 Hyundai aims for US investment boost under Trump Reuters 2:00 Chevrolet and Lego debut Batman's new ride at Detroit Auto Show CNET 1:59 China tightens its grip on tech market Wochit Tech 0:50 The world's most powerful passports CNBC 1:01 It's raining crossovers at Detroit Auto Show The Wall Street Journal. 2:17 Facebook is taking its fight against fake news international Newsy 0:49 UP NEXT Before he left, the college alleges that Williams changed the password and login information on a Google account. In May, returning students could no longer access their email accounts, papers and other coursework. Google suspended access after too many failed login attempts to the administrative account. School officials asked Google for help. Google refused to grant access to anyone other than Williams, who was listed as the account's sole administrator, the college said. When officials called Williams, he directed them to his lawyer.  "In order to amicably settle this dispute, Mr. Williams requires a clean letter of reference and payment of $200,000," lawyer Calvita J. Frederick wrote in a letter to the college's lawyer. Meanwhile, Williams filed a lawsuit of his own in the U.S. District Court in Chicago, claiming the college bullied him and discriminated against him and other black employees. Williams told the school the password had been saved on a laptop computer that he returned to the school in May. However, the college claims that Williams erased the laptop's hard drive and installed a new operating system. Williams' lawyer told The Indianapolis Star that the college must have erased the hard dive. In his federal complaint, Williams said he couldn't move from his home because he has joint custody of his young daughter. He contended that the relocation was just a way for the college to force him out. By filing its case in Indiana, the college wanted to make it difficult and costly for him to attend court hearings, his suit said. So far, Williams has failed to appear for multiple hearings in Indianapolis. Judge Heather Welch of Marion County Superior Court issued a default judgement in September and ordered Williams pay the college $248,350 in damages. Williams also said the college filed its case in retaliation for his complaints about racial discrimination. Williams has asked the federal court to throw out the Indiana case and take over jurisdiction. "The reality is the college created this problem over the course of the last several years as a result of certain business decisions followed by the termination of certain key employees," Frederick wrote in her letter. Frederick said her letter was a settlement demand on the discrimination case, not a "stick-'em-up" in exchange for the emails and data. The school has paid other former employees for consulting services but now is asking Williams to work for free under threat of lawsuits and possible incarceration. "He's got a lot of damages as a result of what's happened," she said. The college's own blunder caused it to lose the account access and now it blames Williams, she said, contending that Williams did not change the password or account information. "They locked out his access to any computer system," Frederick said. "I don't know that he was able to do that." The American College of Education since has gone to a new provider for cloud-based data services. Pam Inabinett, a teacher in South Carolina who started a master's degree program in October, said she has had no problems with access to email or documents. About 12 hours after an Indianapolis Star reporter contacted Google representatives Friday, the college's lawyer, Scott Preston, said the Internet company unlocked the account and returned control of the emails and data to the school. Before that resolution, Preston said: "The college has done all it can to resolve this short of police intervention or suing Google." A Google representative declined comment. Von Welch, the director of the cyber-security center at Indiana University, said Google has legitimate reasons for refusing to hand over the data without absolute proof that the person asking them to do so is not a hacker. "The cloud provider needs to be careful that they are not being hacked," Welch said. "This is honestly one of the hardest parts about securing an account like this." Experts say an organization's leaders must protect their data from bad actors outside and within. They can start by registering their cloud-based accounts in the name of the institution, not an individual. Gene Spafford, founder and executive director emeritus of Purdue University's Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security, said that a group's board of directors should take responsibility for protecting the data. "When everything was done on paper, there were committees and audits and physical protections to make sure documents were protected and managed," Spafford said. "We've got to do the same thing in an e-world. "You can outsource some of the processing," he said. "But you can't outsource the responsibility." Follow Vic Ryckaert on Twitter: @vicryc Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Trump's Treasury pick faces foreclosure criticism USA TODAY 'Many dead' with at least 30 missing as avalanche buries Italian hotel USA TODAY The president who broke all precedent: Tom DeFrank USA TODAY Britain's May tries to reassure Davos' nervous Brexit Nellies USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy Associated Press By JEFF AMY, Associated Press 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 7 things that will get way more expensive this year The poorest county in each state © Robert Galbraith/AFP/Getty Images   JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi's Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans try to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood's suit, filed Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court, says the California-based computer giant is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science showed ads targeting previous searches. Hood wants a judge to order Google to stop the practice, which he said is expressly forbidden in Google's agreement with schools. The suit says Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., could be fined up to $10,000 for every student account in Mississippi. With half the state's school districts using Google's email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying Hood's wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether it was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood's inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that investigation continues. He said outside lawyers brought the situation to him after the earlier dispute. The move comes as some Mississippi lawmakers continue to try to trim Hood's ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission. A committee in the Republican-led House passed a bill Tuesday that would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring some outside lawyers but has never met. The bill moves to the full House for more consideration. Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood is improperly setting state policy through lawsuits, usurping the Legislature's role. Hood's lawsuit victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody's Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out18:49 GMT +319 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Is Google Cutting Down its ‘Moonshot’ Projects? © AP Photo/ Virginia Mayo, File Business 03:06 18.01.2017(updated 03:12 18.01.2017) Get short URL 245073 Google, which is now officially known as Alphabet, has long been a symbol of daring technological innovation. However, it turns out even this tech giant has to cut its most aspiring projects over the bottom line that starts with a negative sign. © REUTERS/ Enrique De La Osa Cuba Allows Google to Install Servers on the Island to Boost Internet SpeedGoogle has consistently adopted daring projects that otherwise would never have survived without deep pockets and no expectation of profitability. The commercial success of Android however, a free operating system for all kinds of mobile devices, has proven that untraditional schemes can transcend the conventional approaches to technology and business. But the tech giant has recently been seen to have bitten off more than it can chew, raising concerns among shareholders. Alphabet's most innovative work is internally referred to as "moonshot projects." The company's financial reports, though, sum those projects as "other bets," attempting to soothe investor fears, according to CBS News. A psychological phrase to smoothe over financial truths, the "other bets" section reportedly lost about $865 million in the three months that ended September 2016. The company does not break down this section, so it is impossible to examine details. According to media reports, Google is systematically killing its moonshot projects, which include an expensive initiative to provide high-speed internet to rural and remote areas of the world. Initially, that project, codenamed Titan, was supposed to create a network of solar-powered drones wirelessly broadcasting internet. The drone, however, turned out to be about the size of a Boeing 747, and crashed on its first flight in 2015. Interestingly, Titan's closest competitor, a drone named Aquila, met the same fate in 2016. Google scrapped Titan, in favor of Project Loon, intended to provide internet via a network of high-altitude balloons. Another scrapped project was Ara, an initiative to create a mobile phone with interchangeable parts, an idea first developed by Motorola and intended to reduce global electronic waste, reported Gizmodo. Alphabet has also offered robotics company Boston Dynamics for sale. Youtube / Boston Dynamics Welcome to the Future! Boston Dynamics' Latest Robo-Dog in ActionAdditionally, the tech giant has "paused" a project called Fiber, meaning that Google will not now deploy super-fast internet access in new cities. It is not known whether Google will continue to support Fiber in the locations where it already exists. What's left, according to media reports, are Google's Waymo, for its self-driving cars, a diabetes-diagnosing contact lens, and an aspiring project to extend human life and fight aging called Calico. According to CBS News, the person responsible for the moves is Ruth Porat, Alphabet's chief financial officer, who joined the company in 2015. In response to growing concerns among shareholders, Porat introduced the policy to keep moonshot projects responsible for their economic profitability. It is not known whether Google will adopt a fundamental change of policy to drop all of its moonshot projects. Possibly there will be more ground-breaking innovation, but for now, the reality is the bottom line. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 73 Related: Find the Gestapo Office With Google Maps US Labor Department Sues Google Over Employee Private Data Google Expands Wings to Capture $1 Trillion Indian Digital Market After Public Outrage, Google Removes Holocaust-Deniers as Top Search Result After 'Toilet Locator', Google Hopes to Reap #Demonetization Bonanza in India Tags: Money, Tech, Drones, innovation, self-driving car, funding, Internet, Alphabet Inc, Google, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 03:58 18.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete they obviously didn't 'google' the term loon. :) Reply BobbyMyseh 10:17 18.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete Despite the self-proclamations touted by the ultra-wealthy about their supposed heightened business acumen and seeming super-human skills, success is largely a product of pure luck. Like 9 of 10 of the "as seen on tv" trinkets that ultimately fail, so do most of Google's "innovative" products. One only need to refer to the previous project titled Google Labs, which was discontinued in 2011. The vast majority of their projects have been total failures. The rules of statistics and probability show that by chance of randomization, some will always succeed while others will fail. Alphabet is proof of those rules. Sadly, those that succeed are most often labeled as "genius", rather than identified as their true form of luck. This is the same reason why the ultra-wealthy (individuals and corporations alike) ultimately attempt to manipulate economic systems in their favor. They know they lack any true genius, or heightened acumen, and can only maintain their status thru manipulation of systems, creating lasting favorable conditions for themselves, granting them unnatural advantages over their competitors. Society needs to stop labeling and treating the merely lucky as superior beings.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 18:48Dollar in the Crosshairs Amid Contradictory Remarks From Trump, Yellen 18:46AfD Calls for End to Nazi Guilt, But Far-Right Not Electorally Relevant - Yet 18:37Trump’s Transition Team to Return 20% of Unused Funding to US Treasury - Pence 18:32Joint Russian-Turkish Anti-Daesh Airstrikes Prove Rapprochement on Syria 18:32Poles Concerned that Trump Sees Their Country as 'Here Be Dragons' TerritoryAll news Robot That Can Write a Symphony: AI Device Composes Tailor-Made Music 16267 India Arrests American Wanted for Dabbling in Child Pornography 10499 Russia Carries Out Successful Test of Topol-M Ballistic Missile 10189 Putin Sees 'Maidan-Style' Attempts in US to Delegitimize Trump 8915 US-India Deal For Nuclear Plant on Track to Be Finalized This Year 7565All news Putin Sees 'Maidan-Style' Attempts in US to Delegitimize Trump 60 Kerry Slams Trump Over Attempts to 'Step Into' Policies of Other Countries 57 Russia Carries Out Successful Test of Topol-M Ballistic Missile 36 Ads Offer Protesters $2500 to Disrupt Trump Inauguration 35 Gay Dance Party Outside VP-Elect Mike Pence's DC House 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Cold Hands, Warm Hearts: Russians Brave the Cold to Celebrate Orthodox Epiphany Ideology of Treason Plane Crash in Bishkek News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BOTS Guest Why 2017 is the year of data-driven AI Matt Bencke, Mighty AI January 17, 2017 4:10 PM Tags: ai, bopts, BotBeat Weekly, chatbots, machine learning, Mighty AI Above: AI needs more data. Image Credit: Shutterstock.com/Mmaxer There was much ado about artificial intelligence (AI) platforms in 2016. It was warranted. Major developments and offerings came out of Microsoft (Cognitive Services), Google (TensorFlow), Amazon (Rekognition, Polly, Lex), IBM (Watson), Salesforce (Einstein), and many more. AI and machine learning (ML) are the hammers that turn just about every business’ data problem into a nail. But if 2016 was the year of the platform, 2017 will be the year of data. Looking at AI through the lens of platforms is a bit like looking through the wrong end of a set of binoculars. In that backward view, AI looks tiny and distant. This is compounded by the fact that the quiet, small advances made daily by agile software teams — especially at smaller companies — often go unnoticed. It’s the big players and the eureka moments that get the press. But, as those are few and far between, AI often still seems a long way off. And that’s not the case. If you hold your binoculars correctly, you can see that AI is close and big. It’s here, and it’s pervasive. Soon, simply applying AI in your business won’t be a sufficient differentiator. In 2017 and beyond, the businesses with the right data will win. It’s easier than ever to build AI Unlike in years past, if you’re developing AI today, you have multiple viable choices for infrastructure and algorithms. Two years ago, perhaps you were running loads on EC2 if not your own servers, but you needed your own framework to build an AI. Now we have TensorFlow, Cognitive Services, Rekognition, Polly, IBM Watson APIs … It’s an arms race, but more fundamental platform features are getting ever closer to functional parity. Platforms and algorithms have advanced so much that, in the near future, the make-or-break factor will be the data. Accurate, precise, specific training data — whether that’s semantic segmentation masks, polygon and cuboid annotations, relational mapping, sample utterances and conversations, product attributes, sentiment analysis, or one of the many other types of training data that today’s AI necessitates — is what sets one application apart from the rest. That’s why so many large AI platforms are more than happy to let you use their services for free, as long as they can use your data to improve their algorithms. The data makes all the difference Let’s consider some examples: Autonomous vehicles: It’s reasonable to assume that if you’re GM or BMW, you’re existentially afraid of Uber, Tesla, and Google. The latter are miles ahead (ha) in self-driving technology, due in large part to their reams of training data — both historical and pouring in daily — via their info-gathering vehicles and technology. With broad access to a variety of viable AI building blocks, it’s the data — accurately annotated images and video among them — that will play a critical role distinguishing one self-driving system from another. Just think of what Waze did to Navteq and others. Conversational AI: Amazon’s Echo ecosystem is growing with impressive velocity, and competition within it is heating up.Think about the travel industry: What will make the difference between Expedia and Booking.com’s Alexa skills? They’ll both run on Amazon Voice Services. One company may have a better product team, and that makes a meaningful difference. The company with the higher quality, more specialized training data, however, will have the advantage. Sampling domain-specific dialogue will enable an app that allows travelers to book travel and gather information via naturally spoken language. That will be the game changer. Apple enjoyed a head start with Siri. Google moved fast with Now and has a tremendous installed base that enabled it to effectively catch up. Microsoft rushed to market with Cortana, and IBM is investing heavily. But today most ears are tuned to Amazon. Echo starred at CES, in large part because Amazon is so focused on creating an ecosystem before its competitors. But there’s an obvious bridge across their moat: the training data. While building an Alexa skill is remarkably easy, Amazon does not share failure data with its developers. Amazon’s natural language models improve, but ultimately developers will get frustrated if Amazon cannot find a way to help them understand why users disengage when their utterances and intents fail. Recommendation engines and visual search: Consider home goods retailers. Most people don’t know the specific names of pieces of furniture or furnishings they might be interested in or how to verbally describe them. Visual search — in which a customer searches and shops online with an image query instead of a text one — makes finding products easier. Naturally, the Wayfairs and Houzzes of the world are keen on visual search and investing in what they deem the best computer vision platform. Likewise, recommendation engines and “more like this” algorithms that suggest products similar to those a shopper has shown interest in make finding the perfect product a breezy delight. Or at least that’s the idea. Bad data makes for weird recommendations, as we’ve all experienced. If I’m shopping for Pussycat MP3s, do I really want cat food, too? With widely available compute power, systems, and ready-to-use algorithms to supplement or replace homegrown frameworks, retailers’ respective setups will eventually reach comparable performance. The training data with the richest labels and annotations will be the breakthrough that nudges one in front. Great obstacles Early adopters who gather accurate training data to improve their models enjoy first-mover advantages. This is largely due to learning loops. Not only do first movers’ predictive models improve continuously with training, application, and correction, but so do all the subsystems that benefit from better overall performance. For example, more accurate computer vision models drive more precise navigation, which in turn drives a need for higher resolution, better sensors, which in turn enables more use cases, creating a beautiful flywheel effect. The proliferation of infrastructure, platforms, and know-how is quickly making basic AI functionality achievable by software across just about any application that entails data, text, speech, or other media. If we look through our AI binoculars properly, we will see that leading companies will move quickly beyond this new, higher common standard to apply AIs in ways that are more sophisticated, specialized, and personalized. And guess what these more ambitious applications will require? You guessed it: increasingly sophisticated, specialized, personalized — and reliable — human training data. After all, a machine is only as smart as the humans who train it. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Lobby of Trump Tower in NYC Live Aerials of Laguardia Airport as Donald Trump Leaves for Washington, DC Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Southwest Florida Confirmation Hearing for Energy Secretary Nominee Rick Perry Confirmation Hearing for Treasury Sec'y Nominee Steven Mnuchin Soon: Defense Dept. Briefing From the Pentagon Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Mississippi Sues Google, Saying It Violates Student Privacy By jeff amy, associated press JACKSON, Miss.  Jan 17, 2017, 6:53 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email Mississippi's Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. "They're building a profile so they can advertise to them," Hood said. "They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that." Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state's school districts using Google's email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He's advising parents to consult their local school systems. "When you give a written contract and you don't follow it and you mine the data, then it's a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It's an unfair and deceptive trade practice," he said. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood's inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. "You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside," Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood's ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs' lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood's powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood's use of civil lawsuits is a "rampant abuse" of his role. "Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy" Baker said. "We're the legislators, the setters of public policy. He's the lawyer. He's not also the client." Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state's Constitution. The attorney general's victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody's Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. ——— Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . 0 Shares Email Star Comments Mississippi Sues Google, Saying It Violates Student Privacy " Trump's Inauguration: Celebration for Some, Stress for Others, Poll Finds " Over 20 Feared Trapped After Avalanche Buries Hotel in Italy " Collapse of Burning Tehran High-Rise Kills 30 Firefighters " Ivanka Trump Says She Will Not Be Filling In as 'First Lady' " Rick Perry Vows to ‘Promote Energy in All Forms’ at Confirmation Hearing " Former First Lady Barbara Bush Is Being Treated for Bronchitis " Pence Protesters Twerk Their Way Through DC " Strangers to Swap Wedding Dresses After Mix-Up " Soldier Surprises Son in Giant, Wrapped Present for Ultimate Homecoming " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 65 Democratic Congress Members Planning to Skip Inauguration Russian Business World Hopes for Relief From Trump " FLOTUS Posts Romantic Farewell Photo With the President " The Obamas' Best Pop Culture Moments " ANALYSIS: A Tough Act to Follow in a Tough Job " Idina Menzel Was 'Terrified' to Take on Bette Midler's 'Beaches' Role " Why Manning's Commutation Likely Won't Mean Leniency for Snowden " No Bond for Woman Accused of Kidnapping Newborn 18 Years Ago " Margot Robbie Transforms Into Tonya Harding " Ryan Lochte Broke Down When He Found Out He Was Having a Boy
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Nation & World Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Nation World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Nation & World Nation World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Nation & World Login Subscribe Traffic alert Snoqualmie Pass closed overnight due to snow slides, spinouts Nation & World Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy Originally published January 17, 2017 at 2:31 pm Updated January 17, 2017 at 3:55 pm Share story By JEFF AMY The Associated Press JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Mississippi’s Democratic attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging in a lawsuit that the company is illegally violating student privacy, even as some Republicans seek to muzzle his ability to file such civil suits. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. In a news conference Tuesday, Hood said Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. “They’re building a profile so they can advertise to them,” Hood said. “They expressly stated in writing that they would not do that.” Google did not immediately respond Tuesday to an email from The Associated Press inquiring about the lawsuit. Most Read Stories Christopher Monfort, killer of Seattle police officer, found dead in prison cell Why are home prices so high? Seattle has 2nd-lowest rate of homes for sale in U.S. 50,000 expected to attend Seattle women’s march day after Trump inauguration  WATCH 3 Seattle restaurants that make you feel like you’re far, far away  VIEW Portions of Interstate 84, Interstate 90 closed in ice stormUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Hood said a test involving a student account from the state-run Mississippi School of Math and Science in Columbus showed ads targeted to previous searches. The attorney general wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined up to $10,000 for each of its student accounts in Mississippi. With half the state’s school districts using Google’s email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Hood sent a letter to local school superintendents Friday asking them to preserve evidence to help with the lawsuit. He’s advising parents to consult their local school systems. “When you give a written contract and you don’t follow it and you mine the data, then it’s a violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. It’s an unfair and deceptive trade practice,” he said. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying his wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that Hood’s inquiry is legal. Hood said Tuesday that the investigation continues but denied that he was motivated by personal animus against Google. “You make decisions based on the facts and the law and you set emotions aside,” Hood said. Some Mississippi Republicans continue to try to trim Hood’s ability to file civil lawsuits without outside permission, part of a long-running Republican perception that Hood pursues civil lawsuits in part to provide income to plaintiffs’ lawyers who politically support him. Hood said outside lawyers brought the student privacy issue to him after publicity about his earlier dispute with Google. A committee in the Republican-led House Tuesday passed House Bill 555 , which would require a three-person panel of the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state to approve plans to file any civil lawsuit where the state could win more than $250,000. That panel is supposed to approve hiring outside lawyers for big lawsuits but has never met, because Hood has instead hired lawyers according to a pre-set fee schedule that an earlier law allows as an alternative. The bill to limit Hood’s powers now moves to the full House. Similar measures have failed in previous years. House Judiciary A Committee Chairman Mark Baker, a Brandon Republican, said Hood’s use of civil lawsuits is a “rampant abuse” of his role. “Every lawsuit that he files is a declaration of public policy” Baker said. “We’re the legislators, the setters of public policy. He’s the lawyer. He’s not also the client.” Hood, though, said efforts to limit his power violate the state’s Constitution. The attorney general’s victories have contributed tens of millions of dollars to patch state budget holes in recent years. For example, Mississippi will gain $25 million from a settlement with New York-based Moody’s Corp., over credit ratings the company assigned to various securities before the financial crisis. Last year, Hood collected about $55 million from lawsuits against large companies. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . JEFF AMY Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story 2 BNSF Railway workers killed on tracks in SW South Dakota Previous Story Teary farewells as Obama aides pack up, make way for Trump Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 34° F Overcast Hi: 41° F Lo: 31° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines LIVE STREAM: Erie County DA speaks on fighting opioid epidemic Updated: 1 min ago Erie County DA John Flynn speaks on fighting the opioid epidemic in western New York and Timothy Wisniewski’s sentencing. Hotelier Schrager says pardon by Obama will bring closure Updated: 13 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Hotelier and real estate developer Ian Schrager says his presidential pardon will bring important closure for him and his fa… German lawmakers back plan for cannabis prescriptions Updated: 13 mins ago Desalination plant brings relief to Gaza Updated: 13 mins ago Jail time for Massachusetts women who bit off officer’s ear Updated: 13 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 34° F Overcast Feels Like: 26° F Wind: W 10 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 31° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:10 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Basketball player: Co-defendant killed man during robbery Updated: 12 mins ago KALAMAZOO, Mich. (AP) — A Western Michigan University basketball player charged with murder in the shooting death of a student during a robb… No. 6 Baylor bounces back in Big 12, now to surprising TCU Updated: 12 mins ago Some things to watch this week in the Big 12: GAME OF THE WEEKEND: No. 6 Baylor (17-1, 5-1 Big 12) at surprising TCU (14-4, 3-3). The Bears … Allen’s 30, Green’s 3 lift Hawaii over CS Northridge 80-77 2:50 am Great 3-point night doesn’t mean a win for No. 15 Notre Dame 2:50 am Fultz scores 37 as Washington beats Colorado 85-83 in OT 2:50 am Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 34° F Overcast Hi: 41° F Lo: 31° F Mississippi sues Google, saying it violates student privacy JEFF AMY, The Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 5:30 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Mississippi’s attorney general is once again tangling with Google, alleging it is illegally violating student privacy. Attorney General Jim Hood sued the California-based computer giant Friday in Lowndes County Chancery Court. Hood, a Democrat, says Google is breaking Mississippi consumer protection law by selling ads using data from services it provides to schools. Hood wants a judge to order Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., to stop the practice. The suit says Google could be fined $10,000 for every student account in Mississippi. With half the state’s school districts using Google’s email, calendar and other online services, that amount could top $1 billion. Google sued Hood in 2014, saying Hood’s wide-ranging attempts to investigate whether Google was aiding music pirating and illegal drug sales were illegal. An appeals court ruled in April that Hood’s inquiry was legal. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Strong like a girl January 17, 2017 Special Report A team of western New York power lifters is sweating through stereotypes by setting new examples for fitness resolutions. Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 1998 – 2017 WIVB.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? Elyse Betters18 January 2017Smartwatches Pocket-lint Android Wear 2.0 is next major version of platform Should launch on 9 February and roll out into March Some existing wearables are confirmed to get it in 2017 Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is getting ready to roll out Android Wear 2.0 to smartwatches. Google has released three major updates to Android Wear in the past two years. In this next version, you can expect a Material Design-themed overhaul, standalone apps, as well as improvements to watch faces, messaging, and fitness, and more. But if you're just interested in learning when exactly your existing wearable will get Android Wear 2.0, here's everything you need to know. Android Wear 2.0: Release date Google announced last spring that its wearables OS would soon get a massive update, in the form of Android Wear 2.0. The company later ended up pushing back the release date to an unspecified time. Now, thanks to an email to developers as well as a confirmation from a usually reliable leaker, we know the software update should launch on 9 February and continue to roll out into March. READ: Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 The product manager of Android Wear told The Verge in December that Google will launch its own pair of smartwatches in 2017. They will be flagship Android Wear 2.0 watches as well as the first devices to launch with the update. According to reports, Google's watches - Watch Style and Watch Sport - will be made by LG and should begin selling the day after Android Wear 2.0 launches. READ: Are these Google's upcoming Android Wear watches? Following the launch of the new devices, existing Android Wear watches will get the Android Wear 2.0 update. Unfortunately, not all existing Android Wear watches will be compatible, but Google said most of the recent models should update. Also, some features like Android Pay will require specific hardware, including NFC radios. Android Wear 2.0: Asus Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Asus ZenWatch 2 Asus ZenWatch 3 Android Wear 2.0: Fossil Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Fossil Q Wander Fossil Q Marshal Fossil Q Founder Android Wear 2.0: Casio Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Casio Smart Outdoor Watch Android Wear 2.0: Huawei Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Huawei Watch Huawei Watch Ladies Android Wear 2.0: LG Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE LG Watch Urbane LG G Watch R Android Wear 2.0: Michael Kors Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Michael Kors Access Bradshaw Smartwatch Michael Kors Access Dylan Smartwatch Android Wear 2.0: Moto Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Moto 360 Gen 2 Moto 360 Sport Android Wear 2.0: Nixon Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Nixon Mission Android Wear 2.0: Polar Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Polar M600 Android Wear 2.0: Tag Google has confirmed the following watches will be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 this year: Tag Heuer Connected Sections Smartwatches Android Wear Kate Spade Hybrid Smartwatch preview: Fashion and tech in perfect harmony Best smartwatches and fitness trackers of CES 2017: Casio, New Balance, Garmin... Best smartwatches 2017: The best smart wristwear available to buy today Apple Watch Series 2 review: Fitness first Popular In Smartwatches On Pocket-lint When is Android Wear 2.0 coming to my smartwatch? Google's two LG-made Android Wear 2.0 watches revealed, coming 9 Feb Android Wear 2.0 will launch on 9 February Is LG about to launch a round Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch? Google reveals when Android Wear 2.0 will arrive - and it's soon Samsung Gear S3 review: Android Wear, beware, this is the smartwatch to beat Best smartwatches and fitness trackers of CES 2017: Casio, New Balance, Garmin and more Samsung Gear S3 and Gear S2 now connect to iPhone, here's how it works Misfit Vapor preview: Designer touchscreen watch in a waterproof package Samsung Gear devices can now be used with the iPhone Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? What is Meitu and why is everyone using it? Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei smartphones and more Fujifilm X-T20 ups resolution, adds touchscreen to mid-level system camera This simple text will crash any iPhone, here's how to recover Best movies to look forward to in 2017: Here are all the top film trailers LG G6 to be launched on 26 February in the Samsung Galaxy S8 slot Fujifilm X100F revealed: The fixed-lens compact king returns... with a £1249 price tag Samsung Galaxy S8 vs LG G6: What's the rumoured difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Moto 360 (2nd Gen.) gets pulled from the Google Store Newsby John Callaham2 days ago 377 9 One of the most popular and well-received Android Wear smartwatches, the second-generation Moto 360, is no longer being sold directly by Google. The company has quietly pulled the listing for the watch from the Google Store website. See also: Google teaming up with LG for two new Android Wear watches, the Watch Sport and Watch Style 2 days ago Even Motorola’s own site is no longer selling the Moto 360 (2nd Gen.), but if you are still interested in picking one up, it is still available from other retail outlets like Amazon. The smartwatch was first revealed over a year ago in the fall of 2015, and is listed as one of the devices slated to get the upcoming Android Wear 2.0 update, along with the Moto 360 Sport. Motorola has already stated it has no current plans to release any smartwatches in the near future, so we won’t be seeing any Android Wear 2.0-powered successors to the Moto 360 anytime soon. At the moment, the Google Store is only selling a few Android Wear devices: The Mission from Nixon, the Access Bradshaw and Access Dylan from Michael Kors, and the Polar M600. While the number of devices currently available may be limited, Google isn’t letting its wearable OS fall through the cracks much longer. The company is rumored to officially release the new version of Android Wear on February 9. Those same rumors claim Google will team up with LG to launch two smartwatches with the refreshed OS, the LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style, both of which are supposed to go on sale the next day on February 10. Other companies like Casio have also confirmed plans to release new Android Wear 2.0 watches later in 2017, too. News Motorola, Android Wear, Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen.) Android Wear, Motorola, Motorola Moto 360 (2nd Gen.)  Google Store  9to5Google John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago56 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Last year’s worst passwords were just as bad as ever 17 minutes ago   PSA: Galaxy S7 defaults to Full HD after Nougat update, here’s how to c... 2 hours ago   Ex-Huawei employees arrested for leaking secrets to LeEco and Coolpad 3 hours ago   The Nokia 6 took one minute to sell out 4 hours ago   EA brings action title WarFriends to Android, download it for free today 5 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
All news     World     Politics     Society     Economy     Finance     Insurance      All projects All news World Politics Society Economy Finance Insurance Markets Technologies Culture Sport Important Currency rates Tenders Jobs in Uzbekistan Rasprodaja.Uz MnogoRabot Register  /  Enter Close Login Login Password Retrieve password Register Mobile reporter       RU  EN  UZ   News   News Feed World Politics Society Economy Finance Insurance Markets Technologies Culture Sport Technologies     HUAWEI Mate 9 Wins Eight Awards at CES 2017 18.01.2017 10:38:28 • "UzReport" Top global technology media outlets have recognized Huawei with multiple awards at CES 2017. Following the HUAWEI Mate 9’s global launch in November, Huawei announced availability in the U.S. market and new partnerships with Amazon Alexa and Google Daydream. Highlighting the Mate 9’s new partnerships, power, performance, design and dual-lens camera, global media presented Huawei with eight awards. CES also recognized the HUAWEI MateBook as a CES Innovation Award 2017 Honoree for its impressive design and performance. In addition to the accolades received at CES, Android Authority named Huawei Manufacturer of the Year, crediting the company’s great devices, business acumen and technological leadership for its breakout success in 2016. Here are the awards the HUAWEI Mate 9 received at CES 2017: The Wall Street Journal selected the HUAWEI Mate 9 as one of its ‘Best of CES 2017’ products. The editors highlighted the device’s display, processor, charging capabilities and Leica dual-lens camera. The Wall Street Journal is one of the top publications in the world and considered the most widely-read newspaper in the U.S. business and investment community.  Android Police awarded the HUAWEI Mate 9 the ‘Best of Smartphones’ for its integration with Amazon Alexa, which makes it a standout device at CES. Android Police is a blog dedicated to everything related to Android that is read by Android and technology enthusiasts. BGR named the HUAWEI Mate 9 a ‘CES 2017 Winner’ because of its display, performance, battery and integration with Amazon Alexa. BGR is a leading online destination for news and commentary focused on the mobile and consumer electronics markets. It attracts readers that are early adopters, savvy technology fans and casual readers. Chip Chick recognized the HUAWEI Mate 9 as a ‘Top Pick of CES 2017’ following the smartphone’s launch in the U.S. and collaboration with Amazon Alexa. Established in 2004, Chip Chick was one of the first sites to focus on technology for women, offering a lifestyle perspective on the world of consumer electronics.  Talk Android named the HUAWEI Mate 9 a ‘Best of CES 2017’ product, crediting its impressive dual-camera and powerful Kirin 960 chip. Talk Android is a site dedicated to reporting on Android and Google related mobile news. Its content is focused on new handsets, software developments, apps, and everything Android. TechAdvisor/PC Advisor included the HUAWEI Mate 9 in its CES ‘Top Picks 2017’, highlighting the device’s integration with Amazon Alexa. TechAdvisor/PC Advisor is a leading global consumer technology publication that provides advice to users who want to purchase the best devices at a great value.  TechnoBuffalo awarded the HUAWEI Mate 9 ‘Best of CES 2017’ for its integration with Amazon Alexa, processor, smart app management, battery and beautiful display. TechnoBuffalo covers a wide range of technology-related topics from devices to industry trends. The site provides value to the reader through editorial commentary, descriptive ‘how-to’ guides, and immersive video. Techaeris included the HUAWEI Mate 9 on its ‘Best of CES 2017’ list due to the device’s powerful Kirin 960 chipset, SuperCharge technology, Leica dual-lens camera and Amazon Alexa integration. Techaeris publishes in-depth stories, news coverage and product information and reviews. It covers everything from technology to science, art, photography and lifestyle.  About Huawei Consumer BG Huawei’s products and services are available in more than 170 countries, and are used by a third of the world’s population, ranking third in the world in mobile phone shipments in 2015. Sixteen R&D centers have been set up in the United States, Germany, Sweden, Russia, India and China. Huawei Consumer BG is one of Huawei’s three business units and covers smartphones, PC and tablets, wearables and cloud services, etc. Huawei’s global network is built on 20 years of expertise in the telecom industry and is dedicated to delivering the latest technological advances to consumers around the world. Subscribe to UzReport.uz in Telegram, to be the first to know about the main news and important events of the day.   Photos of the material     Поделиться Твитнуть <<< Go back   Other news   Uzbektelecom reduces internet provider tariffs to $86.85   14.01.2017 13:13:16 • "UzReport"Uzbektelecom announced it reduced on January 10 its internet rates for Uzbek providers to $86.85 per 1 Mb/s.   Uzbektelecom reduces internet provider tariffs to $87.75   09.01.2017 15:17:39 • "UzReport"Uzbektelecom announced it reduced on January 6 its internet tariff for Uzbek providers to $87.75 per 1 Mb/s.   Uzbektelecom dips prices for Internet services for providers up to $91.5   05.01.2017 10:18:32 • "UzReport"Uzbektelecom reported a tariff decrease for Internet services (external channel) for providers of Uzbekistan to $91,50 per 1 Mbps, starting from 21 December 2016.   Huawei: 16 years in the Uzbek market for the development of the ICT industry   31.12.2016 11:13:30 • "UzReport"Director General of Huawei Tech Investment Tashkent Wang Peng, in his interview "Huawei: 16 years in the Uzbek market for the development of the ICT industry" has summarized the year 2016 and outlined the prospects for the near future of technology development in Uzbekistan.   Proposals for development of 2017 State Programme under preparation   21.12.2016 15:19:13 • "UzReport"On 17 December, the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan adopted the Decree "On organizational measures for the development and implementation of the State Programme "Year of dialogue with people and human interests".   Popular news for today Economy Uzbekistan to simplify and intensify sale of state property Sport Denis Istomin defeats Novak Djokovic at Australian Open Economy Uzbekistan produces more than 8.2 million tons of grain crops Politics Islam Karimov and Vladimir Putin held a meeting in an expanded staff Society Trade Union Federation holds meeting with ILO delegation Politics Uzbekistan and Vietnam celebrate 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations Economy Government to allow tour operators to receive payment in foreign currency Copyright © 1999 — 2017, Uzbekistan news - UzReport.uz Certificate of registration N 0605, given by Press and Information Agency of Uzbekistan from 14.12.2009. About the Agency Our Services We invite to work Use of material Access to restricted content Terms of use Advertisement Contacts Mobile reporter
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google, LG to unveil Watch Sport and Watch Style Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches on Feb. 9 Google had confirmed last month that two Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches are coming in 2017. Now, popular tipster Evan Blass aka evleaks has revealed some important details of the two smartwatches. According to Blass, the two smartwatches are made by LG and will be dubbed as LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style. These watches are expected to unveiled on February 9 and will start shipping in the U.S. the day after they are announced. LG Watch Sport is tipped to sport a 1.38-inch display with a resolution of 480×480 and be 14.2mm thin. It will feature IP68 certification, 768MB, 4GB of storage, a 430mAh battery, Wi-Fi, 3G and LTE and Bluetooth. The watch will also come equipped with GPS, NFC, a heart-rate monitor and Android Pay. It will be available in titanium and dark blue variants. The LG Watch Style will reportedly have a 1.2-inch display at a resolution of 360×360 and it will be 10.8mm thin. Other features include 512MB RAM, 4GB of storage space, 240mAh battery, IP67 water and dust resistance and Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. It will be available in titanium, silver, and rose gold variants. The LG Watch Style is also said to come with swappable bands support. Both the watches will run Android Wear 2.0 and also come equipped with Google Assistant to some extent. Blass also adds that these watches will have a “digital crown”. Source "Google, LG to unveil Watch Sport and Watch Style Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches on Feb. 9", 4 out of 5 based on 7 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on January 18, 2017Categories Android, Google, LG Post navigation Previous Previous post: Nvidia original Shield TV to soon get Android 7.0 Nougat, Amazon Video and more Next Next post: Exclusive: First look at Reliance Jio 4G VoLTE feature phone priced at Rs. 1299 Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Lenovo P2 Battery Life Test Samsung confirms Android 7.0 Nougat for a range of smartphones Nokia 6 sold out in under a minute in first sale in China Samsung Gear Fit 2 Review Moto G5 Plus with 5.5-inch display, Snapdragon 625, 4GB RAM spotted Super Mario Run for Android launching in March Apple Garageband and Logic Pro X get new features in latest update Vivo V5 Plus with 20MP + 8MP dual front cameras, Snapdragon 625 and V5 Lite official Sony Mobile schedules MWC 2017 event on February 27 India would like Apple to have a base in India, says Ravi Shankar Prasad CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
rediff.com Rediff Get Ahead News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Getahead » What will the iPhone 8 be like? What will the iPhone 8 be like? Last updated on: January 18, 2017 11:57 IST Rachit Hirani summarises the rumours and leaks on what the iPhone 8 will look like when it is finally unveiled this September It is 2017 and we have a new year in technology. What we hear is that we will get three new devices from Apple this year -- and one of them will be the iPhone 8. Importantly, we have learned that the iPhone 8 is going to be more than just an upgrade (retrograde if you think about the absence of the 3.5-inch audio jack) that was the iPhone 7 but a rejig that is set to blow us all away. iPhone 7 Plus @92k or a dream vacation? With a full display without a bezel and possibly even a curved edge like the competition. For the first time even Apple will include the camera (front facing) and the Touch ID into the device display. The phone is set to have no charging port whatsoever relying completely on wireless charging device thus making the phone even more water resistant with fewer points of water ingress. When Google takes on Apple As mentioned earlier there will be three models released this year, two models with 4.7-inch display that will sport the TFT-LCD technology and a 5.5-inch bigger brother that will sport the OLED technology. There is strong possibility that the bigger version will have dual cameras and the curved screen. The phones will have a faster A11 processor -- no doubt Apple wants to stay ahead of competition when it comes to clock speed and be able to finally stake claim to be able to run mobile games with as much gusto as its video viewing and camera capabilities. Buying Google Pixel XL? 8 things you must know The dual lens on the bigger version of the iPhone 8 will also boost Apple's credo of being the undisputed leader in mobile photography. Having been ousted recently by the Google Pixel -- this is something Apple would like to regain and soon. The tight-lipped tech geeks at Apple are known to be working on more than 10 different prototypes of iPhone models hence there is no surety as to what would be the final product come Fall 2017. While there are strong rumours of what we will see the speculation is at best that -- speculation. 8 WhatsApp tricks you may not know However Apple has had a realisation that to return to past glory would need more than mere upgrade in functionality and design tweaks -- a revolution much like the one we saw in 2007 with the first iPhone. This revolution will involve a complete shift in design, edge to edge display without bezels. This means that the front facing camera has to be integrated into the display and the home button -- Apple's pride and joy will have to be sacrificed. Of course there are plans to integrate even the Touch ID into the display and this would be indeed be a feat of strength and innovation. Note: The lead image of iPhone 7 is used only for representational purpose i2Addicted.com is an online lifestyle journal that covers various genres like lifestyle, health and fitness and technology for Indian consumers. Rachit Hirani Tags: Rachit Hirani Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Should you buy the LG V20 for Rs 55k? 5 tips for cashless India to protect online data Why you must insure your smartphone Smartphones that struck gold in 2016 10 things you must know about HTC One X9 Jallikattu: OPS meets PM, seeks ordinance to lift ban By 2020, there will be no newspapers PIX: Priyanka Chopra wins at People's Choice awards Stake sale in insurance cos could net govt upto Rs 18K crore Manchester Utd topple Real Madrid from perch to become richest club What will the iPhone 8 be like? Deepika's most STYLISH promo look? Vote! How you can get up to Rs 7 lakh+ tax exemption They quit jobs at Google, Apple to build the Uber for ambulances Why Anjali will make waves at Lakme Fashion Week Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Nana Patekar in Dubai Reader Amit Bokka sent us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India News  |  Latest News in India  |  Bollywood News  |  India Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Latest News Dow 19,775 -29.38 -0.15% Nasdaq 5,553 -3.02 -0.05% S&P 500 2,269 -2.96 -0.13% 10:45 A.M. ET McCartney sues Sony to recapture rights to Beatles songs written with Lennon 10:45 A.M. ET Live blog and video of Steven Mnuchin’s treasury secretary confirmation hearing 10:41 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; Dow, S&P 500 down 0.1% 10:38 A.M. ET EIA reports decline of 243 billion cubic feet in U.S. natural-gas supplies 10:35 A.M. ET Goldman Sachs downgrades Target to sell on concerns about competition with Amazon 10:33 A.M. ET Feb. natural gas trades at $3.315/mln Btus, up from $3.263 before supply data 10:33 A.M. ET EIA reports fall of 243 billion cubic feet in U.S. natural-gas supplies 10:32 A.M. ET What time is the inauguration? 10:31 A.M. ET Railroad stocks rally as CSX poised for best gains in 36 years 10:30 A.M. ET Updated Here’s why the new ‘Will & Grace’ revival may disappoint you 10:28 A.M. ET How to Make a Homemade McFlurry 10:26 A.M. ET Updated Dovish Draghi sparks rise in European stocks 10:25 A.M. ET Cybercrime Is An 'Enduring Security Challenge,' Says Europol 10:26 A.M. ET Updated Futures regulator fines Citigroup $25 million for spoofing in U.S. Treasury market 10:24 A.M. ET Updated May urges businesses to ‘play by the same rules’ that ordinary workers follow 10:23 A.M. ET Updated Tehran shopping-complex collapse injures dozens, traps emergency workers 10:23 A.M. ET Updated These NFL teams provide the most value for fans 10:22 A.M. ET Wine in a Blender? Tricks to Make a Bottle of Wine Taste Better 10:22 A.M. ET Paris Attacks Spurred Greater Intelligence Sharing, Says Europol 10:22 A.M. ET Updated Forget about the dollar — collapsed sterling is your best bet, says top U.K. fund manager Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Close Currencies Futures Metals Stocks Home Press Release Local Media Consortium Members and Partners Release Position Statement on So-Called Fake News By Published: Jan 18, 2017 12:01 a.m. ET Share SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Concerned with the proliferation of fake news and its potential to tarnish the credibility of real journalism, The Local Media Consortium (LMC) today published a position statement on"fake news" – or what it prefers to call digital propaganda. The LMC is a strategic partnership of leading local media companies representing more than 1,600 news sites in thousands of communities across the United States. The complete position statement is published on the LMC website at http://www.localmediaconsortium.com/fakenews/ with excerpts published in members' editorials. "Every day we work with heavily vetted, high-quality service providers that share our commitment to foster growth in the digital age so we can preserve the media's watchdog role without fear or favor," said Rusty Coats, Executive Director of the LMC. "Our members and partners comprise a powerful representation of the business, publishing and tech world. We are releasing this position paper to affirm our commitment and strength in numbers to quash the reach and destructiveness of digital propaganda." The LMC's position and principles on fake news are summarized below. For the full position statement, click here. Refuse to Reward Misinformation: We urge our members, partners and the ad-tech industry to more fully vet the companies and organizations with which they do business. We implore advertisers, marketers and the ad-tech community to refuse to reward "news" from untrustworthy sites. We applaud Google's commitment to develop policies to keep ads off dubious news sites, and we ask others to follow suit. Support Local: The local news media plays a vital role in protecting against misinformation. We call on readers, viewers and corporate America to recognize the value of reputable, local news organizations. Get to know your local journalists and broadcasters. When reading a "news" story, become familiar with its source and confirm that it is associated with a reputable parent news organization. Acknowledge That Fake News is Not News At All: "Fake news" should not be put on par with "light news" or "odd news." Rather it is purposeful misinformation, misdirection and propaganda. We call on our members and the industry as a whole to remind those within the business and political arenas that we have high journalistic standards when it comes to news. Look Within: We ask that our members and partners look within their own newsrooms, websites and social media outlets to determine how they can best protect their constituents from deceptive news. This includes educating readers and viewers about examples of this propaganda through editorial content. By refusing to do business with digital propaganda pushers, we have the strength to quash its reach. "It is deeply concerning to see the sheer scope of digital misinformation propagating around the globe, but assuring to see our members and partners band together to address these concerns head-on," said Christian A. Hendricks,  McClatchy's Vice President for products, marketing, and innovation, and LMC Executive Board member. "We look forward to collaborating with the industry to implement measures that quash the spread of digital propaganda and protect the sustainability of local journalism – one of the principles on which the LMC was founded." About the Local Media Consortium: The Local Media Consortium is a strategic partnership of leading local media companies focused on increasing member companies' share of digital revenue and audience by pursuing new relationships with a variety of technology companies and service providers. The LMC was founded in 2013 to address the needs of advertisers seeking to reach high-quality audiences on brand safe local digital properties at scale. In addition, the LMC provides members with access to leading technology and content solutions by fostering key partnerships with companies including Google, Monster, Yahoo and others. LMC membership encompasses more than 75 local media companies in top markets across the United States and Puerto Rico, and includes more than 1,600 publications. The LMC audience footprint currently spans 155 million unique monthly visitors and its member companies serve more than four billion page views to readers. More information is available at www.localmediaconsortium.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/local-media-consortium-members-and-partners-release-position-statement-on-so-called-fake-news-300392524.html SOURCE Local Media Consortium Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular My dad talked me out of the decade’s best investment, but he wasn’t wrong ECB leaves rates unchanged; Draghi up next Fund manager who correctly predicted 2014 drop in oil now sees prices in the $30s This tech sector is relentlessly rising under cover of a dull market You’re not going to like these predictions for mutual funds MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate U.S.’s most expensive home hits market at $250M View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Obama out: 3 things the first family can (legally) swipe from the White House View More Barron's Next Why 2017 has become a crucial year for Tesla View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News Top 10 Best Huawei Mate 9 Accessories – January 2017 Free Tactical Shooter WarFriends Now Out On Android Huawei P10 Sports A Curved Display In A New Concept Video Moto G4 Plus Nougat Update Coming To Canada In February Recent Reviews Review: BLUBOO Edge Android Smartphone Review: LeEco Le S3 Android Smartphone Review: ZTE Axon 7 Mini Android Smartphone Review: UHANS A101 Android Deals Deal: TP-Link Smart Plug Mini for $34.99 – 1/19/17 Deal: EasilyDo: Lifetime Subscription for $19 – 1/19/17 Sponsored Post: Android-Based TV Boxes From Only $25.89 Pick Up SanDisk’s 200GB Micro SD Card for just $69 – 1/18/17 Special Features Video: Interior Design With Tango On The Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Weekly Poll: What Was Your Favorite Tech From CES 2017? VR Offerings AT CES Paint A Picture Of A Bland 2017 For Hardware Top 10: Best Android Smartwatches Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Download: Allo With Chrome Custom Tabs, Selfie Stickers Coming January 17, 2017 - Written By John Anon The latest version of Google Allo highlights an incoming sticker personalization feature and already includes support for Chrome Custom Tabs. While the latter feature is already live in this latest update, the sticker personalization has been spotted in the code for the app and therefore, will likely become available at a future time or as part of another update. While the sticker personalization is not yet live, the code does reveal some details on what should be expected from the feature. According to the information, Allo users will be able to take a selfie and then Allo will be able to generate a sticker pack based on the user’s selfie. Beyond that, it is currently unclear as to how the user will be able to make further use of the sticker pack, although the coding noted by Android Police does suggest that further customization of the stickers will be possible. Moving on the Chrome Custom Tab support and this is likely to be a feature that many will have already expected to be available through Allo. However, if you are using a previous version of the app, then when clicking on an outside URL link (in Allo), you will be asked which browser you would like to open the link with. In contrast, the newly updated version by default will open up the outside link as a Chrome Custom Tab. Which should mean that the links loads lighter and faster and offer the user an improved viewing/reading experience. Although, if you’re not so keen on using Chrome Custom Tabs, then the latest version does also include an option in the app settings to turn off the automatic ‘open web links in Allo’ feature. After which, you will then revert back to the ability to choose your default (or on a per click basis) browser. The latest version of Allo is version 5.0 and is already understood to be rolling out to devices. As such, if you currently have Allo installed, then you should see this updated version arrive in due course. If however, you would prefer to push the updated version to your device as soon as possible, you can download version 5.0 in APK form through the link below. Download Google Allo v5.0 APK (arm64) Post navigation Google Assistant Gains Unique New Partner Actions NFL Director Pins Lack of VR Experiences On Mobile Tech January 17, 2017 | Android App News , Android News Source: Android Police Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Top 10 Best Huawei Mate 9 Accessories – January 2017 Free Tactical Shooter WarFriends Now Out On Android Huawei P10 Sports A Curved Display In A New Concept Video Deal: TP-Link Smart Plug Mini for $34.99 – 1/19/17 Moto G4 Plus Nougat Update Coming To Canada In February Sponsored: Buy The Huawei Mate 9 From Jet.com For $599.99 AT&T Boosts LTE Capacity in Washington DC by 400% Top 10 Best Android Indian Smartphones – January 2017 Edition Android Nougat Kernel Source Code Posted for Moto G4 & G4 Plus Details Of Xiaomi’s Upcoming Mi Notebook Air 2 Revealed Rumor: Bixby AI Assistant To Use Galaxy S8 Camera Huawei Mate 9 Giveaway With Jet.com & Android Headlines – USA Only! Samsung Reveals Which Phones Will Get Android 7.0 In H1 2017 Deal: EasilyDo: Lifetime Subscription for $19 – 1/19/17 Twitter Confirms It’s Discontinuing The Buy Button Moto G5 Plus Running CPU-Z Leaks, Most Of Its Specs Revealed Samsung To Explain The Galaxy Note 7 Fiasco On Monday Sponsored: Huawei Nova Plus Giveaway from Huawei and AH AOPEN Debuts Chromebase Mini And Chromebox Mini T-Mobile US Releases First Software Update For LG V20 Flash Sale Results Are In, Nokia 6 Sold Out In 1 Minute Load More Posts Follow Share
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money This Tool Calculates How Much Your Investment Fees Add Up Over Time Six Important Money Lessons To Teach Your Kids [Infographic] Why Leaving A Little Fat In Your Budget Can Help You In The Long Run Hump Day Deals: 20% Off Fitness Gear, Half-Price Pizzas, Myers' Huge Clearance Sale Home How To Stop Mould From Building Up Inside Baby And Bath Toys Turn A Pool Noodle Into 'Quiet' Blocks For Kids To Play With That Drawer Under Your Stove May Not Actually Be For Storage Gut Fish The Japanese Way With A Pair Of Chopsticks Entertainment How Netflix Uses HDR To Guide Your Eyes Today's The Last Day To Download Videos From Vine, Here's How To Do It Everything We Know About The Nintendo Switch That Actually Matters The 10,000 Seconds Challenge: Can I Learn A New Skill In Under 3 Hours? Travel This Map Guides You To Great Photography Hotspots Around The World The 12 Most Scenic Train Trips In The World [Infographic] The Best Way To Get Compensation For A Delayed Or Cancelled Flight Tips From Flight Attendants On How To Survive A Plane Crash Health Live Like You Don't Give A Damn By Caring Strongly About Just A Few Things The Bee Is The Most Deadly Animal In Australia Lovehacker: My Boyfriend Wants Me To Peg Him. Is He Gay? Why Gratitude Makes You A Happier Person Design Dealhacker: You Can Now Do Harvard's Photography Course Online (For Free) Learn Eight Field Photography Tricks In 90 Seconds The Sierra 10 Desktop Get To Know Everything About Multimeters With This Guide Work Productivity Squeeze More Battery Out Of Your Phone With Android Doze Apps I'm Arianna Huffington And This Is How I Work How Isaac Asimov Avoided 'Getting Stuck' While Working Pull Up The Get Info Box On A Spotlight Result In MacOS With A Keyboard Shortcut Communicate How Presidential Pardons Work Hemingway, The Writing App That Helps You Edit, Adds Distraction-Free Mode And PDF Export Is It Safe To Charge Your Phone Overnight? 5 Must-Have Apps To Give Your Phone Extra Superpowers Organise Briefly: Pixar Secrets, Resume Hacks, Widowmaker Hate Google Saves Offline Searches, Finds Results When You Get Service Again Briefly: Zuckerberg Vs Zenimax, Galaxy S8 Rumours, Kardashian DIY Hack This Week's Top Downloads Career Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure How To Become A Plus-Size Model Take Control Of Your Email Inbox This Year By Using Only Five Folders Business Travel 11 Flight Booking Hacks Every Traveller Should Know Here Is The Winner Of Sodastream's Iceland Competition! Top 5 Thin And Light Laptops For Travel It's Official: Badgerys Creek Airport Is Coming To Western Sydney Security Telstra Just Won An Important Case About Your Metadata The UK's 12-point Brexit Plan Explained The Raspberry Pi Zero Makes A Great Motion Sensing Security Camera Too Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? Small Business & Startups Square Introduces APIs To Support Integration Of Online And In-Store Payments Elevator Pitch: 4DX How I Succeeded: TryBooking's Grant Dunoon Twitter Kills Off Small Business Tool It Released A Few Months Ago IT Pro Cloud Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud IT Career What Employees Value More Than Salary, According To Glassdoor These Scripts Help You Start And Nail A Salary Negotiation Talk With Your Boss 10 Things You Should Do When You Start A New Job Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle IT Security The 25 Most Common Passwords Of 2016 Are Still Garbage Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' 3000 Australian Officials Had Their Yahoo Accounts Compromised In Mega Breach Software Bug Forces GoDaddy To Revoke And Re-Issue SSL Certificates To Customers Developer Wire A Raspberry Pi Zero Directly Into A Power Supply For A Low-Profile Computer Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle Windows 10's 'Game Mode' Optimises Your PC For You Raspberry Pi Compute Module 3: Australian Specs And Pricing Deployment How To Backup Your Old PC (So You Can Finally Throw It Out) Would You Want The 'Right To Disconnect' From Work? Build A Laptop With The Guts Of An Xbox One S Latest Windows 10 Update Can Wreck Multiple Screen Setups Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers 11 Flight Booking Hacks Every Traveller Should Know Ratehacker: January's Best Credit Card, Savings Account And Home Loan Deals The Six Keyboard Shortcuts For Beginners Why You Need Boredom, Distraction And Procrastination In Your Life 5 Must-Have Apps To Give Your Phone Extra Superpowers David Nield Jan 18, 2017, 3:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  android apps Australian Stories ios iphone smartphones Share If you're wanting to go beyond the basic stuff everyone does with their phone - either by extending its capabilities or by taking more control over what it already does - we've got just the collection of tools for you. These automators, taskers and shortcut makers can quickly hack Android or iOS to do your mobile bidding. Tasker What it is: Tasker ($3.49, Android) is perhaps the best known automation app for Google's mobile OS. It lets you manipulate alerts, apps, notifications, dialog boxes, phone settings, inputs, outputs, and more to take charge of your device. All of that complexity means it can be daunting for beginners, but it's undoubtedly worth investing some time and effort to learn the ropes. At its heart, Tasker lets you link inputs (events, times, sensors) with outputs (alerts, app actions, settings changes). It gives you precise and automatic control over almost every part of your Android phone. Further adding to its appeal is the strong user community behind the app and the multitude of plugins and add-ons available for it that you can also use. What you can do: For the Tasker newcomer, it's maybe easier to get a grasp of what the app can do than understand exactly what it is. For example, you can launch a particular app at a certain time, turn off Wi-Fi when the screen dims, put your phone on silent as soon as you enter a specific area, protect certain apps with a passcode, or change the device wallpaper on a timer. The app can also take photos if a wrong password is entered, change the ringtone volume based on who's calling, autoplay your WhatsApp messages, set up reminders for missed notifications, change the display brightness over the course of the day and much more. It's even possible to wrap these Tasker events up as separate mobile apps and use them right way. Workflow What it is: Install Workflow ($4.49, iOS) on your iPhone, and you get access to a suite of tools for greasing the wheels between the apps you use most often. At one end is an action or input, and at the other end is a resulting output, and actions can be combined to create workflows. It's like a long series of APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) that allow apps to talk to each other in ways they otherwise wouldn't. Finished workflows can be saved as shortcuts on the home screen, kept inside apps, or used as share extensions in iOS, so there's a lot of flexibility when it comes to deciding how you want your finished outputs to be applied. What you can do: Again, examples are perhaps the best way of understanding what Workflow is all about. The app lets you quickly delete screenshots from the camera roll, open the Spotify track for a particular YouTube video, get an Uber ride to the next location on your calendar, open links in Chrome and send web pages to a Kindle, to name a few examples. You can see how these workflows take data or a particular input from one place and pipe it into another — the latest app update lets you activate some workflows from the Notification Center and sync events between multiple devices. If there's any kind of automatic link between two iOS apps that you want to set up, chances are Workflow has an option that can help. IFTTT/Do What it is: IFTTT (If This Then That) is the most accessible option in this list — if you're looking for the most impressive results with the least effort then IFTTT is the one you're looking for. IFTTT's custom-made 'recipes' combine both a trigger and an action, and a whole host of apps and services are supported as channels, including a number of key Android and iOS integrations. The main IFTTT app is called IF (free, Android/iOS) and acts as a kind of stripped-down version of the full web app. Alongside that there are the DO apps: DO Button (free, Android/iOS), DO Note (free, Android/iOS) and DO Camera (free, Android/iOS), which are even simpler and let you associate basic actions on your mobile with automatic tasks on other channels. What you can do: IFTTT has hooks in many popular apps and services — save your Instagram favourites to Dropbox, update Facebook via SMS, get weather alerts via tweets, and so on. As far as Android and iOS are concerned, supported channels cover SMS, the phone app, photos, location, battery status, contacts and reminders, so you can incorporate them in your recipes. The DO apps basically let you set up shortcuts on mobile: you might create a Button to set your Nest thermostat, or log your location in a Google Drive document, or turn off your Philips Hue lights, for example. The Camera and Note versions let you quickly send pictures or text to popular apps and services (the likes of Facebook, Evernote, Slack, LinkedIn and many others). Automate What it is: Automate (freemium, Android) gives you the power to automatically trigger all kinds of events on your phone, from changing device settings to sending out texts or emails. It takes a user-friendly-ish flowchart approach to give you an overview of how your automated tasks are coming together, although it does take some time to get to grips with the app. There are hundreds of actions, conditions, triggers and loops to make use of, covering most of the settings, buttons, sensors and apps on your phone (some of these install as extra apps). If you're just getting started with the app, there are plenty of user-submitted tasks available through the Automate community website, giving you an idea of what the app can do. What you can do: Essentially, combine all kinds of input triggers with all kinds of resulting actions: turn off wifi to save battery after a minute of no connectivity, set your phone to vibrate during evening hours, link the media volume to the ringer volume, or launch Spotify when headphones are plugged in to name four examples from the Automate user community. Other tasks we've seen done with Automate include automatically erasing temporary cached files at regular points in the day, turning up the brightness when a call comes in, reading out text messages, putting a simple countdown in a notification, turning on Bluetooth when driving, fading out music after a specified length of time and sharing your location with others. Launch Center Pro What it is: Describing itself as "speed dial for everyday tasks", Launch Center Pro ($7.99, iOS) enables you to set up shortcuts that can be opened from the home screen or the Notification Center — not just shortcuts to apps but shortcuts to specific functions within those apps. The likes of Evernote, Dropbox, Google Maps, Instagram, Tweetbot and many more are supported. The app also ties in neatly with native iOS features, including contacts, bookmarks, and search, so it's possible to set up all kinds of customised links to specific tasks on your phone. In some ways it's a variation on the 3D Touch feature Apple has now introduced with the latest iPhones, only you can specify the shortcuts and actions yourself and launch them with a tap. What you can do: Hundreds of apps (including some of Apple's own) support the special URL calls that Launch Center Pro deals in. The app lets you create shortcuts for phoning specific people, scanning barcodes, searching Yelp for a certain type of place, translating phrases with a tap, archiving your tweets to a file in Dropbox, running certain queries on Wikipedia, and so forth. Launch Center Pro also supports location triggers (to automatically tie any of these actions to a certain place) and customised notifications (to link personalised alerts to them, too). You can even code your own action URLs manually, and the app also works well with the aforementioned IFTTT. Header image: Lenka Horavova/Shutterstock.com This story originally appeared on Gizmodo. Comments justanormaluser Guest Jan 18, 2017, 9:54pm And what about a list of apps for phones that run on Windows? Why oh why do journos ignore this platform so blatantly. This article is yet another example of a deliberate and unfortunate exclusion policy of a great phone platform. Reply -1 nicnivian @nicnivian Jan 19, 2017, 9:45am An exclusion policy? From basic Google research, WIndows OS has (now) less than 1% market share... You excluded your self! Reply 2 myreply @myreply Jan 19, 2017, 12:47pm A great phone platform... That hardly anyone uses... Why would they spend their time investigating and writing articles about something with 1% market share Reply 0 logic_and_reason @logic_and_reason Jan 19, 2017, 12:13am I recommend Pythonista for iOS and it plays well with Workflow too. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Six Keyboard Shortcuts For Beginners Adam Dachis 18 Jan 2017 4:00 AM According to a statistic published in The Atlantic, 90 per cent of computer users don't know what Ctrl + F can do. As a result, we've put together a list of common, handy shortcuts and tricks that every computer user should know. If you have a friend or family member who could use a lesson or refresher, send this post along. The Biggest (And Weirdest) Online Porn Trends Of 2016 [NSFW] Chris Jager 09 Jan 2017 2:30 PM Pornhub has released its annual Year In Review report, detailing all the ways we consumed online porn in 2016. This insanely comprehensive infographic breaks down everything you could possibly want to know - from the most popular search terms by gender, age and country to the top ten male and female porn stars. (There's even a graph charting the disturbing rise in Donald Trump-themed porn queries. Ew.) Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Deals: Give Your Resume A Boost With This Training Bundle Trending Articles 1 The Six Keyboard Shortcuts For Beginners 2 The Biggest (And Weirdest) Online Porn Trends Of 2016 [NSFW] 3 Gut Fish The Japanese Way With A Pair Of Chopsticks 4 11 Flight Booking Hacks Every Traveller Should Know 5 The Raspberry Pi Zero Makes A Great Motion Sensing Security Camera Too Turning The Totally Random Things That Kids Think Into Animation Is Silly Fun Walking On The Roads Of Argentina Looks Awesome The Star Wars Prequels Have Never Looked As Good As On These Posters Check Out The Evolution Of The US Dollar Bill Overwatch Running Chinese New Year Event Final Fantasy XV Cosplay Sprinkles A Lil' Meme I Want To Build The Hell Out Of This Destiny LEGO Miles Morales Will Headline Sony's Animated Spider-Man Film Live Like You Don't Give A Damn By Caring Strongly About Just A Few Things Squeeze More Battery Out Of Your Phone With Android Doze Apps How To Stop Mould From Building Up Inside Baby And Bath Toys Briefly: Pixar Secrets, Resume Hacks, Widowmaker Hate People are outraged by a video showing alleged animal abuse from the movie 'A Dog's Purpose' Energy secretary nominee Rick Perry says he 'regrets' recommending the US abolish the Energy Department The New York Stock Exchange is fighting back against its critics Dentsu Aegis is merging mobile agency Fetch with digital specialist Steak © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software All Windows 10 Mobile Lumias are back in stock at the US Microsoft Store 8 minutes ago You can pre-order and pre-download Injustice 2 on the Xbox One right now 23 minutes ago Developers will receive Windows Holographic kits at GDC 2017 1 hour ago Lite-On will reportedly ship "half" of the wireless charging parts for the next iPhone 1 hour ago View all recent news You can pre-order and pre-download Injustice 2 on the Xbox One right now 13 minutes ago Developers will receive Windows Holographic kits at GDC 2017 51 minutes ago Age of Empires: Castle Siege will debut on Android this March 2 hours ago Microsoft's HoloLens headset is now available in Japan 4 hours ago View all Microsoft news Super Mario Run is coming to the Google Play Store in March 9 hours ago Lenovo's Moto Z will receive Nougat update next month, with Play version following in March 17 hours ago Google Earth Pro 7.1.8.3036 22 hours ago Google adds an IM sharing feature inside of YouTube, but only for Canadians 23 hours ago View all Google news Lite-On will reportedly ship "half" of the wireless charging parts for the next iPhone 1 hour ago Apple's next iPhone may incorporate facial recognition technology 8 hours ago Microsoft finally releases Office Lens for iPad 21 hours ago FTC sues Qualcomm for bullying smartphone industry into using its products Jan 18, 2017 View all Apple news Opera 42.0.2393.137 18 hours ago Notepad++ 7.3.1 21 hours ago TagScanner 6.0.19 22 hours ago Google Earth Pro 7.1.8.3036 22 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank Jan 15, 2017 Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks Jan 15, 2017 A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings One Windows: Microsoft's new 'adaptive shell' to scale Windows 10 across PC, phones and Xbox 22 hours ago Microsoft is showing yet another advertisement in Windows 10, this time for Chrome users 18 hours ago New firmware updates are rolling out for the Surface Pro 4 22 hours ago FYI: Your Galaxy S7's display might switch to a lower resolution after Android 7.0 update 4 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Microsoft SharePoint Mastery Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals 1 hour ago Save 47% off this Wireless Mobile Gaming Controller - get it for just $52.95 Jan 18, 2017 Get this Full Stack Programmer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 17, 2017 Get this Microsoft Certified Solutions (MCSE): Server Infrastructure Bundle for just $47.99 Jan 16, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ The Google Store is no longer selling the Moto 360 2nd Generation By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Jan 18, 2017 with 4 comments If you've been wanting to get your hands on a second generation Moto 360, now is the time. Google today removed the listing for the device from its online Store. In fact, Motorola confirmed at the beginning of December that it has no foreseeable plans to make a new model. Luckily, there are still some third-party retailers that you can get the smartwatch from (Motorola doesn't sell it from its website either), such as Best Buy. The retailer has three models in stock, but they're all on clearance, so you'll want to hurry up. You can get the 46mm gold and black model for $322.99, the 42mm gold stainless steel model for $303.99, or a refurbished 46mm Sport for $154.99. The Google Store now has four Android Wear devices for sale: Nixon - The Mission, Michael Kors Access Bradley Smartwatch, Michael Kors Access Dylan Smartwatch, and Polar M600 Sports Watch. It's likely that the company is clearing out inventory in preparation for next month's Android Wear 2.0 release. There should be two new LG smartwatches that ship alongside the new OS as well; however, if you already have the second generation Moto 360, it is slated for an upgrade. Source: Google Store via 9to5Google Tags Google Android Android wear Motorola Lenovo Moto 360 Moto 360 2nd edition Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Telegram's CEO confirms that app will get audio calls Next Story Someone created a cheeky parody of Super Mario Odyssey using Grand Theft Auto IV Advertisement Community Activity Refresh All Windows 10 Mobile Lumias are back in stock at the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News PlayStation 4 sales top Xbox's by a hair but overall growth for the console has been good in Front Page News Lite-On will reportedly ship "half" of the wireless charging parts for the next iPhone in Front Page News Age of Empires: Castle Siege will debut on Android this March in Front Page News Apple's next iPhone may incorporate facial recognition technology in Front Page News Star Trek: Discovery (Sometime in 2017: CBS All Access) in The Media Room WVA Teachers Forced to Draw Numbers to See Who Keeps Their Job in Real World News Minecraft: Pocket Edition will not be updated on Windows phones anymore in Front Page News Trending Stories One Windows: Microsoft's new 'adaptive shell' to scale Windows 10 across PC, phones and Xbox 22 hours ago with 45 comments Microsoft is showing yet another advertisement in Windows 10, this time for Chrome users 18 hours ago with 81 comments New firmware updates are rolling out for the Surface Pro 4 22 hours ago with 3 comments FYI: Your Galaxy S7's display might switch to a lower resolution after Android 7.0 update 4 hours ago with 8 comments Related Stories Lenovo's Moto Z will receive Nougat update next month, with Play version following in March 17 hours ago Google is emailing developers about an early February Android Wear 2.0 release Jan 11, 2017 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: The first Google Tango phone is a one-trick pony Dec 25, 2016 · Hot! Google will announce two Android Wear smartwatches in early 2017 Dec 22, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Complete White Hat Hacking & Penetration Testing Bundle $888.00 $19.00 98% off Show Comments 4 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 17 GOOG: 804.61 -3.27 Report: Google planning to launch $200-300 Android One devices in the US later this year Abner Li - Jan. 17th 2017 5:36 pm PT @technacity Android One View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Launched in 2014, Google’s plans to have developing markets use a more controlled and stock version of Android have yet to really take off. According to The Information, Android One is now pivoting to the US with a launch later this year of a device in the $200-300 range. While new Android One devices have been released in the past year, adoption in intended developing markets have yet to achieve success. Google has already loosened restrictions on parts and feature requirements, but the devices are still relatively expensive compared to existing alternatives. In comparison, there is already an established market for $200-300 unlocked devices in the US. As such, bringing Android One to the US makes more sense and comes with a greater possibility for growth. Consumers get a Pixel and Nexus-like promise of two year of software and security updates from an affordable device. Meanwhile, it ensures that Google’s prized services are not replaced by competitors. Notably, Huawei placing Amazon Alexa on the Mate 9 has apparently been a point of contention. The first Android One device in the US is expected to launch in the middle of this year. LG is noted as a possible partner, though The Information does not have precise confirmation. For OEMs participating in Android One and following the guidelines, Google will be funding an ad campaign. With Pixel advertising continuing to be a success, the profile of cheaper Android devices might get a significant boost. Guides Android One View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact - - - Google starts selling water resistant LifeProof cases for the Pixel and Pixel XL Post your comment Comments (16) Vlad, 17 January 2017 Google Android Mobile accessories As you may know, Google's Pixel and Pixel XL are missing some features that have become common on flagship smartphones. Perhaps the most glaring omission on that front is the lack of IP67 or IP68 certified water and dust resistance. The Pixels only have IP53 rating, which means they won't die if rain hits them, but that's about it. Google apparently knows about this shortcoming, and it's interestingly trying to mitigate it somewhat by asking people for an additional $89.95 on top of the already expensive pricing for the phones themselves. The company's official online store has started selling water-resistant cases for both the Pixel and the Pixel XL. The LifeProof Fre cases for the Pixels come with IP68 certification, which means they will make the devices dust-proof and and submersible for up to two hours in up to two meters of water. Additionally, the cases also comply with the MIL-STD 810G spec, so a Pixel inside one of these cases should withstand a drop from up to 2m on any surface without a hitch. All this being said, you'd expect the cases to be bulky, and they are. But that's the tradeoff if you want your Pixel protected. Source Related articles If you order a Pixel XL from Verizon now, you'll get it in late February or early March The Pixels' Google Assistant is getting keyboard input soon January security update is now being sent out by Google for Pixel and Nexus devices Morgan Stanley says the Google Pixel will pull $3.8 billion in revenue in 2017 Reader comments Mail carrier I4Fp 4 hours ago Having both phones (s7 and Pixel XL) in our household, if you're interested in water resistance get a Samsung. I occasionally get caught in downpours and it's worth the bs with upgrades and such. However the Pixel XL is just amazing! If it had wirele... Reply Cook99 4AGc 22 hours ago I have this case. It is waterproof but it feels cheap. High cost. It said to test it before you use it. I did. No problem there. But when I used the PLASTIC tool that comes with the case to unreal and open it, the PLASTIC tool left intents in the cas... Reply JonHolstein mhA3 18 Jan 2017 The military spec, could perhaps make it worth the bulky look. But the great thing with phones with waterproffing is that they don't need bulky caes, and a nice one will do for some protection and for individual styling. Would be great with mo... Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 16 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Nokia 6 167,455 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 159,509 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 117,993 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 91,048 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 88,109 6. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 62,340 7. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 62,000 8. Oppo F1s 61,869 9. vivo V5 60,577 10. Nokia 8 60,485 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,858 2. OnePlus 3 1,584 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,549 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,500 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,385 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,368 7. HTC 10 1,336 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,144 9. LG G5 1,124 10. Sony Xperia Z5 883 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BOTS 5 bots to try this week: ChatterOn, MyKAI, Pepper.ai, Music Bot, and Botpress VB Staff January 17, 2017 7:12 PM Tags: Botlist, Botpress, bots, chatbots, Chatteron, Music Bot, MyKAI, Pepper.ai, top-stories Above: Kasisto's MyKAI bot aims to help people track and manage their money. Many of us have friends who will ask, “How was your day?” Some of these friends may follow-up with “What’s on your mind?” A few might probe deeper: “Care to share more detail on how you feel?” But only a handful might check in daily. This type of companionship — with a promise to help you understand how your mood is tied to your productivity — is offered by Pepper.ai, which appears again on 5 bots to try this week. So, how was your day? Here are the five most popular bots this past week, as they appear on Botlist. Please give them a try, and let us know what you think. 5. Botpress An open-source bot creation tool written in JavaScript. It is powered by a graphical interface and by a rich set of open-source modules built by the community. Available on Messenger, Slack 4. Music Bot This bot plays YouTube videos in mp3 format. When a song is selected, the bot will download it and play it after the current song! I can play any video on youtube! If there are too many videos on YouTube with the same name, then I can play via url link. Note: if the song/video is not on youtube it can’t play it. Command to play music: !play “name of song” Command to play via link: !play “youtubelink”  99% percent of the times online (only offline when bot restart, at 1:00 am) Created By Rottweiler Games. Join my server to test the bot: https://discord.gg/C9ygXJn Available on Discord 3. Pepper.ai Pepper is in beta. Pepper helps you find out the little things that make you happiest. Use Pepper to: Reveal patterns in how you feel over days, weeks and months Identify ways to shape a more fulfilling life Get the emotional support you need, when you need it Establish and maintain new, positive daily habits Find out the little things that make you happiest Message Pepper to get started! Reflect on your feelings: Message ‘reflect’ and Pepper will generate a history of your feelings for the past week. This will help you understand your mood cycles and how it fluctuates through the week. Express how you feel: Once a day, Pepper will check in to see how you’re doing, asking you to rate your mood as either Green (feeling good), Yellow (okay) or Red (feeling bad) and asking why you feel that way. By regularly tracking how you feel, you’ll gain a better awareness of what’s making it better or worse. Using Google Calendar? Track your productivity and mood based on your meetings by syncing your Google Calendar with Pepper. Type ‘connect google’ to connect your Google Calendar. These are the highlights – for even more commands, type ‘help’. Enjoy! Available on Messenger 2. MyKAI Kai, the bot inside MyKAI, helps you manage money, track expenses, analyze spending, set budgets, pay people, and answer banking questions. It’s as natural as texting a friend and secure as a bank’s mobile app. Kai knows 20,000 US banks, including checking and savings accounts, credit cards, loans, and mortgages. With all of your accounts in one place and Kai a text away, staying on top of your money is woven into your day, so you can go about your day. Here’s a sampling of what you can ask Kai to do for you: Check balances: How much money do I have in checking? What’s the available balance on my cc? How much do I owe on all my credit cards? Understand spending categories: How much did I spend eating out last month? How about travel? How much have a spent on groceries? Set dynamic budgets: Ask how much you spent in a category, like restaurants or gas, and Kai offers to set an alert about spending in that category. Track spending by merchants: How much did I spend on Uber last week? Last month? How much did I spend at Best Buy? Amazon? Track spending in timeframes: How much did I spend last weekend? How much I spend on travel in 2016? How much did I deposit in Sept? Track spending by amounts: What was my largest transaction in Nov? What was my most expensive restaurant? Track spending by location: How much did I spend in NYC last week? What were my expenses in Big Sur last weekend? Pay and charge people with Venmo: Pay Lauren $15 for pho. Collect $750 from Sasha for rent. How much did I pay Andy last week? Increase your financial literacy without jargon: What is APR? How does compound interest work? How is a credit score defined? Kai is smarter than the average bot because it’s built with conversational artificial intelligence that’s fluent in banking. Available on Messenger, Slack, SMS 1. ChatterOn ChatterOn is a chat bot building platform which specializes in combining user conversation flow with AI and rich content elements. With ChatterOn, you can create bot flow according to your business needs and then once created, you can deploy it to Facebook messenger. Available on Messenger Popularity of the top 5 bots on Botlist is based on web traffic to individual bots’ pages appearing on the site. The bot directory says it receives more than 200 submissions each week and tests their purpose, functionality, content, and overall quality before accepting them. This week’s rankings were for the period January 9 – 15, 2016. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented By threatening Donald Trump, Anonymous is doing our dirty laundry for us, and that isn’t right By Anirudh Regidi 11   Comments Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 8   Comments Vodafone announces SuperNet 4G plans: 4GB data priced at Rs 250 and 22GB for Rs 999 By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments Moon Express receives permission to start mining operations on the Moon By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launched in India from Rs 9,999; goes on sale 23 January By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments more from #Google YouTube app introduces social sharing and chatting features starting in Canada Google acquires mobile app developer platform Fabric from Twitter Super Mario Run for Android will launch in March Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> India beats US to become top country to download 6bn apps from Google Play Store: App Annie report #Google 4   18 Jan 2017 , 08:43 India zipped past the US to become the top country that registered 6 billion downloads from Google’s Play Store in 2016, according to analytics firm App Annie. “India’s app market grew massively outpacing the US to surpass it as the #1 country by Google Play downloads, from around 3.5 billion downloads in 2015 to over 6 billion downloads in 2016,” App Annie said in a report. App downloads grew by 15 per cent worldwide across iOS and Google Play, with total time spent in apps increasing by 25 per cent, it added. In 2016, publishers were paid over USD 35 billion in revenue across the iOS App Store and Google Play. When including in-app advertising, app store revenue and third-party Android stores in 2016, publishers made over USD 89 billion in revenue. Further, the report found the average consumer uses well over 30 apps per month across various markets. As technology and business models continue to evolve, apps are playing an even greater role in transforming, and creating opportunities for, companies and industries both established and new, App Annie Senior Vice President Research Danielle Levitas said. “We’re seeing major indications of this shift globally. App adoption is growing rapidly in emerging markets including India and Indonesia while mature markets are seeing apps challenge and change traditional industries including retail, entertainment and banking,” Levitas added. Facebook, WhatsApp and UC Browser were the top three apps in terms of combined download on Google Play and iOS in India. Candy Crush, Subway Surfers and Temple Run 2 were the top three games downloaded. PTI Tags: Android Apps, App Annie, app downloads, Google, Google Play Store, iOS Apps Also read Google Play Store revenue increased over twofold over last year: App Annie Google Drive subscription billing moves to the Play Store X Recommended For You YouTube app introduces social sharing and chatting features starting in Canada Google acquires mobile app developer platform Fabric from Twitter Deloitte study points out that consumers are still confused about self-driving cars This new Gmail phishing scam﻿ is tricking even tech-savvy users: Here’s the trick to detecting it Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #NASA Jan 19, 2017 NASA is preparing “Psyche” mission to send a spacecraft to a giant “metal” asteroid #Tejas Jan 19, 2017 HAL Tejas to make its debut run during the Republic Day Parade #Quantum Physics Jan 19, 2017 China reports that the Chinese QUESS quantum communications satellite is finally operational #Xiaomi Jan 19, 2017 After Mi Notebook Air, Xiaomi gunning for the lightest notebook with magnesium-lithium chassis #Alibaba Jan 19, 2017 UCWeb, Alibaba’s Mobile Business Group will invest Rs 2 billion in India and Indonesia SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 19, 10:40 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Android Wear 2.0 To Launch On Feb. 9 Alongside 2 New LG Smartwatches By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 01/17/17 AT 9:59 PM Close A new new report claims that Google’s Android Wear 2.0 will be launched during a special event scheduled on Feb. 9. In addition to that, the new software will also launch alongside two new smartwatches from LG. The new smartwatches, the LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style, are being made in partnership with Google. The devices will also be the first to run Android Wear 2.0 operating system. The partnership between the two companies is described as being “Nexus-style” implying that Google will have some control over its hardware and software optimization. The two new LG Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches will start selling in the United States on Feb. 10, according to VentureBeat. The devices will also continue to roll out in other countries between February and March. The LG smartwatches will also be given greater exposure during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain which kicks off on Feb. 27. The upcoming Nexus-style smartwatches from LG was first rumored way back in July 2016. A source claimed that Google was building two Android Wear devices and that they were possibly going to be under the Nexus brand, according to Android Police. Since the release of Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL, the Nexus branding seems to have been abandoned. Android Police also shared early renders of the two smartwatches in July 2016. Apparently, the renders will closely resemble the final products when they launch on Feb. 9. Both the Watch Sport and Watch Style will come with circular plastic OLED touchscreen displays with Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity and an Apple Watch-style Digital Crown for navigation. Related Stories Fitbit Acquires Vector LG Teases G6 In New Video Render of the LG Watch Sport (R) and the LG Watch Style (L) which was published back in July 2016. Photo: Android Police However, the Sport will be larger and it will also come with cellular connectivity for 3G/LTE data, GPS and NFC radios and an IP68 dust and water resistance. Since the LG Watch Sport has its own cellular connectivity, the device will have the same phone number of the user’s primary smartphone. The Sport will have 768MB RAM and a 430mAh battery, while the Style will have 512MB RAM and a 240mAh battery. Both will come with 4GB of internal storage. The LG Watch Style will also be IP67 water and dust resistant. On the software side of things, both of the upcoming Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches will have iOS compatibility as well as Google Assistant integration. With the LG Watch Sport having NFC, it will be able to take advantage of Android Pay. As for owners of older smartwatches, Google will be rolling out Android Wear 2.0 as a free upgrade. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Rick Perry Had Financial Stake In Dakota Access Pipeline Donald Trump's pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency was having his confirmation hearing held Thursday. Technology 'Overwatch' Next Seasonal Event Kicking Off Next Week Blizzard Entertainment is preparing for the next seasonal event of its team-based multiplayer first-person shooter game “Overwatch.” World South Korean Man Kidnapped And Killed By Philippines Police Although the officers reportedly abducted the man on pretense of narcotics, South Korean authorities say the businessman was not involved in drug activity in the Philippines. National Trump Inauguration Tickets Still Available Online While it may now be difficult to get free tickets, there are still plenty of last-minute options to attend Donald Trump’s presidential inauguration. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News Top 10 Best Huawei Mate 9 Accessories – January 2017 Free Tactical Shooter WarFriends Now Out On Android Huawei P10 Sports A Curved Display In A New Concept Video Moto G4 Plus Nougat Update Coming To Canada In February Recent Reviews Review: BLUBOO Edge Android Smartphone Review: LeEco Le S3 Android Smartphone Review: ZTE Axon 7 Mini Android Smartphone Review: UHANS A101 Android Deals Deal: TP-Link Smart Plug Mini for $34.99 – 1/19/17 Deal: EasilyDo: Lifetime Subscription for $19 – 1/19/17 Sponsored Post: Android-Based TV Boxes From Only $25.89 Pick Up SanDisk’s 200GB Micro SD Card for just $69 – 1/18/17 Special Features Video: Interior Design With Tango On The Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Weekly Poll: What Was Your Favorite Tech From CES 2017? VR Offerings AT CES Paint A Picture Of A Bland 2017 For Hardware Top 10: Best Android Smartwatches Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Google Is Adding A Device Certification To The Play Store January 17, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz Google is adding a device certification to the Play Store soon. Referred to as GMS Certification, this new menu option is surfacing in the Play Store app for some users and it’s designed to indicate whether or not the device you’re using is certified to have the Play Store installed. While most Android devices are certified to have the Play Store, certain devices are not and the reason for the GMS certification is likely being put in place for security reasons, although having your device listed as uncertified after tapping on the option to see whether it’s legitimately supposed to have access to the Play Store and Google’s suite of apps and services doesn’t lock you out of anything, so from a security standpoint it seems it’s merely there to alert the user. While this has shown up for some users for a little while, it appears now that more users are starting to see the option. However it isn’t showing up for a large amount of users just yet so it’s not likely to be a very wide rollout. To see if your device has the new menu or not, you simply have to open the Play Store and enter into the settings menu, and the GMS Certification option should be sitting at the very bottom as the last listed sub-menu. With this new certification making the rounds it will also make it easy to identify whether or not a device is certified before you make a purchase as long as you’re aware that the certification process exists and know where to access it. As many consumers likely don’t and won’t unless they’re shown, it’s not clear how useful the certification will be to the average consumer. That being said, having the certification there is better than not having it being that users are greeted with what having an uncertified device means, which includes Google notifying the user that their device may not be secure as well as the fact that uncertified devices may cause apps or features to function improperly, and this sort of information can be a great set of details to have if you’re conscious of privacy and care about everything functioning the way that it should. Post navigation Verizon Has “Thousands” Of Galaxy Note 7’s Still on Its Network Burner Parters With Nomorobo For Blocking Robocalls January 17, 2017 | Android App News , Android News Source: Android Police Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Top 10 Best Huawei Mate 9 Accessories – January 2017 Free Tactical Shooter WarFriends Now Out On Android Huawei P10 Sports A Curved Display In A New Concept Video Deal: TP-Link Smart Plug Mini for $34.99 – 1/19/17 Moto G4 Plus Nougat Update Coming To Canada In February Sponsored: Buy The Huawei Mate 9 From Jet.com For $599.99 AT&T Boosts LTE Capacity in Washington DC by 400% Top 10 Best Android Indian Smartphones – January 2017 Edition Android Nougat Kernel Source Code Posted for Moto G4 & G4 Plus Details Of Xiaomi’s Upcoming Mi Notebook Air 2 Revealed Rumor: Bixby AI Assistant To Use Galaxy S8 Camera Huawei Mate 9 Giveaway With Jet.com & Android Headlines – USA Only! Samsung Reveals Which Phones Will Get Android 7.0 In H1 2017 Deal: EasilyDo: Lifetime Subscription for $19 – 1/19/17 Twitter Confirms It’s Discontinuing The Buy Button Moto G5 Plus Running CPU-Z Leaks, Most Of Its Specs Revealed Samsung To Explain The Galaxy Note 7 Fiasco On Monday Sponsored: Huawei Nova Plus Giveaway from Huawei and AH AOPEN Debuts Chromebase Mini And Chromebox Mini T-Mobile US Releases First Software Update For LG V20 Flash Sale Results Are In, Nokia 6 Sold Out In 1 Minute Load More Posts Follow Share
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Unified Communications * Camera * Videoconferencing * More Tags... Industry News * Technology * More Industries... News By Location * Eden Prairie   Minnesota   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 Vaddio Introduces the ConferenceSHOT AV Enterprise-Class Conferencing System Vaddio Elevates the Huddle Room Experience, Delivering the First Enterprise-Class USB PTZ Camera with Integrated Audio     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Unified Communications * Camera * Videoconferencing Industry: * Technology Location: * Eden Prairie - Minnesota - US Subject: * ProductsEDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. - Jan. 17, 2017 - PRLog -- Vaddio, the premier provider of conferencing and production audio visual solutions, will showcase the new ConferenceSHOT™ AV Enterprise Class Conferencing System at ISE 2017 booth 2-C42. Ideal for huddle rooms and small- to medium-sized conference rooms, the ConferenceSHOT AV sets new price performance standards for USB-based enterprise-class conferencing systems. Powerful The ConferenceSHOT AV integrates a 10X zoom PTZ camera and audio conferencing mixer into a single USB 3.0 device, so you can easily connect up to two microphones and an external speaker directly to the camera. It allows simple plug and play functionality with all major UCC soft clients such as Skype for Business, WebEx and Google. "The ConferenceSHOT AV turns your BYOD device into a collaboration system with professional PTZ camera quality and full room hands-free audio conferencing," said Steve Durkee, President of Commercial Products, Milestone. "It's a significant step up in quality and performance from current desktop webcam-based technology being used for group meeting rooms today." For smaller rooms, the ConferenceSHOT AV with a single EasyUSB table MicPOD is ideal; for larger rooms, two EasyUSB MicPOD microphones (table or ceiling) connected with the Vaddio powered loudspeaker provide complete room coverage. Simple The USB 3.0-based ConferenceSHOT AV supports any collaboration application enabling UC soft clients, such as Skype for Business, WebEx, Google and more, to become a group collaboration application. ConferenceSHOT is UVC compliant, requiring no drivers to be installed on your PC – just plug and play. Enterprise Class ConferenceSHOT AV incorporates the Vaddio Remote Management system – providing remote monitoring, management and control of a distributed camera network. IP-accessible and a built-in Web server enables both browser control and IP-live preview and setup from PCs, Macs and mobile devices including iPhone, iPad and Android devices. The ConferenceSHOT AV was designed with corporate, healthcare, government and education environments in mind – places where USB-based BYOD or dedicated PCs are being used in the conference room. The versatile system supports customized AV designs with third-party equipment or can be deployed as standalone solution. See the ConferenceSHOT AV debut at ISE booth 2-C42 for a first look or visit http://www.vaddio.com. About Vaddio Vaddio is a Milestone AV Technologies company. Acquired by Milestone AV Technologies (www.milestone.com) in April 2016, Vaddio (www.vaddio.com) designs, develops and manufactures professional quality PTZ cameras, Pro AV solutions and a full suite of Unified Communication and Collaboration systems for the audiovisual, collaboration and production markets. Combining enterprise class performance and industry leading support with system-configured design for simplicity of installation and operation, Vaddio products enhance any AV experience by elevating the science of communication with the Art of Easy. For more information visit www.vaddio.com or 1.800.572.2011. About Milestone AV Technologies Milestone AV Technologies is a leading designer and manufacturer of branded audiovisual products including flat panel mounting solutions, projector mounts, screens, equipment racks and AV furniture for both the consumer and commercial AV markets. Milestone's innovative products, sold principally under the Chief®, Da-Lite®, SANUS®, Projecta® and Vaddio® brand names, are sold through numerous channels, including Pro AV dealers, home theater dealers, consumer electronics retailers, mass merchants and original equipment manufacturers. With headquarters in Eden Prairie, Minn., the company serves a broad base of more than 6,000 global customers. For more information, visit milestone.com. Media Contact Beth Torgerson beth.torgerson@milestone.com End Source : Milestone AV Technologies Email : ***@milestone.com Tags : Unified Communications, Camera, Videoconferencing Industry : Technology Location : Eden Prairie - Minnesota - United States Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Vaddio News Vaddio’s Enterprise-Class USB PTZ Conferencing Camera – Now Shipping Vaddio Redefines Enterprise-Class USB PTZ Conferencing Vaddio New OneLINK HDMI for RoboSHOT HDMI & Third-Party Videoconferencing Cameras and Codecs – Now Vaddio’s Expanding RoboSHOT Camera Line Now Offers HD-SDI with Remote Operation VaddioTM Announces a New OneLINKTM Extension System for Cisco Telepresence Systems Trending ZÜPA NOMA To Exhibit Superfood Soups At Winter Fancy Food 2017 SmashMallow Brings Premium Snackable Marshmallows to Winter Fancy Food Show Japanese Martial Arts Center hosts Ryushin Shouchi Ryu Swordsmanship Seminar Renfroe Grows Its Manufacturing Capabilities By Expanding Production To Rockford, IL CeCe Peniston To Release New R&B/Soul Single "Sick" On Friday January 20th, 2017 Daily News Cobb County Resident Named to Keep Cobb Beautiful Board - 903 views FairBridge Hotels Hires Veteran Brand Leader Rajiv Bhatia as new CEO - 659 views McCarthy Building Companies Ranks No. 29 in Solar Power World's Top 500 Solar Contractors List - 337 views Air Hydro Power Welcomes Randy Lanter as Lexington's Parker Hydraulics Product Specialist - 237 views Farmer Veteran Coalition Adds Two Key USDA, CalVet Executives - 171 views Weekly News Lydia Backhouse Lands Back-To-Back Movie Roles - 2544 views Greg T. Walker (Blackfoot, Lynyrd Syknyrd) To Debut New Band, Two Wolf, At Legends Of Rock Cruise V - 1574 views Pet Professional Guild Publishes Open Letter to Veterinarians on Referrals to Training and Behavior Professionals - 1116 views Pet Professional Guild announces scholarship program for members to further force-free education - 986 views United Premier Soccer League Announces FC Sacramento as Northern California Expansion Team - 813 views Daily News Cobb County Resident Named to Keep Cobb Beautiful Board - 903 views FairBridge Hotels Hires Veteran Brand Leader Rajiv Bhatia as new CEO - 659 views McCarthy Building Companies Ranks No. 29 in Solar Power World's Top 500 Solar Contractors List - 337 views Air Hydro Power Welcomes Randy Lanter as Lexington's Parker Hydraulics Product Specialist - 237 views Farmer Veteran Coalition Adds Two Key USDA, CalVet Executives - 171 views Weekly News Lydia Backhouse Lands Back-To-Back Movie Roles - 2544 views Greg T. Walker (Blackfoot, Lynyrd Syknyrd) To Debut New Band, Two Wolf, At Legends Of Rock Cruise V - 1574 views Pet Professional Guild Publishes Open Letter to Veterinarians on Referrals to Training and Behavior Professionals - 1116 views Pet Professional Guild announces scholarship program for members to further force-free education - 986 views United Premier Soccer League Announces FC Sacramento as Northern California Expansion Team - 813 views PTC News 'Stranger Things' Star Millie Bobby Brown To Attend Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, Philadelphia - 283 views Cavium's XPliant® Receive Linley Group's Analysts' Choice Award for Best Networking Chip 2016 - 219 views Wizard World To Launch SocialCon Business Unit: SocialCon Shows To Span The U.S., Begin In Portland - 164 views PM&E, Inc. Retires Substantial Number of Shares - 164 views Wizard World Joins With Gene Simmons To Produce Local Shows In Five Cities, Launches Touring Unit - 29 views Jan 17, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Cloud   /   Google Uses Multi-Layered Controls to Protect Data in the Cloud       Google Uses Multi-Layered Controls to Protect Data in the Cloud     By Jaikumar Vijayan  |  Posted 2017-01-17 Print               Google circulates a new whitepaper that appears designed to reassure Google Cloud Platform customers that their data is protected by multiple layers of physical and cyber-security. Data security and trust have long been major concerns for organizations considering cloud-computing options. In an apparent bid to allay these fears among its customers at least, Google has released a new whitepaper enumerating the complex multi-layered strategy the company uses to protect enterprise data in the cloud. The paper shows that Google has deployed security controls in six progressive layers starting with physical and hardware security at the bottom and operational security controls at the top of the stack. A lot of the technology in Google's data centers is home built and incorporates what the company claims are multiple physical security controls. Access to Google's data centers is tightly restricted and only a "very small fraction" of Google employees ever have access to the facilities housing the systems that power the company's range of cloud computing services. Security measures for controlling facility access include biometric identification, laser-based intrusion detection systems, vehicle barriers, metal detection and webcams. Google's cloud hardware level security measures include a secure boot stack for ensuring that all hardware in the company's data centers are booting from the appropriate software stack and separate machine identity technologies for authenticating all hardware. A range of access management technologies, service identity, integrity and isolation tools and technologies like encryption represent Google's effort to protect its service deployment layer. The company's basic approach for securing the service layer is to make sure the hardware and software infrastructure does not assume any trust between the services running on them. "In other words, the infrastructure is fundamentally designed to be multi-tenant," according to the Google whitepaper. All inter-service communication for instance is protected via cryptographic authentication and authorization. All services have their own account identity and cryptographic credentials for proving its identity. One step higher in Google's security stack is user identity and access management of end user data. According to the whitepaper, Google uses a central identity service, which issues so- called end-user permission tickets for identifying and authenticating users to multiple Google services after they have successfully logged into one. Data encryption and data deletion are the two big controls that Google uses to protect the customer data in its massive storage systems. Google's storage services can be configured to encrypt data before it is written into storage. The company, according to the whitepaper, uses a multiple step processes with verification along the way to ensure that decommissioned storage systems do not contain customer or other sensitive data. Devices that do not pass the verification steps are shredded or destroyed in other ways on premise. A set of controls such as those for safe software development, intrusion detection and insider risk management comprise Google's control at the operational level. On the software development front, for instance, Google provides software libraries that are designed to prevent developers from making certain, previously known classes of security flaws. The company also has a flood of automated security testing tools including fuzzers for vulnerability searches in software, static software analysis tools and web security products. As part of Google's efforts to batten down the hatches at the operational level, the company also invests a significant amount of money on vulnerability research and finding zero-day bugs, the whitepaper said.           LATEST CLOUD ARTICLES   Microsoft Azure Automation Comes to the UK, West Central U.S. Region Google Uses Multi-Layered Controls to Protect Data in the Cloud Oracle Reveals Additional Build-out of Oracle Cloud in 2017 Microsoft Launches StaffHub Employee Scheduling App on Office 365 Google Parent Alphabet Kills Drone-Borne Internet Project                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Nokia is Working on NFC for the Nokia Lumia Series Chris Leckness01/31/2012 Marko Ahtisaari, Nokia’s head of design, sat down with the Guardian for an exclusive interview recently. During the interview, Ahtisaari discussed some of Nokia’s design plans down the road which includes several innovative ideas for the Nokia Lumia line which is powered by Microsoft’s Windows Phone OS. NFC, wireless charging, and software color themes to match accessories for the lineup were mentioned. Advertisement NFC (Near Field Communications) is a wireless standard very similar to Bluetooth that works by communicating with other hardware by touching them together or bringing them very close. The proximity required to initiate these communications are controlled by application’s sensitivity settings by the app’s developer. An example of NFC in use is available with the Samsung Galaxy Nexus with Google Wallet and Android Beam. Android Beam allows two users with NFC phones to share contact info by simply touching phones to each other and initiating the beam. You can see an example of this in a short video from Google. NFC is a very young technology right now, but the adoption of NFC seems to be picking up. Nokia and Google are already using it and Samsung is adding it to some of the Galaxy S II devices and the Galaxy Note. NFC is not yet supported by Windows Phone but plan to support it later this year.  The Nokia Lumia 800 and 900, two Lumia devices set to be released soon, will not have NFC. According to Nokia’s CEO,  Stephen Elop, NFC is important to Nokia and they plan to support it. Advertisement The company is also working closely with Microsoft, which is providing the software for its new top-end smartphones, to co-ordinate software details such as tile colours to match its hardware accessories, Marko Ahtisaari, Nokia’s head of design, told the Guardian. New versions of the Lumia design, introduced to showcase Windows Phone in November, will also remove the flip-up plastic tab that presently covers the micro-USB charger for the phone – one of just two moving parts on the Lumia 800 phone. I am really excited to see how Nokia does with the Lumia lineup in the US. Even though Microsoft has a bit of a bad reputation in the mobile game due to consumer’s perceived belief that Windows Mobile was a failure, Nokia’s great reputation in the feature phone market should help get Windows Phone into the hands of the consumer. Advertisement Nokia’s leaders seem very forward thinking and they know what consumer’s want. This is apparent with their push to have a line of accessories available for their phones at launch. This, in my opinion, is one of the things that Apple did well with the iPhone. Source: The Guardian 3 Responses 02/20/2012 Donkat Reply Hmm. Nokia still is failing to relase a Windows Phone like the E7 type with a keyboard to slide out. It is odd that there is the Symbian E7 but no Windows Phone equivalent. This is a must. Ok, it is better to redesign the E7 in a way it supports NFC and stuff, but what about the first getters of the Lumia handsets? There is no NFC and now, not even 6 months after the release of the Lumias, the phone is already outdated as the NFC chip has not been build into them. Now guess what? Nobody will buy an actual Lumia without NFC chip. So sales will remain low. This is not marketing, this is a disaster. 04/08/2012 Mcsujay Reply We need a best phone to use, you have one but why a NFC feature is not used ? Lumia 800 and 900 are really good one’s but what is stopping you guys to use a file transfer option on these handsets? I’d all plans to go for it but have to think a lot on this models which lacks the facility which we need :( Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/17/2017 21 Windows 10 Upgrade Problems & Fixes 01/16/2017
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices This is how much we spent on apps last year USA TODAY Jefferson Graham 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Explorer's ashes to be buried beside his hero Six Britons killed in minibus crash in Saudi Arabia © imageBROKER/REX/Shutterstock LOS ANGELES — We spent a while lot of time — and money — using apps in 2016. The market research company App Annie just surveyed the app landscape, and says we spent 900 billion hours using apps. That’s 150 billion more than the prior year, and constitutes a record. "This is both a combination of more people using smartphones globally and users spending greater amounts of time on them as more and more functions migrate to mobile (banking, video streaming, dating, etc.)," says AppAnnie's senior vice-president Danielle Levitas.  And we downloaded some 90 billion apps, on both the Apple iTunes app store and Google Play, vs. 77 billion in 2015.  That’s a lot of Uber trips, CandyCrush games and WhatsApp messages. The folks who make apps made a lot of money. Publishers picked up nearly $89 billion in revenue from downloads, in-app purchases and advertising. Google and Apple profited as well, keeping some $15 billion in commissions from the app revenues.  The $89 billion figure will double by 2020 to $189 billion, says the report. The bulk of the 2016 money generated went to games: some 75% of revenue on IOS and 90% on Google Play, with the smash hit Pokemon Go picking up the lion’s share of it. The top app downloads of the year were the tried and true: Facebook, What'sApp, Facebook Messenger, Instagram and Snapchat. However, when it comes to revenue generated, the top 5 apps were Spotify, Line, Netflix, Tinder and HBO Now. Finally, App Annie says we open up over 30 apps monthly. "More and more of people's lives are being integrated into smartphones (e.g. shopping, banking, paying, dating, music streaming, communication, ride-sharing, etc)," notes Levitas. "As a result, people are using more apps each month to complement their daily activities. In writing this piece, I decided to open my iPhone and see how many of my apps get opened monthly and come to 25, with a handful that get daily usage. My list: Apple News, Facebook, Messenger, GMail, Twitter, Instagram, Google Play Music, USA TODAY (of course) the NYT, Washington Post, DJI Go, Pedometer ++, YouTube, Snapseed and Waze.The others that show up at some point during the month: Sonos, Snapchat, Lyft, Uber, Politico, Flipboard, Chipotle, Solitaire, Quik and Amazon Drive.  How about you? Which apps do you open every day, or at some point during the month? Let's chat about it on Twitter, where I'm @jeffersongraham. Don't forget to subscribe to the daily #TalkingTech podcast on iTunes and Stitcher, and leave your reviews, comments and suggestions.   Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY NASA planning mission to an asteroid worth $10,000 quadrillion USA TODAY From not being able to walk on her own, to dancing as a ballerina USA TODAY Davos elite gather amid globalization backlash USA TODAY For some, Trump transition a 'step back' from civil rights win USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Trending: GEORGE H.W. BUSH DONALD TRUMP JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: GEORGE H.W. BUSH DONALD TRUMP JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Fired IT worker allegedly changed school's Google password, wants $200G to unlock it Fired IT worker allegedly changed school's Google password BY Elizabeth Elizalde NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Tuesday, January 17, 2017, 8:39 PM facebook Tweet email Triano Williams, a fired information technology worker, changed a Google account password, which stored the emails and course material of more than 2,000 students, the school alleges in a new lawsuit. (alengo/Getty Images) BY Elizabeth Elizalde NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Tuesday, January 17, 2017, 8:39 PM A fired information technology worker hit back at his former employer when he allegedly changed the password of a Google account, which stored the emails and course material of more than 2,000 students, the school alleges in a new lawsuit. Triano Williams worked for the American College of Education, an Indiana-based online school, but was fired in April after refusing to relocate from his Chicago home for work. Now, he’s demanding the school rehire him as a consultant and pay him $200,000 to unlock the information, the Indianapolis Star reported. The college offered its employees the decision to relocate to Indianapolis or resign and take a severance package. Most of them left, leaving Williams as the college’s only administrator. Google alters autcomplete suggestion or 'Jews' search School officials said they tried to log into the Google account numerous times and contacted the company for assistance. The school alleges in the suit that Williams installed a new operating system, changed the account's password and erased the hard drive. But Williams’ lawyer, Calvita Frederick, claims the school mistakenly erased the data. "The reality is the college created this problem over the course of the last several years as a result of certain business decisions followed by the termination of certain key employees," Frederick wrote in a letter to the college’s attorney, according to the Indy Star. Meanwhile, Williams, who is black, filed a federal lawsuit in Chicago accusing the school of racial discrimination. Carl Heastie, Google want kids to study computer science So far, he has failed to attend court hearings, and a judge ordered him to pay the school $248,350 in damages. Frederick said the school has hired other former employees as consultants and is asking Williams to work for free with threats of possible jail time. "He's got a lot of damages as a result of what's happened," Frederick said. Scott Preston, the school’s lawyer, told the Star that Google has already unlocked the account and retrieved the data for the school. Tags: google indiana technology lawsuits chicago Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
January 19, 2017 | 67° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Coast Guard suspends search for overdue diver off Hawaii island By Star-Advertiser staff Posted January 17, 2017 January 17, 2017 Updated January 17, 2017 3:48pm GOOGLE MAPS A diver was reported to be missing off Pahoehoe Beach Park. The Coast Guard suspended a search for an overdue diver off Hawaii island today after no one had been reported missing or in distress in the area. A good Samaritan, who is also an experienced diver, reported the man missing at 2:11 p.m. Monday, the Coast Guard said. The good Samaritan saw the man, who appeared to be in his early 20s, about 150 pounds with red hair, swim out to the farthest rocks off Pahoehoe Beach Park in Kona at about 12:40 p.m. The diver was wearing blue board shorts and a white rash guard with blue lettering. He also wore fins, a mask, diving gear and a back up regulator. The good Samaritan said he noticed the diver because the man was going out alone, did not have a float or safety gear, and had what the good Samaritan estimated as enough air for 80 minutes of diving. After two hours, the good Samaritan reported the diver overdue. The Coast Guard launched a search with an MH-65 Dolphin helicopter and the cutter Kiska. The Hawaii Fire Department assisted with a helicopter, rescue boat and ground crews. The Coast Guard suspended the operation after conducting nine searches covering 175 square miles. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Gabbard travels to Syria on ‘fact-finding’ mission ahead of inauguration Kealoha to get $250,000 to retire as HPD chief Former President George H.W. Bush, wife Barbara hospitalized Pit bull owner charged after dogs kill child in Atlanta 7-Eleven launches breakfast pizza No comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Home Peace Process Mindaviews Business Environment Governance Sports Pictures Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. MindaNews Home Peace Process Mindaviews Business Environment Governance Sports Pictures Home Top Stories Preparing for the flood Preparing for the flood By Bobby Timonera - January 18, 2017 Our first line of defense: sandbagging the gates from the outside. The tarpaulin lining further prevented the water from getting in during the Jan. 16, 2017 flood. MindaNews photo by Bobby Timonera ILIGAN CITY (MindaNews / 18 Jan) – The worst flooding in our house happened last December 26, 2016. We were caught flat-footed because we miscalculated Typhoon Nina’s devastating power as it was so far away in Luzon. Why worry when you’re 500 miles away from danger? Six inches of water and mud inside our house is nothing compared to what many have experienced in this flood-prone country. It’s just a little inconvenience on our part, but a nightmare just the same, evacuating things to the second floor, and cleaning up the mess the morning after. You just can’t hose everything away when cleaning the interiors. You have to mop each square foot, squeeze the muddy water into a pail, soak the mop in clean water, repeat a thousand times. And doing all these during the Christmas season when you’re supposed to be merry and bright. Then there was “Auring” shortly after. We vowed “never again!” And did everything that could be done to prevent another flooding inside our home. How to keep our house dry obsessed us. But then Auring moved North, and we were spared. The ground floor of our house during the Dec. 26, 2016 flood. We were caught flat-footed because Typhoon Nina that hit Luzon was 500 miles away. MindaNews photo by Bobby Timonera But our efforts paid off when the low pressure area came Monday evening (January 16), bringing in much more rain over a longer period. I can say it was the heaviest rain we’ve experienced since we moved into this house in 2007, but we managed to keep the inside of our house completely dry. In the past, less powerful rains caused flooding in our house thrice. Although Sendong in December 2011 was the most devastating disaster this city had ever seen, our house was spared that time. Maybe because most of the rain poured into the mountains, then drained through the rivers. Luckily, we’re far from Iligan’s two major rivers. But it’s different when the rains fall directly in downtown Iligan, or in our subdivision near the mountain, as what happened last Dec. 26. It appears that in our subdivision, our house is always the first to be inundated by floods. The whining game It’s easy to blame PAGASA (Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration) for not giving enough warning (in fairness, they did), or the city government for not having planned enough, or the DPWH (Department of Public Works and Highways) for building a diversion road in a mountain not far from us, or the rich guy who opposed and literally blocked construction of that road and thus no canals have been built yet to direct the flow of rain water, etc. etc. etc. During the flood that hit Iligan and Cagayan de Oro city last Jan. 16, 2017, which was worse than the Dec. 26, 2016 flood, the water got only in our garage. Notice the tarpaulin-covered sandbags guarding the door on the right, which was our second line of defense. MindaNews photo by Bobby Timonera But enough of the whining; it’s time to put matters into our own hands. So my wife and I sat down together to plan, browsed the Web for anti-flood measures. I like it when we sit down, discuss a problem, and come up with solutions, even if our expertise (journalism and medicine) have nothing to do with issues like dealing with floods. Here’s what we thought we can solve on our own: 1) prevent the water from coming in, and 2) drain out the water that gets in as fast as possible. We acknowledged the things we don’t have control over – stop the rain from falling, and for government to manage the flood properly – and we just have to live with that, for now. Googling for anti-flood solutions for the home gave results, showing what they’re doing in advanced countries – mostly inflatable plastic tubes and metal panels with rubber lining on the edges. They are expensive by our standards, and are not available locally. Being big, heavy things, Amazon can’t deliver them on your doorsteps right away using drones. We’ve been thinking of fabricating those metal barriers, we’ve come up with some designs, but it’ll take time to build them. What we need is something that we can do ASAP. Sandbagging As I whined in my Instagram and Facebook accounts after the Dec. 26 flood, my friend Elmer suggested that the “quick fix” could be sandbagging while we’re waiting for government to remedy the flood problem, which is unlikely to happen in my lifetime. Putting the sandbags from the inside, as in this case in our garage gate, is not as effective as placing them outside. The strong flood current on Jan. 16, 2017 moved the heavy sandbags that we had to reinforce them as the flood was ongoing. MindaNews photo by Bobby Timonera A little googling and we found a tutorial on Youtube how to do it. Okay, that’s doable. Materials are readily available, and cheap. So I bought sacks from rice vendors – the size that contains 25kg, coz the 50kg sack would be sooo heavy – and went to the area selling sand and other aggregates. The idea is to put tarpaulin first as lining to help prevent seepage, then place a series of sandbags, two layers if possible. It’s easier for us because our doors don’t have screens. So we placed the sandbags outside, and no problem opening the doors that swing inward. The gates posed a problem though, because they’re too wide. The sandbags in the garage gate was most difficult to install, because once we set them up, you can’t bring the cars out. But it’s okay because once our street is flooded, you also can’t drive the cars. We decided that we’ll just put the sandbags in the garage gate when we’re already sure that the flood would come. All in all, I must have bought over a hundred sacks of sand to cover all four doors in the house (including one wide double-door), the gate in the garage, the service gate, and the other gate leading to the garden. At 20 pesos per sack of sand plus five pesos for the sack, it’s worth the expense. It’s backbreaking work, but our two-wheeled stroller, the one used by laborers to carry sacks of rice, helped a lot. Did it work? Looks like it did. Not completely, but it did. During the flood last Monday, we could peep through the cracks in the wooden gate and see that the water level outside was higher than what got into the garage. There was still water that got through the gate, but not enough to get to the floor level of our house. In the other gate, the one leading to the garden, water used to flow briskly, flooding the whole garden fast. But this time, the garden was okay, with the water only at ankle-level, but only in the small area near the gate. Check the drainage Next came the realization that while floods got into the compound of our next-door neighbors, the water didn’t get inside their homes. Something’s wrong somewhere inside our compound. To make sure that water drains well in the circumferential canal of our compound, we covered it with fisherman’s net to catch the falling leaves. The leaves clogged the drainage during previous floods. MindaNews photo by Bobby Timonera Around our house is a concrete drainage canal a foot wide and a little over two feet deep designed to drain water into the big culvert by the roadside set up by the subdivision developer. That’s drainage on the front part side of the house. On the rear part, the canal drains into an open lot during heavy rains. After the flood last Dec. 26, I checked the drainage at the back. They were all clogged with dry leaves and other debris. No wonder the floodwater that entered our gates got stuck inside, continued to rise fast and entered our house. I cleaned them all. But how to prevent the leaves from clogging them again? Cutting the trees and the plants in our garden is out of the question. Those are among the main reasons we oh so love this house, enjoying the trees’ cooling effect, and listening to the birds’ merry chatter while they rest on the branches. We thought of covering the canal with concrete panels. But that would be expensive, takes a while to build amid the race against Auring coming too soon, and we can’t easily monitor if something’s stuck underneath. Solution: cover those parts of the canal by the garden with screen, something strong and set up sturdy enough to survive the rain and the flood, yet easily removable so we could clean the canal as needed. We used fishermen’s net, 27 meters in all, and hired three guys to do the job. It was done in less than two days. Yes, it worked. The screen caught the falling leaves, and the rain water was draining fast on the rear part of our house. Whereas the canal used to regularly overflow with the strong rains, water was six inches below the topmost level of the canal last Monday. Backflow There’s yet another problem with our circumferential canal – when the street outside gets flooded, the water flows back towards the house, thus causing the canal to overflow sooner. We installed valves on both ends, which stay open most of the time, but could be closed as needed, when the water starts to backflow. For now, the valves are just half-inch thick marine plywood. They’re not completely watertight, but they reduced water flow significantly. They won’t last for years, we know, and we’ll change them with better material later. Flood in the 2nd floor?! What surprised us most was when water got into the second floor, in an open area that has become our movie room, where we brought the things we evacuated from the first floor. The water was coming from the door leading to the balcony. The balcony flooring has a slight incline, going down outward so rainwater would flow away from the door, and into two drainage holes near the outer edge. To further prevent rainwater from coming in, there’s a 5mm concrete barrier by the door. That was the logical flooring design, right? But then we added small trees and other plants in pots in the balcony. My wife just loves plants, so they’re everywhere – in the garden of course, in the atrium in the middle of the house under a fiberglass roof, in the balcony, in the loggia outside our dining area, in the hallways, in the bedrooms, and sometimes even in the toilets. The drainage holes in the balcony in the second floor was also covered with leaves in the previous flood, so we bought cheap strainers to cover the holes. We placed half a brick on top to prevent the strainer from being moved by the water. MindaNews photo by Bobby Timonera The price of the beautiful greenery? Again, leaves clogged the drainage in the balcony, and so the water rose, and got inside. Solution: We bought cheap strainers about six inches wide from a bargain shop to cover the drainage holes, and placed half a brick on top to keep them stable. It worked! Leaves don’t clog the holes anymore as they are trapped around the strainer’s circumference. As I said, our “worst” flood was nothing compared to what others have gone through. But I hope you learned some lessons here, and do something to help prevent the flood from coming into our homes, instead of just blaming government all the time. What we did may work on moderate flooding, with just a few inches to maybe up to a meter of rainfall, but definitely not at the level of what happened to Cagayan de Oro last Monday, or in areas submerged during the flashfloods of Sendong here in my hometown more than five years ago when logs swept away houses. (Bobby Timonera / MindaNews) TAGS disaster preparedness drrm flood iligan city SHARE Facebook Twitter Bobby Timonera RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Floods displace 8,000 in Caraga Surigao seeks help from US, Japan in search of WW2 bombs Caraga on red alert due to heavy rains TOP STORIES Floods displace 8,000 in Caraga Roel Catoto - January 19, 2017 Surigao seeks help from US, Japan in search of WW2 bombs Roel Catoto - January 19, 2017 Caraga on red alert due to heavy rains Roel Catoto - January 19, 2017 Classes suspended in SouthCot town Mindanews - January 19, 2017 Forced evacuation employed in areas near Pulangi River Walter I. Balane - January 19, 2017 MINDAVIEWS CRUCIBLE: Foundational Response to Challenge of the Era Julkipli Wadi - January 19, 2017 MARGINALIA: Islamic, un-Islamic, or Islamist? Mansoor L. Limba - January 19, 2017 COMMENTARY: Con-Com can learn from the BBL Michael Henry Ll. Yusingco - January 16, 2017 THE PHILSOUTH LINE:  Japan PM’s visit: a showcase of good tidings Frencie Carreon - January 14, 2017 KISSA AND DAWAT: Notes on DepEd’s Madrasah Education Program Noor Saada - January 13, 2017 MOST READ NCIP denies IPO’s application for 80K-hectare ancestral domain claim in Caraga   Roel Catoto - November 27, 2016 Abandoned nickel plant in Surigao poses health hazard Roel Catoto - July 13, 2012 Surveyors find no common landfill site for Malaybalay, Valencia Mindanews - April 17, 2009 TRAVEL Surigao City’s ‘thrill’ mountain Ramon Jorge B. Sarabosing - October 2, 2015 Caraga anti-mining advocates to join Earth Day commemoration Roel Catoto - April 21, 2014 4 Northern Mindanao cities, Surigao Norte suspend classes on Friday Mindanews - December 4, 2014 Malaybalay City not fully complying with solid waste management law Walter I. Balane - June 23, 2010 Amulet Vendor Mindanews - August 25, 2014 "Principled collaboration" on natural family planning program possible, says PopCom Mindanews - March 15, 2009 TINGOG SA SUBA: Summer na! Ramon Jorge B. Sarabosing - March 11, 2014 Mindanao News and Information Center Service Cooperative (MNICSC) is a cooperative composed of independent, professional journalists who believe and practice people empowerment through media. 23C Saturn St. GSIS Subdivision, Davao City Philippines Tel. No.: 082 297 4360 editor [at] mindanews.com MindaTweets Tweets by @mindanews2010 FOLLOW US © Mindanews 2016 | All Rights Reserved
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media SEJ SUMMIT Tools Advertise Google Killing Off Google+ on January 24th, But it Won’t Be Gone For Good News· Google+ January 17, 2017 Google+ News Matt SouthernJanuary 17, 2017 SEJ STAFF 621SHARES 1.7KREADS 621SHARES 1.7KREADS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 621SHARES 1.7KREADS Google is retiring the “classic” Google+ as it introduces an all-new version with several significant updates. According to the company, the new features being added are among the most heavily requested updates from the Google+ community. ”With this latest round of updates, we believe the new Google+ is really your Google+— designed around your suggestions, requests and needs. It also means it’s time to say goodbye to classic Google+ on the web, which we’ll be turning down on January 24.” Here is an overview of the updates you can expect to see later this month. Bury Those Low-Quality Comments The new Google+ will automatically hide low-quality comments. The company doesn’t exactly define what is considered a low quality comment, but it appears to be anything that isn’t conducive to conversation. Here’s an example: As you can see above, if you wish to see the comments being hidden you will have the opportunity to do so. Less Wasted Space, More Room for Content The new Google+ is designed to put more of a focus on content by making optimal use of the screen you’re using. That means less white space and more posts. Images will especially shine in the new design, and the web version will even allow you to zoom in on photos. Events Are Coming Back Google is bringing Events back to the new Google+, with the ability to create and join events on the web version. The company admits it still has to refine the user experience of Events, so expect to see some improvements over the version launching on January 24th. More Updates to Come As Google shutters the classic version of Google+ it assures users its work on the new version is far from complete. “Our aim is to make Google+ the best place to connect around the things you care about,” the company says. If there are specific features or updates you’d like to see in the future, Google fully encourages your feedback. Related Posts Google Contributor Program to Shut Down in January 2017 Google Display Network to Begin Serving Ads With No Targeting As of January 18 Google to Drop Flash for HTML5 Ads in January 2017 Google is Killing Branded Search Traffic From Mobile Phones: Here’s How to Fix The Issue ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Matt Cutts Resigns from Google, Confirms He’s Staying With the US Digital Service - January 19, 2017 Google Acquires Fabric, a Mobile App Development Platform - January 18, 2017 Bing Ads Now Lets You Schedule When Ad Extensions are Displayed in Search - January 18, 2017 Download: Social Media Strategy Where the rubber meets the road: A look at SEJ's own social media strategy. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar The Top Backlink Profiles of 2017 & How They Were Built Wed. January 25th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Noelle Federico on How to Really Stand Out on Instagram See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th 25.3K reads 1/9/2017 2 101 Quick & Actionable SEO Tips That Are HUGE 10.6K reads 12/22/2016 3 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 10.4K reads 1/1/2017 4 Big 2017 Social Media Marketing Trends You Need to Know 9.4K reads 12/20/2016 5 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 7.0K reads 12/25/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Sergey Grybniak Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Database Security Authentication Privacy Compliance Identity & Access Management Security Monitoring Advanced Threats Insider Threats Vulnerability Management Network Computing Darkreading Advertise About Us Authors Slideshows Video Reports White Papers Events Black Hat Attacks/Breaches App Sec Cloud Endpoint Mobile Perimeter Risk Operations Analytics Vulns/Threats About Us Advertise Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS Follow DR: Authors Slideshows Video Tech Library University Radio Calendar Black Hat News Analytics Attacks / Breaches App Sec Careers & People Cloud Endpoint IoT Mobile Operations Perimeter Risk Threat Intelligence Vulns / Threats Attacks/Breaches 1/17/2017 04:35 PM Jai Vijayan News Connect Directly 1 Comment Comment Now Login 100% 0% Tweet Dangerous New Gmail Phishing Attack Gaining Steam None of the usual browser indicators of fraudulent websites are present in this method of phishing. [UPDATED 1/18/17 1:05pmET with comment from Google] One of the best ways to tell if a website that is asking for your username and password is genuine or not is to look at the address bar in your browser that points to the site's true origin. But sometimes that simple precaution isn't enough. A case in point is a dangerous phishing technique targeting Gmail users that first surfaced about one year ago but has begun gaining steam in recent weeks. Wordfence, the maker of a security plugin for Wordpress, described the phishing attack as beginning with an adversary sending an email to a target’s Gmail account. The email typically will originate from someone on the recipient’s contact list whose own account had previously been compromised. The email comes with a subject header and a screenshot or image of an attachment that the sender has used in a recent communication with the recipient. When the recipient clicks on the image, a new tab opens with a prompt asking the user to sign into Gmail again. The fully functional phishing page is designed to look exactly like Google’s page for signing into Gmail. The address bar for the page includes mention of accounts.google.com, leading unwary users to believe the page is harmless, Wordfence CEO Mark Maunder wrote. "Once you complete sign-in, your account has been compromised," he said. In reality, the fake login page that opens up when a user clicks on the image is actually an inline file created using a scheme called Data URI. When users enter their Gmail username and password on the page, the data is sent to the attacker. Maunder pointed to comments on discussion boards, which have noted that attackers log into a compromised account as soon as they obtain the credentials for it. The speed at which the attackers sign into a compromised account suggest that the process may be automated, or that they may have a team standing by to access accounts as they get compromised. "Once they have access to your account, the attacker also has full access to all your emails including sent and received at this point and may download the whole lot," Maunder said. What makes the phishing technique dangerous is the way the address bar displays information when users click on the screenshot of the attachment, he told Dark Reading. Normally, users can easily spot spoofed websites and pages by looking at the address bar in the browser. In this case, by including the correct host name and “https//” in the address bar, the attackers appear to be having more success fooling victims into entering their credential data on the fake Gmail login page, he says. The usual green and red indicators that inform users when they are on a safe or unsafe website are not present. Instead, all of the content in the address bar is of the same color and is designed to convince users that the site is harmless. The only indication that something is awary a string ‘data.text/html’ in the address bar just before the usual ‘https://accounts.google.com,' Maunder said. "If you aren’t paying close attention, you will ignore the ‘data:text/html’ preamble and assume the URL is safe." Google said in a statement that it's working on mitigations to such an attack. "We're aware of this issue and continue to strengthen our defenses against it," Google said. "We help protect users from phishing attacks in a variety of ways, including: machine learning based detection of phishing messages, Safe Browsing warnings that notify users of dangerous links in emails and browsers, preventing suspicious account sign-ins, and more. Users can also activate two-step verification for additional account protection." Wordfence's Maunder says the attack shows why users should verify both the protocol and the hostname in the address bar when signing into a website. Users can also mitigate the risk of their accounts being compromised via phishing by enabling two-factor authentication. "What makes this unique is the fact that none of the traditional browser indicators that would identify a possible fraudulent site are present," says Robert Capps, vice president of business development at NuData Security. "Users have been trained to look for the presence or absence of browser indicators," such as the HTTPS:// and lock icon in the URL, Capps says. Google has gone a step further with Chrome by specifically highlighting when a website poses a risk via a security notification. "Many users, including those that identify as being technically savvy, have become accustomed to looking for these risk indicators, and when not present, assume it is safe to interact with the website," Capps says. The attack underscores the need for Web browser makers to rethink the trust signals they use to inform users about a danger webpage or exploit. "How users interpret these signals should be thoroughly understood," he says. "Entraining users to rely on signals may have unintended consequences that attackers can use to exploit customers." Related stories: 91% Of Cyberattacks Start With A Phishing Email Phishing Threat Continues To Loom Large The 8 Most Convincing Phishing Schemes Of 2016   Jai Vijayan is a seasoned technology reporter with over 20 years of experience in IT trade journalism. He was most recently a Senior Editor at Computerworld, where he covered information security and data privacy issues for the publication. Over the course of his 20-year ... View Full Bio Comment  |  Email This  |  Print  |  RSS More Insights Webcasts [Cybersecurity] Costs, Risks, & Benefits [Analytics] Make the Most of Your Data's Potential in 2017 More Webcasts White Papers Speed Up Incident Response & Discover Critical Attack Details [Cloud] How to Execute a Data-Driven Approach to the Cloud: Migration & Management More White Papers Reports The Top Cybersecurity Risks & How Enterprises Are Responding How Enterprises Are Attacking the IT Security Enterprise Challenge More Reports Comments Newest First  |  Oldest First  |  Threaded View [close this box] Login 50% 50% NinahR034, User Rank: Apprentice 1/19/2017 | 8:23:25 AM Pending Review This comment is waiting for review by our moderators. Reply  |  Post Message  |  Messages List  |  Start a Board Subscribe to Newsletters Live Events Webinars More UBM Tech Live Events Interop ITX - The Independent Conference for Tech Leaders Attend Enterprise Connect in Orlando, March 27-30, 2017 Plan for Your Next Comms & Collaboration Systems Migration! [Cybersecurity] Costs, Risks, & Benefits [Analytics] Make the Most of Your Data's Potential in 2017 [Office 365] Managing the Employee Lifecycle Webinar Archives White Papers Speed Up Incident Response & Discover Critical Attack Details [IoT] Unlock the Benefits of Predictive Maintenance with Edge Computing [Cloud] How to Execute a Data-Driven Approach to the Cloud: Migration & Management The Truth About The Dark Web - Separating Fact From Fiction Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing More White Papers Video How To Find, Hire The Next-Gen CISO 1 Comments Threat Hunting: Going After The Big Game 3 Comments Preparing For Government Data Requests ... 0 Comments Partners In The Battle Against Cyberthreats 0 Comments Cybercriminals' Superior Business Savvy ... 1 Comments Improving Security Savvy Of Execs And ... 0 Comments An Open-Source Security Maturity Model 0 Comments D-FENSE! Using Research To Craft ... 3 Comments How Windows 10 Stops Script-Based Attacks ... 0 Comments How You Can Support InfoSec Diversity, St... 3 Comments Rise Of Machine Learning: Advancing ... 0 Comments The Future Of AI-Based Cybersecurity: ... 0 Comments All Videos Cartoon Latest Comment: Funny, but also true.  Consumers don't generally particularly care about things like security and whatnot when it comes to their IoT devices ... Cartoon Archive Current Issue 5 Security Technologies to Watch in 2017 Emerging tools and services promise to make a difference this year. Are they on your company's list? Download This Issue! Back Issues | Must Reads Flash Poll All Polls Reports Secure Application Development - New Best Practices The transition from DevOps to SecDevOps is combining with the move toward cloud computing to create new challenges - and new opportunities - for the information security team. Download this report, to learn about the new best practices for secure application development. Download Now! Dark Reading Strategic Security Report: The Impact of Enterprise Data Breaches 0 comments The Top Cybersecurity Risks And How Enterprises Are Responding 0 comments More Reports Slideshows 7 Common Reasons Companies Get Hacked 2 comments | Read | Post a Comment 10 Cocktail Party Security Tips From The Experts 4 What To Watch For With Ransomware: 2017 Edition 2 More Slideshows Twitter Feed Tweets about "from:DarkReading OR @DarkReading OR #DarkReading" Bug Report Enterprise Vulnerabilities From DHS/US-CERT's National Vulnerability Database CVE-2013-7445 Published: 2015-10-15 The Direct Rendering Manager (DRM) subsystem in the Linux kernel through 4.x mishandles requests for Graphics Execution Manager (GEM) objects, which allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via an application that processes graphics data, as demonstrated b... CVE-2015-4948 Published: 2015-10-15 netstat in IBM AIX 5.3, 6.1, and 7.1 and VIOS 2.2.x, when a fibre channel adapter is used, allows local users to gain privileges via unspecified vectors. CVE-2015-5660 Published: 2015-10-15 Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in eXtplorer before 2.1.8 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of arbitrary users for requests that execute PHP code. CVE-2015-6003 Published: 2015-10-15 Directory traversal vulnerability in QNAP QTS before 4.1.4 build 0910 and 4.2.x before 4.2.0 RC2 build 0910, when AFP is enabled, allows remote attackers to read or write to arbitrary files by leveraging access to an OS X (1) user or (2) guest account. CVE-2015-6333 Published: 2015-10-15 Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) 1.1j allows local users to gain privileges via vectors involving addition of an SSH key, aka Bug ID CSCuw46076. Dark Reading Radio Archived Dark Reading Radio The Coolest Hacks of 2016 In past years, security researchers have discovered ways to hack cars, medical devices, automated teller machines, and many other targets. Dark Reading Executive Editor Kelly Jackson Higgins hosts researcher Samy Kamkar and Levi Gundert, vice president of threat intelligence at Recorded Future, to discuss some of 2016's most unusual and creative hacks by white hats, and what these new vulnerabilities might mean for the coming year. FULL SCHEDULE | ARCHIVED SHOWS About Us Contact Us Customer Support Sitemap Reprints Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ RSS Technology Group Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Copyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite Dark Reading content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box]
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Report: LG Watch Sport & Style Are Google’s New Smartwatches – Android Headlines Posted on January 17, 2017 by Android Headlines Google and LG are set to reveal two new smartwatches on Feb. 9 along with the launch of Android Wear 2.0. This is the latest information coming out of a new report from Evan Blass (aka @evleaks) and VentureBeat which credits seen marketing materials on … Report: Google and LG Team Up for Two New Android Wear Watches, Watch Sport and Watch StyleDroid Life (press release) (blog) Google smartwatch reportedly packs a “Digital Crown,” launches February 9Ars Technica LG’s Nexus-like Android Wear watches emerge in a leakEngadget CNET -PC Magazine -The Verge -Forbes all 118 news articles …read more wrote 25149 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News ‘Overwatch’ Is Smartly Planning A Chinese New Year Event, ‘Year of the Rooster’ – Forbes LinkedIn debuts new desktop version with chatbots, new search and more – TechCrunch New iPads Might Not Launch Until Sometime in the Second Half of 2017 – Mac Rumors Panasonic wants to expand Tesla partnership to sensors for self-driving – TechCrunch Netflix Beats Subscriber Count Target By 36% As Growth Strategy Pays Off – Forbes Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Vancouver Vancouver’s Trump Tower showered with ‘unpresidential’ online reviews Days before Friday inauguration of President Donald Trump, B.C. hotel that bears his name becomes a lightning rod — on Google Reviews. Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print David P. Ball / Metro Order this photo A Donald Trump puppet dances atop a flatbed truck outside Trump Tower in downtown Vancouver on Oct. 5, 2016 as part of a voter registration drive by the political advocacy organization Avaaz ahead of the U.S. election in November. By: David P. Ball Metro Published on If you’re looking for a luxury hotel offering “unpresidented” guest service, “only takes Russian Rubles” currency, and “sucked, bigly,” look no further than the bizarre Google reviews pouring in for Trump International Hotel & Tower Vancouver. The Georgia Street tower is expected to open this month and bears the name of incoming president and hotelier Donald Trump, who is poised to be inaugurated Friday. Related stories: Vancouver women prepare to march against Trump Construction worker plants Mexican flag atop Vancouver's Trump tower Vancouverites recoil at chance to meet the Trumps The Trump branding has drawn criticism from Vancouver politicians, one of whom called it a “beacon of racism” because of its namesake’s promises to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and remarks labeling Mexicans “rapists.” At time of publishing on Tuesday afternoon all but two of the 58 anonymous, user-submitted written reviews for the hotel that accompany its Google listing are negative — most of them mocking the Trump brand using the President-Elect’s own insults and idioms. “Unpresidented care for guests,” quipped Grant Moore, who gave the hotel just one-of-five stars. It was a reference to Trump’s Dec. 17 tweet in which he misspelled “unprecedented." Another reviewer, Jordan Ivey, blasted the Trump brand as “a flaming pile of garbage,” using Trump’s reference to Buzzfeed after the U.S. website published a British intelligence dossier on the President-Elect’s alleged activities in Russia and the possibility that country might use it to blackmail him. “Only takes Russian Rubles,” joked reviewer Bradley Clark, adding a typical Trump twitter insult: “Sad.” The unverified allegations in that dossier — whose intelligence source was confirmed as authentic by news outlets — were the butt of many of the reviewers’ jokes, particularly claims that during one Russian visit Trump paid sex workers to urinate on a hotel bed in which President Barack Obama previously slept. “Concierge offered to upgrade me and give me the golden special,” joked user E. Smith One commenter alluded to rumours from a magazine publisher that Trump is extremely sensitive about having small hands. "Inconveniently tiny drawer, faucet and door handles etc.," reviewer Laura Michelle chided. "As a person with regular-sized hands I could barely open a thing." Not all commenters panned the unopened hotel, however. Two written reviews gave Trump tower five-of-five stars, and offered their own colourful insults — to anti-Trump liberals. “It was AMAZING!” said Phonse Musik. “I had a long flight from Canada, and all I wanted was a shower. I turn on the water and LIBERAL TEARS flowed out of the golden faucet!” Another pro-Trump reviewer continued in that vein, “What a relaxing time here!” wrote Derp O. “It was a great experience for me because I didn't have to run into any liberal entitled freeloading leeches who love to complain.” Vancouver’s Trump Tower was developed by local developer Holborn Group. While some hotels bearing the Trump name in other cities have rebranded themselves “Scion” — which Trump Hotel chain said in a statement means a “descendant of a notable family” — Vancouver’s retains the original branding. In November, Vancouver and Manhattan’s Trump hotels were briefly renamed on Google Maps by pranksters: “Dump Tower.” The Internet giant quickly apologized for the incident. Editors' Picks Colin Mochrie champions transgender rights in support of daughter Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet in the Joker's voice Beavers with Canadian roots are an environmental enemy in South America Brazilian woman learns she was mistakenly praying to Lord of the Rings figurine Most Popular Man, woman charged after crack cocaine, replica gun found in Halifax: police Bedford mall employee 'freaked out' by disturbing masturbation phone call Nova Scotia woman fined $150, given 5-year pet ban, in animal cruelty case Conflict of great interest: New York Times reporter stands by story on B.C. ‘Kafkaesque’ political donations Vancouver Views More... City Holler Resisting Trump in Vancouver City Holler The struggle to keep Vancouver's creative class in the city Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Home Industry Technology WhatsApp finally supports Android Nougat: Here’s what’s new WhatsApp finally supports Android Nougat: Here’s what’s new Popular messaging app WhatsApp will now support the Android Nougat notification system fully. As of now, this latest upgrade is not available for everyone but is available only for beta testers who use Android. By: FE Online | Published: January 18, 2017 11:15 AM According to Android Police, the latest update for WhatsApp beta is listed on version 2.17.12 that gives Android Nougat users access to the full notification system, which was unavailable for a long time. (Reuters) Popular messaging app WhatsApp will now support the Android Nougat notification system fully. As of now, this latest upgrade is not available for everyone but is available only for beta testers who use Android. According to Android Police, the latest update for beta is listed on version 2.17.12 that gives Android Nougat users access to the full notification system, which was unavailable for a long time. In the new update, users can reply to individual messages from the notification menu itself. There was a continuous problem with the Quick Reply option when there were new messages, and that issue has also been corrected. Android Wear issues have also been fixed in the latest beta update which makes reading and replying to messages easier on the device itself. All the new features are up for grabs on WhatsApp’s beta version. WhatsApp has an official beta testing program available on Google Play. In order to own this feature, users will have to get WhatsApp’s latest beta version. Users will have to sign up for it by clicking on the ‘Become a Tester’ button. One can also download the beta version of the messaging app from other websites like APK Mirror, which offer apps signed by Google. But one must make sure that the downloaded version is the latest one. Also see: According to reports, WhatsApp is all set to bring structured messages for enterprises/businesses. According to a new report by WABetaInfo on Twitter, the new feature has been found in WhatsApp’s latest updates on iOS, Windows and Android’s beta app. With the new functionality in WhatsApp’s structured messages, the app is trying to be more business friendly for enterprises. Also read | WhatsApp puts user data at risk; here’s why you should be worried Meanwhile, your chats reportedly are not as secure as you trust them to be. According to The Guardian, security researcher Tobias Boelter from the University of California, Berkeley has found out a backdoor in the messaging app which leaves your private texts and calls open to interceptions, which can be used by Facebook and the likes. However, WhatsApp had denied any such claims. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Dream Budget for common man if FM announces these 10 tax reliefs Govt may toughen PAN requirements to Rs 30,000 on cash transactions Budget 2017: 6 steps NRIs want FM Arun Jaitley to announce FM Arun Jaitley participates in 'Halwa ceremony', to mark beginning of Budget 2017 printing process EC writes to govt asking why Budget 2017 shouldn't be deferred, final decision tomorrow: Report Trending Now Maharashtra Governor Vidyasagar Rao for a survey to find causes of low voter turnout 5 insurance lessons from gaming apps like Temple Run, Candy Crush & Pokémon Go No one country can fight it alone, we share more intelligence with India now: Richard Verma,US Ambassador New polytechnics in Haryana to be run in PPP mode: Manohar Lal Khattar Maldives keen on Indian investments in ports, airports DMK announces statewide “rail roko agitation” after state's failure to bring an ordinance for Jallikattu Sebi prepares to allow options trading in commodity bourses Jalikattu: AR Rahman to fast tomorrow to support Tamil sentiments NIA says Islamic preacher, Zakir Naik's NGO has Rs 100 crore worth of real estate, may be summoned Sebi slaps Rs 14 L fine on 7 companies in investor complaints case Uddhav Thackeray mum on tie-up with BJP; announces sops ahead of BMC poll  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money This Tool Calculates How Much Your Investment Fees Add Up Over Time Six Important Money Lessons To Teach Your Kids [Infographic] Why Leaving A Little Fat In Your Budget Can Help You In The Long Run Hump Day Deals: 20% Off Fitness Gear, Half-Price Pizzas, Myers' Huge Clearance Sale Home How To Stop Mould From Building Up Inside Baby And Bath Toys Turn A Pool Noodle Into 'Quiet' Blocks For Kids To Play With That Drawer Under Your Stove May Not Actually Be For Storage Gut Fish The Japanese Way With A Pair Of Chopsticks Entertainment How Netflix Uses HDR To Guide Your Eyes Today's The Last Day To Download Videos From Vine, Here's How To Do It Everything We Know About The Nintendo Switch That Actually Matters The 10,000 Seconds Challenge: Can I Learn A New Skill In Under 3 Hours? Travel This Map Guides You To Great Photography Hotspots Around The World The 12 Most Scenic Train Trips In The World [Infographic] The Best Way To Get Compensation For A Delayed Or Cancelled Flight Tips From Flight Attendants On How To Survive A Plane Crash Health Live Like You Don't Give A Damn By Caring Strongly About Just A Few Things The Bee Is The Most Deadly Animal In Australia Lovehacker: My Boyfriend Wants Me To Peg Him. Is He Gay? Why Gratitude Makes You A Happier Person Design Dealhacker: You Can Now Do Harvard's Photography Course Online (For Free) Learn Eight Field Photography Tricks In 90 Seconds The Sierra 10 Desktop Get To Know Everything About Multimeters With This Guide Work Productivity Squeeze More Battery Out Of Your Phone With Android Doze Apps I'm Arianna Huffington And This Is How I Work How Isaac Asimov Avoided 'Getting Stuck' While Working Pull Up The Get Info Box On A Spotlight Result In MacOS With A Keyboard Shortcut Communicate How Presidential Pardons Work Hemingway, The Writing App That Helps You Edit, Adds Distraction-Free Mode And PDF Export Is It Safe To Charge Your Phone Overnight? 5 Must-Have Apps To Give Your Phone Extra Superpowers Organise Briefly: Pixar Secrets, Resume Hacks, Widowmaker Hate Google Saves Offline Searches, Finds Results When You Get Service Again Briefly: Zuckerberg Vs Zenimax, Galaxy S8 Rumours, Kardashian DIY Hack This Week's Top Downloads Career Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure How To Become A Plus-Size Model Take Control Of Your Email Inbox This Year By Using Only Five Folders Business Travel 11 Flight Booking Hacks Every Traveller Should Know Here Is The Winner Of Sodastream's Iceland Competition! Top 5 Thin And Light Laptops For Travel It's Official: Badgerys Creek Airport Is Coming To Western Sydney Security Telstra Just Won An Important Case About Your Metadata The UK's 12-point Brexit Plan Explained The Raspberry Pi Zero Makes A Great Motion Sensing Security Camera Too Ask LH: Is There An Easy Way To Find And Delete Old Internet Accounts? Small Business & Startups Square Introduces APIs To Support Integration Of Online And In-Store Payments Elevator Pitch: 4DX How I Succeeded: TryBooking's Grant Dunoon Twitter Kills Off Small Business Tool It Released A Few Months Ago IT Pro Cloud Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud IT Career What Employees Value More Than Salary, According To Glassdoor These Scripts Help You Start And Nail A Salary Negotiation Talk With Your Boss 10 Things You Should Do When You Start A New Job Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle IT Security The 25 Most Common Passwords Of 2016 Are Still Garbage Why Software Fixes Are Sometimes Called A 'Patch' 3000 Australian Officials Had Their Yahoo Accounts Compromised In Mega Breach Software Bug Forces GoDaddy To Revoke And Re-Issue SSL Certificates To Customers Developer Wire A Raspberry Pi Zero Directly Into A Power Supply For A Low-Profile Computer Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle Windows 10's 'Game Mode' Optimises Your PC For You Raspberry Pi Compute Module 3: Australian Specs And Pricing Deployment How To Backup Your Old PC (So You Can Finally Throw It Out) Would You Want The 'Right To Disconnect' From Work? Build A Laptop With The Guts Of An Xbox One S Latest Windows 10 Update Can Wreck Multiple Screen Setups Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers 11 Flight Booking Hacks Every Traveller Should Know Ratehacker: January's Best Credit Card, Savings Account And Home Loan Deals The Six Keyboard Shortcuts For Beginners Why You Need Boredom, Distraction And Procrastination In Your Life Hump Day Deals: 20% Off Fitness Gear, Half-Price Pizzas, Myers' Huge Clearance Sale Chris Jager Jan 18, 2017, 4:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories bargains dealhacker hump day hump day deals Money saving money savings Share Hump day (AKA Wednesday) is arguably the most boring day of the week. So why not liven things up by grabbing one of these nifty online bargains? Deals that caught our eye this week include: get 20% off fitness gear at eBay, half-price pizza from Domino's, Myers massive stock-take sale. Games/software This week's Humble Bundle focuses on great games of 2016. Pay what you want for Else Heart.Break(), Evoland 2, and Victor Vran. Pay $1 or more to receive a coupon for 10% off Humble Monthly for new subscribers. Pay more than the average price and you’ll also get Rust (Early Access), Shadowrun: Hong Kong – Extended Edition, and Stronghold Crusader 2. Pay $10 or more for all of that plus the Homeworld Remastered Collection! As always, you can divvy up what you spend between the developers, Humble Bundle and the nominated charity. Humble Bundle is also having a sale on a Pathfinder e-books. You can score up to $419 worth of Pathfinder goodness for just $2. Origin is giving away the PC version of Mass Effect 2 for free. Get it here. Udemy is once again offering a bunch of online courses for free. Available courses include Android Development using Mysql & PHP, Power Resumes for Job Interviews, Mobile Website Design and Workout Exercises for Fat Loss. Click here to see the full list. Telstra is offering six months of free Netflix access to new and existing Telstra TV customers. Simply log into your account and your Telstra TV to claim it. [Via OzBargain] Google is giving away four months of Google Play Music for free. The deal also includes free access to YouTube Red. Computers/Gadgets Students can currently save up to $494 on Windows laptops at the Microsoft Store. Click here to start browsing. eBay is offering $20 off when you spend $100 of more. To get the deal, use the discount code 'THANKS20'. [Via OzBargain] You can also get 20% off fitness, health, beauty and outdoors products from a range of retailers, including Amcal, Dell, PC Byte, Shopping Square and Grays Online. Click here to start shopping. If you’re a member of JB Hi-Fi’s mailing list, you should be receiving an email soon this week advertising this week's Deals — 40% Off a pair of AKG K52 Studio Headphones. Click here for details. Looking to connect to the NBN on a budget? Here are the cheapest unlimited data plans for each Australian city. Food/Drink Here are the latest "mystery wine" deals from Vinomofo: Shiraz 2015 for $10.90 (RRP: $60), Chardonnay 2016 for $13.50 (RRP: $37) and "Mofo Contraband" Chardonnay 2016 for $8.90 (RRP: $20). Time for a groceries run? Here are the best deals from Woolworths, Coles, Bi-Lo, Liquorland and BWS. Domino's has knocked 50% off all pizzas excluding its Value range. The deal is good for both pick up and delivered. [Via OzBargain] Miscellaneous Big W has slashed 40% off all outdoor furniture and BBQs. Got kids? Here are the best back-to-school bargains from eBay. JB Hi-Fi is still having a '2 For $30' deal on movies and TV shows. Click here to see what's on offer. Each Wednesday, Aldi runs a 'Special Buys' sale on a range of heavily discounted items. Today's deals focus on Asian cooking and children's clothes. Click here to see the full range of deals. Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Six Keyboard Shortcuts For Beginners Adam Dachis 18 Jan 2017 4:00 AM According to a statistic published in The Atlantic, 90 per cent of computer users don't know what Ctrl + F can do. As a result, we've put together a list of common, handy shortcuts and tricks that every computer user should know. If you have a friend or family member who could use a lesson or refresher, send this post along. Lovehacker: My Boyfriend Wants Me To Peg Him. Is He Gay? Tegan Jones 19 Jan 2017 1:30 PM Dear Lovehacker, My boyfriend and I are trying to be more sexually adventurous and he suggested trying "pegging". Should I be worried about him being secretly gay? Thanks, Peggy. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Deals: Give Your Resume A Boost With This Training Bundle Trending Articles 1 The Six Keyboard Shortcuts For Beginners 2 Lovehacker: My Boyfriend Wants Me To Peg Him. Is He Gay? 3 The Biggest (And Weirdest) Online Porn Trends Of 2016 [NSFW] 4 Live Like You Don't Give A Damn By Caring Strongly About Just A Few Things 5 Why Gratitude Makes You A Happier Person Turning The Totally Random Things That Kids Think Into Animation Is Silly Fun Walking On The Roads Of Argentina Looks Awesome The Star Wars Prequels Have Never Looked As Good As On These Posters Check Out The Evolution Of The US Dollar Bill Overwatch Running Chinese New Year Event Final Fantasy XV Cosplay Sprinkles A Lil' Meme I Want To Build The Hell Out Of This Destiny LEGO Miles Morales Will Headline Sony's Animated Spider-Man Film Live Like You Don't Give A Damn By Caring Strongly About Just A Few Things Squeeze More Battery Out Of Your Phone With Android Doze Apps How To Stop Mould From Building Up Inside Baby And Bath Toys Briefly: Pixar Secrets, Resume Hacks, Widowmaker Hate Obama's approval rating soars as he exits the White House FLASHBACK: Watch President Obama's historic inaugural address from 2009 The Apple TV is a mess -- and hardly the 'future of TV' Apple advertised People are outraged by a video showing alleged animal abuse from the movie 'A Dog's Purpose' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  Feature Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? by Michael Cowling  |  Wednesday 18 January 2017  | Comment Now We should not be afraid of the way technology is changing education. There is no doubt that digital technologies have disrupted our modes of teaching. The resources and inputs into teaching have changed to incorporate computer-aided approaches such as “flipped” classrooms, mobile-phone-enabled interactions, video capturing of lectures and enhanced mixed realities. The old “sage on the stage” model of teaching has been pushed into becoming the “guide on the side”, or possibly even further out of the picture – “voice on the video”, perhaps? – by the technology revolution. And yet, the national scores in NAPLAN and our competitive education ranking against other countries are slipping. First responders to this comparative crisis are calling for the return of traditional teachers with their “3Rs” of reading, writing and arithmetic, the importation of the world’s elite teachers to upskill our home-grown teachers, or maybe just a account to the pre-disruption days without technology. Input-output modelling for classrooms But rather than mourning the disruption of the inputs, perhaps we should be disrupting the outputs from our academic systems. Schools, as places where children were collected and taught by a teacher, evolved as farming communities developed. Children could be taught en masse, because those farming communities needed numbers of people to do the same activities again and again to maintain the crops or the livestock. If all the graduates from the school were the same each year, the farms, and subsequently the factories after the industrial revolution, could use them as interchangeable inputs to keep the economy going. Things have changed though. Certainly, the inputs to schools have improved: from slates to pen and paper, and now to iPads and other tablets. The schools are bigger and mostly air-conditioned and the teachers are professionally trained. But the outputs may not have fundamentally changed over the decades. Successful schools still aim to produce large numbers of young men and women who can follow instructions; read, write and do arithmetic; and hopefully be ready to enter the existing workplace. Certainly, the inputs to schools have improved: from slates to pen and paper, and now to iPads and other tablets. Our new teaching technologies might help these students to achieve all these things even better. But maybe, given all the other disruption caused by our technology, they may not need to do them at all. Take spelling. Obviously, graduates being able to spell is still one of those essential outputs from our schools. Indeed, one of us (CB) regularly got an “A” for spelling in school and considers himself “successful”, although his “A” was for absent! As a terrible speller, he literally made himself sick every Friday morning with an asthma attack (“A” is for “asthma”?). So on Fridays he sat fighting for breath while the others in the class spelled the lists of 20 words memorised for that week. This scenario just wouldn’t happen today. Today, two-year-olds just have fun while learning to spell on their digital devices, catching monkeys or collecting coins while typing out words and being rewarded with exciting sounds and stickers. And even if the monkeys don’t really work for kids, they’ve always got that handy squiggly line in Microsoft Word or the ever-present Google spell checker. Perhaps spelling isn’t even that important for students today. Don’t get us wrong, though. In our pre-technology days, we worked hard at spelling, and parents and teachers were hard-working hands-on people too, drilling regularly and using both carrots and sticks. There was nothing wrong with that then. But, in today’s world, is a non-spelling-enabled student really a failed output from the school system? No, because digital tools are available that reduce the importance of spelling to something schools don’t need to focus on. What about reading? There’s an app for that. Seriously. You can point your smartphone at a sign, some text or a book and your device will read it aloud for you, complete with definitions if you want. Auto translations from hundreds of languages are available if you ask. Modern students can also usually get close enough to a word for the predictive text to list a few relevant options to click and/or check with the online thesaurus to ensure the right one. Even when a student cannot get that close, they can just ask Siri to define “sigh-kology”, resulting in “Define psychology: the scientific study of the human mind and its functions, especially those affecting behaviour in a given context…”. Add a quick bit of copying and pasting and there you are: definition memorisation skills unnecessary. Similarly, mathematics and science, history and geography apps abound. If it is data-based, then there is likely an app that can extract it. Just think of all that time and all those panic episodes that could have been avoided in the attempt to produce a standardised school output. In today’s world, isn’t it easier to just ask “is there an app for that?” and focus instead on different skills? 21st-century graduates for a 21st-century society So, the question is: why does NAPLAN still score primary school children on their memorisation of spelling, their reading, ability to recall names of long rivers, or even shortcuts to integrate a mathematical function, in the absence of any technology more advanced than a pen? Do we need that sort of “output” from our schools anymore? If there is a known answer to a question, then graduates who are trained to search the web should find it (and quality-assure themselves of the value of both the question and the answer). If there is no known answer, how does the school mark the student anyway? Possibly by the student’s evaluation of the quality of the question? But, a traditionalist might ask, what if the technology fails? Well, frankly, if our computer networks collapse badly enough that the above technology becomes permanently unavailable, then we don’t think anyone needs to worry about NAPLAN scores. Our commercial, retail and social systems are becoming so reliant on these digital technologies that society is simply assuming they must be there to build on. Wi-Fi and cheap internet devices may soon become a basic right for all. Free Wi-Fi is already commonly available over entire city areas and many schools provide or require students to have a smart device. So what sort of graduates do we need for the future? We don’t need large numbers who can all do the same thing adequately. The farms and factories now need only a relatively small number of people to supervise the machines. Our commercial, retail and social systems are becoming so reliant on these digital technologies that society is simply assuming they must be there to build on. We also don’t need large numbers of humans to follow instructions well. Even present-day robots are good at following instructions meticulously. What we need instead are graduates who are good at one thing or passionate about one thing. Basic economics suggests that even if you are good at several things, it is best to focus on your best even if your best is not as good as someone else’s second best. If a student is passionate about history, why force them into remedial mathematics classes so they can define an exponent? Graduating classes, with each individual having a passion or just one thing they are good at, supported by technology that allows them to communicate and access the vast historical wealth of human knowledge, may be all we need from our schools. A massive diversity of passionate individuals, supported by the technology, cannot help but create new services and new opportunities that will not be subject to automation or replacement by robots. As a society, we don’t need thousands of pure mathematicians or thousands of historians. Just a few passionate ones may do for the country. But we may need thousands of new options and opportunities for the future generations whose old jobs and services have been disrupted by the digital world. That is what we need from our schools. Michael Cowling, Senior Lecturer in Educational Technology, CQUniversity Australia and Cris Brack, Assoc Professor Forest measurement & management, Australian National University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Related Articles Freewrite review: A thought experiment for creative writers made reality How Nissan and NASA solved a HUGE issue with driverless cars Gaming in the classroom - can it really help kids learn? Could apps and implants replace pills and prescriptions? I've seen the future of augmented reality, and it's called HoloPortal Source: The Conversation. See more about:  education  |  maths  |  spelling  |  technology   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Old fashioned DDoS attack planned to protest Trump's inauguration << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Sweden trials ambulances that jam other drivers’ speakers << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS 28 hours to hack happiness << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Julian Assange promises US extradition in light of Chelsea Manning clemency << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS The world’s most prolific national grid hackers have nothing on squirrels << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Malicious 'fake' news links used for social engineering << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) FEATURE Futures: Trading cubicles for VR - the future of the office << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Chelsea Manning's sentence commuted by President Obama << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Swearing on Facebook? It's a testament to your character << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Old fashioned DDoS attack planned to protest Trump's inauguration Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Free antivirus software put to the test The five coolest tablets at CES 2017 The six coolest smartphones introduced at CES 2017 SkyMesh beats telco supplier over millions in defective gear, data fees Australia ranks 50th in the world for average internet speeds at 9.6Mbps VMware User Group erupts after leaders from Nutanix sacked from VMUG The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 CEO ousted in AISA coup Telstra warns container ships off its subsea patch Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' Vic state property developer to sell off controversial FTTH network 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege The best upcoming PC games of 2017 Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  News The world’s most prolific national grid hackers have nothing on squirrels by Alan Martin  |  Wednesday 18 January 2017  | Comment Now When it comes to attacks on the national grid, a scurry of squirrels is a better bet than a hacking collective. Security experts have long warned that hackers could pose major risks to government infrastructure, including the power grids that provide power to our... well, everything. And while there have been a small number of genuine cyberattacks on the world’s power infrastructure, that number is far smaller than the damage done by the animal kingdom. That’s the conclusion of a talk by Cris “SpaceRogue” Thomas, a hacker turned security researcher at Tenable. At the Shmoocon security conference last week, Thomas presented his findings in a talk entitled “35 years of Cyberwar: The Squirrels Are Winning,” and the numbers do indeed speak for themselves – while verified hacking attacks are stuck in low single figures, squirrels have been responsible for 879. The CyberSquirrel1 project was launched to “counteract the ludicrousness of cyberwar claims by people at high levels in government and industry,” according to Thomas. Initially, the account used Google news alerts to gather information about animal attacks and populated a spreadsheet, but it has now grown to use a whole bunch of sources to highlight the animal kingdom’s sabotage success rate. As any good animal-based kids’ film will tell you, the squirrels couldn’t do it all on their own, or course. While they top the table, birds have been responsible for 434 outages, with snakes claiming responsibility for 83, racoons 72, and rats 36. At the bottom of the list, a jellyfish was responsible for a 2013 “attack” in Sweden. Here in Australia there have outages caused by bats, birds, and even kangaroos. In total, the combined animal-related outages have affected over five million people. “If you consolidated them into one location, it would basically take out the power for the San Francisco metropolitan area for two months,” Thomas explained. These numbers put the quantity of outages confirmed at being caused by state actors into sharp relief: even if you include the Ukrainian attacks allegedly initiated by Russia alongside Stuxnet’s Iranian attack, frogs still narrowly beat humans in a 3-2 thriller. The final slide of Thomas’ presentation sums up his point nicely: “Yes, there is a risk, (info and physical) security at most power companies is pretty appalling, but that risk is nowhere near the level of hype that cyberwar hawks have been spouting.” In this context, presumably “hawks” refers to those aggressively seeking action, rather than a subsection of the 434 bird-related outages, but it doesn’t hurt to ask. Related Articles How the 'Panama Papers' leaked Engineering the future of fusion Don't use weak passwords! Heartbleed: don't change all your passwords Microsoft reissues security fixes - again Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  animal attacks  |  government infrastructure  |  kangaroos  |  national grid  |  security experts  |  squirrels   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Old fashioned DDoS attack planned to protest Trump's inauguration << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Sweden trials ambulances that jam other drivers’ speakers << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS 28 hours to hack happiness << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Julian Assange promises US extradition in light of Chelsea Manning clemency << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS The world’s most prolific national grid hackers have nothing on squirrels << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Malicious 'fake' news links used for social engineering << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) FEATURE Futures: Trading cubicles for VR - the future of the office << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Chelsea Manning's sentence commuted by President Obama << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Swearing on Facebook? It's a testament to your character << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Old fashioned DDoS attack planned to protest Trump's inauguration Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Free antivirus software put to the test The five coolest tablets at CES 2017 The six coolest smartphones introduced at CES 2017 SkyMesh beats telco supplier over millions in defective gear, data fees Australia ranks 50th in the world for average internet speeds at 9.6Mbps VMware User Group erupts after leaders from Nutanix sacked from VMUG The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 CEO ousted in AISA coup Telstra warns container ships off its subsea patch Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' Vic state property developer to sell off controversial FTTH network 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege The best upcoming PC games of 2017 Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  Feature Futures: Trading cubicles for VR - the future of the office by Nicole Kobie  |  Wednesday 18 January 2017  | Comment Now Tech firms are leading the way in reworking office spaces. Nicole Kobie reveals what you can expect from the workplace of the future. Temperature bubbles that follow you from meeting to meeting, wireless docking for easy hot-desking, smart conference rooms that know who to dial in – such offices of the future may sound a tad more appealing than the current trend for open-plan designs with no privacy or personalisation.  For a glimpse of the future, look to the tech giants and startups: they’ve led the field when it comes to fun yet functional office space. Google’s Zurich office has a slide and massage room; Facebook’s Menlo Park headquarters includes a vending machine with free tech parts; and Apple is famously building a huge spaceship campus in its hometown of Cupertino. Even young startups have foosball tables and beer fridges to encourage staff to work for them.  As much fun as slides can be, most of us office drudges would settle for workspaces that don’t feel decades behind the rest of our lives. If any available technology lets us get the job done, rather than getting in the way, all the better. “While most employees are happy in their jobs, the technology capabilities of the workplace itself are becoming increasingly important to job satisfaction and personal happiness,” noted Neil Marshall, client solutions director for Dell. Virtual colleagues  According to Dell research, six in ten office workers around the world want AI – think chatbots – to work alongside them, because “they feel they could make their jobs easier”. A similar number believe augmented reality and virtual reality would be useful for training and problem-solving.  “For example, engineers will be able to leverage high-powered VR environments to design and interact with their work in a 3D workspace, and colleagues will be able to leverage VR and AR for training and meetings,” Marshall predicted, suggesting engineers would have full VR “caves” to explore their designs, while office workers would talk to overseas colleagues as though they’re across the desk via AR goggles.  “It sounds like science fiction, but it’s closer than you think,” he said, rattling off a string of VR partners including FedEx, Ford and Boeing. “From data analysis to training, VR has huge possibilities in the workplace.”  Internet of (office) things Cheaper, ubiquitous sensors will make it easier to monitor the office environment, and make it more comfortable (see “A desk that works for you”, opposite). “Technologies such as environmental sensors can help monitor and control lighting, heat, air conditioning, and other ambient controls based on presence or even the number of people in a given space,” predicted Alex Cho, vice president and general manager of commercial PCs at HP.  Displays, too, will move from your desktop to everywhere. “As devices become smaller, the need for a screen will still exist,” added Cho. “Walls, windows, and desktops could turn into instant, interactive displays for work.” Just be sure not to accidentally put up Candy Crush on your office’s windows when you’re having a bit of a break. Seamless working Building smarter offices is not all about future tech, but how existing systems are pulled together into “seamless computing”, said Dell’s Marshall. “Access to information will become ubiquitous, removing the concerns about how and where to access Wi-Fi and what data is stored locally and what is stored in the cloud,” he predicted. “Networking is just one part of resolving the office tangle. We’ll see a host of new wireless technologies become commonplace – such as wireless charging, displays and I/O.” Cho agreed, predicting a rise in flexible workspaces, already popularised by tech giants and startups. “Devices will become more seamless and contextual,” he added. “Users will be able to move from space to space, from one device to another – such as smartphone to notebook to tablet – fluidly, regardless of the operating system.”   He particularly hopes this happens with conferencing technologies. “When I walk into a meeting room, I want my PC to automatically recognise where I am and connect to available devices in the room for a presentation as well as connecting remote participants,” he said, noting that HP’s internal research shows that on average it takes 12 minutes to start a meeting. “Also, I’d like to automatically digitise any content that I may be writing on the whiteboard and email [it] to all meeting participants as part of the meeting notes.”  Do we even need offices?  Those meetings may become less frequent – a future many of us would welcome. Marshall said that the Dell report predicted that 60% of younger workers believe that communications technologies will make face-to-face meetings rare. That said, such a prediction has often been made of videoconferencing, yet in-person meetings persist.   “There are many different types of workers and creating a future-ready workplace is about optimising all of their experiences,” Marshall said. “A future-ready workplace has to appeal to those who need specialised tools and those who enjoy working from their own desk, too.” Cho added that while mobile working “is the norm and will only continue to grow” – with HP’s own research suggesting that 60% of office workers work in more than one location – he doesn’t “think we’ll see the office going away anytime in the future”. It may be mobile, virtual or filled with artificial intelligence, and even feature a slide or two, but the office will always remain as somewhere we go to do our work.  Related Articles Can smart meters be blown up? We'll let you decide.... Google, HTC, Oculus, Samsung, Sony team up to create the Global VR Association Workplace is Facebook's answer to Slack Review: Oculus Touch gets you hands on in virtual worlds Unfaithfully yours: what happens when virtual reality affairs get real? Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia Pty Ltd Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  cubicles  |  iot  |  virtual reality  |  workplace   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Swearing on Facebook? It's a testament to your character     This remote control kettle is worth pouring over     Global PC shipments decline for fifth year running, says Gartner     7 things you need to know about Nokia's new Android phones     Asus announces ROG GR8 II VR-ready PC   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Old fashioned DDoS attack planned to protest Trump's inauguration << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Sweden trials ambulances that jam other drivers’ speakers << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS 28 hours to hack happiness << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Julian Assange promises US extradition in light of Chelsea Manning clemency << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS The world’s most prolific national grid hackers have nothing on squirrels << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Malicious 'fake' news links used for social engineering << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) FEATURE Futures: Trading cubicles for VR - the future of the office << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Chelsea Manning's sentence commuted by President Obama << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Swearing on Facebook? It's a testament to your character << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Old fashioned DDoS attack planned to protest Trump's inauguration Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Free antivirus software put to the test The five coolest tablets at CES 2017 The six coolest smartphones introduced at CES 2017 SkyMesh beats telco supplier over millions in defective gear, data fees Australia ranks 50th in the world for average internet speeds at 9.6Mbps VMware User Group erupts after leaders from Nutanix sacked from VMUG The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 CEO ousted in AISA coup Telstra warns container ships off its subsea patch Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' Vic state property developer to sell off controversial FTTH network 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege The best upcoming PC games of 2017 Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Culture This AI scheduler is perfect for people who hate arranging meetings This AI scheduler is perfect for people who hate arranging meetings Singapore-based Mimetic.ai's Evie is an AI that understands natural language and helps you with the thankless chore of setting up meetings. Tech Culture by Aloysius Low January 17, 2017 9:09 PM PST @longadin Up Next Governments suck at social media, but you deserve some blame If arranging meetings have become a bothersome chore, Mimetic.ai's Evie could be just the thing. Evie, a virtual personal assistant, is capable of talking to the other party and scheduling the right meeting time convenient for both parties without your direct intervention. I found it ridiculously easy to use. After signing up on the Singapore-based firm's website, I was prompted to connect my calendar, either Google's or Office365, thereafter which I simply selected the time slots where I'd be available for meetings. After that, it's as simple as just cc-ing Evie in the email with the other party, and she then takes it from there by putting you into a bcc and chatting directly with the other person. Once a satisfactory time is confirmed, Evie will then drop you an email to check if it's fine with you. I even tried confusing it by using two email accounts with similar names and only ended up getting confused instead.Photo by Screenshot by Aloysius Low/CNET I tried fooling Evie by canceling and rearranging meetings, adding odd hours and ridiculous timings, but the AI was surprisingly nimble and managed to work around my roadblocks. Mimetic.ai says Evie uses natural language processing to decipher the words in your email and respond accordingly. "We've given Evie the shared context that we all carry around in our heads so she knows, for example, that lunch is typically around the noon hours. This ontological lexicon gives Evie the power to parse, interpret and reason from natural language the way we humans do, so your interaction with Evie feels entirely natural," explains Jin Hian Lee, Mimetic.ai's co-founder. Those curious to try out Evie can sign up for a free one month trial, after which it will cost $20 (about £16 or AU$26) a month. The paid version adds multiple calendar support, as well as personalized calendar invites. You can check it out here. Batteries Not Included: The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Culture Artificial intelligence Related Stories Patrick Stewart to play Poop? The legend says 'make it so' Obama: Chelsea Manning 'served a tough prison sentence' Japan makes it easier to use its high-tech toilets Go behind the scenes at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter Close   Discuss: This AI scheduler is perfect for people who... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Governments suck at social media, but you deserve some blame Battle of the CES robot baristas Several companies at CES 2017 had large robotic arms that could make coffee and tea. While all the robots drew crowds, which one was the best? by Patrick Holland 2:50 Slack gets threaded messages, Netflix killed it last quarter The tech stories everyone's talking about include Slack's addition of threaded messages, a rejuvenation of the Android One program and Netflix's impressive performance from October to December of 2016. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Cloud > Microsoft’s Nadella Warns Against ‘Hubris’ Amid AI Growth Microsoft’s Nadella Warns Against ‘Hubris’ Amid AI Growth Jan 17, 2017 Aaron Ricadela | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Bloomberg Advertisement (Bloomberg) -- Microsoft Corp. and its competitors should eschew artificial intelligence systems that replace people instead of maximizing their time, Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella said in an interview Monday. "The fundamental need of every person is to be able to use their time more effectively, not to say, ‘let us replace you’," Nadella said in an interview at the DLD conference in Munich. "This year and the next will be the key to democratizing AI. The most exciting thing to me is not just our own promise of AI as exhibited by these products, but to take that capability and put it in the hands of every developer and every organization." Nadella is pushing Microsoft into consumer and industrial applications of software that can make inferences about its environment. He cautioned his own company and competitors about "parlor tricks" that show AI’s power without preserving workers’ dignity. The 49-year-old who’s entering his fourth year as Microsoft’s CEO after succeeding Steve Ballmer in 2014, has presided over a 73 percent run-up in Microsoft’s shares and Azure cloud-computing revenue that’s been doubling year over year. He’s compelled Microsoft’s product groups to cooperate to ship products faster and has greatly expanded Microsoft software available on platforms other than Windows, including those from Apple Inc. and Google. Microsoft last month closed its $26 billion acquisition of LinkedIn Corp. "There’s a thin line between hubris and confidence," Nadella said. "Always there is risk of hubris coming back, missing trends. The only long-term indicator of success is, ‘how good is your internal culture?’" "What I’ve learned if anything in three years as CEO is, it’s not about celebrating one product," he said. "That, to me, is the sign of a company that’s built to last. In tech it’s even more harsh." TABLETS, WATCHES Microsoft suffered for a decade from a tendency to make stabs at technology it failed to propagate widely that ended up benefiting other companies -- mainly Apple. It developed tablet PCs, pocket computers and smartwatches in the early 2000s, and was selling software for cars in the 1990s.  "Because of Microsoft’s technical orientation, engineers have always wanted to stuff more and more features and tricks into the products," said Michael Cusumano, a professor of management at MIT Sloan School of Management who’s written three books about Microsoft and its leaders. "The products ended up becoming huge. That’s what slowed them down." On the AI frontier, Japan Airlines Co. is using Microsoft-developed holographic capabilities to simulate aircraft engines for training of repair technicians and to avoid costs of sending full repair crews to each broken plane. McDonald’s Corp. used Microsoft technology to develop an automated order-taking system that compensates for noise encountered during orders at a drive-through. Microsoft has also designed software that can protect staff who work in environments surrounded by robots. Microsoft last Friday said it acquired Maluuba, a Montreal-based AI startup specializing in analyzing written content, for example sifting through businesses’ documents to find experts in given fields. Yet Amazon.com Inc.’s Web Services division has been rapidly releasing AI services for businesses including the ability for developers to build spoken conversation support and speech translation. Alphabet Inc.’s Google last year rebuilt its Translate service using neural networks to improve accuracy and produce language that sounds more like what a native speaker would say, and has made strides in image recognition, music and art. "They’re all great advances," said Nadella, who’s reorganized the company’s research arm around AI and shipped products including Azure cloud-computing services and tools for developers to build applications for artificial intelligence applications. "We should be competitive there and we should be pushing there and we will be doing that," he said. "But what’s Microsoft’s unique contribution beyond doing that is democratizing the access to the same tools that we use for ourselves so that every developer can use them to create their own intelligence," he said. CLOUD CONCERNS As Nadella and other tech leaders head to the Davos elite gathering in Switzerland this week, cloud-computing’s relationship with data privacy in Europe is also top of mind for Microsoft and its competitors. European businesses and governments could be reluctant to store data in clouds operated by American tech companies if the U.S. government can order access to it, and Microsoft has sued the U.S. Department of Justice in two cases over the issue.Nadella said having data centers in Germany operated by Deutsche Telekom AG has "helped build trust with the German customers." The incoming Trump administration, European Union and China together need to weigh issues including the balance between security and data privacy, the CEO said. "We have business in each one of these countries," Nadella said. "These countries are going to have to work together and there are rightful concerns each one of these constituents has." Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Microsoft Ignite: Satya Nadella Outlines the Democratization of AI Microsoft to Release Translator App in AI Race Against Google Microsoft Creates New AI Research Group as Qi Lu Leaves Company Microsoft Acquires UK Based SwiftKey Microsoft Starts New Venture Fund With Investment in Bengio's Element AI Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Computer Accessories Networking Linksys Velop Whole Home Wi-Fi System Prev Next Next Prev Next 1 of 4 Linksys Velop Whole Home Wi-Fi System Photo by: Dong Ngo Photo by: Dong Ngo Photo by: Dong Ngo Each Velop unit is a powerful AC2200 router that has two auto-sensing (LAN/WAN) network ports. Photo by: Dong Ngo/CNET CNET ON CARS Want to see the future of car technology? Brian Cooley found it for you at CES 2017 in Las Vegas and the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. SHOW ME NOW Hot Products Amazon Echo The connected home experience you didn't know you wanted $179.99 Apple iPhone 7 Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack $649.00 Samsung Galaxy S7 Nailed it $424.99
Skip to main content Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters South China Morning Post Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading German spotlight: Berlin Offers Opportunity and Frankfurt, Stability  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business Invest in Overseas Properties Brought to you by JLL Invest in Overseas Properties Market Updates German spotlight: Berlin Offers Opportunity and Frankfurt, Stability PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 18 January, 2017, 11:30am UPDATED : Wednesday, 18 January, 2017, 11:30am Comments:   JLL Share PrintEmail Related topics Invest in Overseas Properties Related Articles Business Strategic Capital unveils ultra-luxury residential project 18 Jan 2017 Business Shakespeare’s Shoreditch and the Taming of the Property Investment Market 18 Jan 2017 [Sponsored Article] When considering Berlin property, affordability springs to mind – homes are a fraction of the price compared to London and Paris. First time buyers and investors – who may feel intimidated by prices in first-tier cities, but still want a foothold in Europe – are looking to the German capital, where there is good investment potential. These are exciting times for Berlin. Formerly run-down neighbourhoods have been transformed into fashionable, hip hangouts. Infrastructure development is rolling out, from a new international airport with connections to the Berlin S-Bahn and the wider regional and national railway grid, to new international hotels and retail sites rising up around the city. A large regeneration area directly behind the central train station will bring Berlin another centre of commerce, with integrated retail sites and mid- to high-end residential properties. The city has been witnessing an emerging start-up scene and IT sector, with the likes of Facebook, Expedia, Google, Amazon and Tesla entering the market. Global tech investor Klaus Hommels, whose investments include Facebook, has ploughed €1 million into the ‘Factory Berlin’ technology club that houses SoundCloud, Twitter and Uber among other tenants. "I’m investing in Factory Berlin because I’m committed to the tremendous potential of the Berlin tech ecosystem, and I believe Factory is lifting this potential by creating a powerful community for both the new and old economy," said Hommels in a 2015 press release. “When you have affordable real estate, good quality of life and an attractive atmosphere for young, dynamic talent, and then add in a new international airport and other revamped infrastructure, you start reaching a tipping point,” asserts Mark Elliott, Associate Director with JLL’s International Residential Property Services team. “Eventually property prices are going to start catching up with London.” According to Elliott, property prices in Germany can come in at one-tenth of the price of properties in London. The price difference is even more impressive when comparing a one-bedroom apartment for €118,000 (£100,000) in the Mitte—the centre of Berlin—to a 1-bed in London’s Mayfair in Knightsbridge valued at €2.36 million (£2 million). The absence of new high-end developments in Berlin over the past decade has resulted in pent-up rental demand. This has pushed up rents in the city by 3.9% per annum over the past five years, versus 2.4% growth in the international finance centre of Frankfurt. Meanwhile, mortgage interest rates have remained at record low levels of below 2% in real terms after adjustment for inflation. For those carefully considering these yields, Berlin is definitely a mid- to longer term investment. Elliott warns that it’s not a “buy now and flip in six months” market like Singapore, but he does see the coming months as an opportune time to buy in Berlin, before the new airport is targeted to open in 2018 and more economic migrants flock in. The city’s population rose by 47,000 in 2015, mainly due to the inward migration of younger people to the capital. “If you want an instantaneous rent return, and potential aggressive future growth, look at Berlin. Berlin is the next opportunity. Frankfurt is the next stable market,” says Elliott, who points out that property prices in Frankfurt are around the €354,000 (£300,000) mark. Considering Frankfurt already has an international airport, well developed infrastructure and a large number of world banks, as it is home to the European Central Bank, there is less room for continued upwards growth. “Frankfurt’s properties aren’t going to increase to €709,000 (£600,000), whereas Berlin’s prices will go up to €354,000 (£300,000) or €472,000 (£400,000). That means you can triple the value of your investment over time,” concludes Elliot. “Frankfurt offers sustainable growth versus Berlin’s aggressive growth.” Want to learn more? Please contact JLL International Properties at +852 3759 0909/ Email: irp.hk@ap.jll.com or click here.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Li Ka-shing looks abroad as mainland developers move in 2 HSBC feels lower bank profitability here to stay 3 UK Brexit plans welcome, but banks plan to move out of London 4 Concern that more US-backed tech firms to retrench in China 5 China market ‘not top priority’ as foreign firms’ pessimism grows Shared 1 Li Ka-shing looks abroad as mainland developers move in 2 Is China’s bitcoin market a ticking time bomb? 3 UK Brexit plans welcome, but banks plan to move out of London 4 Fosun Pharma pivots towards cancer diagnosis, treatment 5 Cathay Pacific to reassign jobs, review business Commented 1 Trump right to question one-China policy, says ex-US security adviser 2 US Congress to introduce Hong Kong human rights act 3 Globalisation not to blame for world’s woes, Xi tells Davos 4 Anson Chan hard to Trump on hypocrisy 5 ‘Don’t ask us to quit’: Regina Ip stands firm on top job candidacy Promotions SCMP invites you to The World Of Tim Burton Exhibition! Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China How will Trump play his hand against China? 17 Jan 2017 - 10:06pm 27 Design icons attain special place in our hearts In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Matthew Cheung’s rise from information officer to chief secretary 16 Jan 2017 - 11:42pm 3 German spotlight: Berlin Offers Opportunity and Frankfurt, Stability Brought to you by JLL Geopolitics Why President Trump is bad for freedom ... in Malaysia 15 Jan 2017 - 10:01am 2 Hong Kong How a tiny orphan boy hoping for adoption beat medical odds 16 Jan 2017 - 11:09am Insight & Opinion No surprise Singapore’s relations with China have changed 13 Jan 2017 - 8:12pm 39 Politics Note ban turns Reserve Bank of India into a joke 15 Jan 2017 - 1:02pm 3 China Tillerson: deny Beijing access to South China Sea islands 12 Jan 2017 - 6:43pm 58 Insight & Opinion Is Hong Kong’s air quality index failing to warn of deadly hazard? 13 Jan 2017 - 9:53am 10 Offbeat Smashing fun: inside Hong Kong's adrenaline-filled pro-wrestling scene Jan 13th 2017, 8:44pm 1 World Forceful and tearful, Obama says goodbye in emotional speech 11 Jan 2017 - 10:41pm 17 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion Regardileaks scoop: Obama to nationalize Internet gambling Bill Regardie Founder, Regardie's Magazine 8:54 AM 07/30/2010      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 1358469 Two RegardiLeaks sources deep inside the White House have revealed that a secret task force has all but finished final plans for legislation nationalizing internet gambling. The annual income from “the 10% vig,” oops, tax — estimated to be close to $1 trillion by the end of President Barack Obama’s second term — would nearly wipe out the current budget deficit. State and local casino and lottery operations would not affected by the new national legislation. Code named “You Bet Your Ass,” the concept was conceived in a late night drinking and strategy session in May when it seemed obvious to the president’s senior advisors that a second dip of the economy was all but inevitable. As the fifth fifth of Talisker scotch — the current beverage of choice in Washington — was passed around the table, the always mild-mannered chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, slurred the battle cry of the forthcoming campaign: “I’ll give you 10:1 odds that we kick the shit out of those MF’s in 2012.” At that moment, Moshe Peddler, the senior partner of Peddler and Marconi Communications and the president’s outside media maven, felt he had been hit by a thunderbolt. Nevertheless, it took him all night to put the pieces together: that “10:1 odds” phrase, combined with a lifetime of peddling crap, meant federal control and the “taxing” of online gambling. A quick Google search revealed that it was already legal in some major European countries. Internet gambling was coming. The only question was who would control it: the casino operators or Uncle Sam? Today, the Democrats had control of Congress and maybe they could ram it through. After the elections, who knew? Using $200,000 of his company’s political slush funds, Peddler went right to work: grassroots call-ins the next morning to 2,500 radio stations, followed up by in-depth research. That evening, 3,547 land line and cell phone surveys were conducted on two key issues: First, 73% wanted internet gambling; and, second, the public didn’t give a damn who controlled it, as long as they got to play an honest game of Texas Hold? Em. The next morning, Moshe, Rahm and the President sat down for a super secret meeting. Everyone else was banished. Even the secret recording system was shut down. In five minutes, Moshe presented his plan, his research, the preliminary numbers from the budget office and his findings. The chief of staff was so happy he danced on nine fingers. Maybe he would stay the full term after all. The president was another story. Obviously, he’d piss off the religious right and the casino owners. But they were leaning GOP anyway. If Peddler’s numbers were right, he’d come close to wiping out the budget deficit. He figured that plus health care might make him the fifth face on Mt. Rushmore. Peddler read his boss’ face. He was the best closer on the planet, and went in for the kill like Tyson in his prime. “Mr. President, did you know that England and France have already legalized Internet gambling? Denmark has finished its legislation and Germany, Switzerland and Spain are goose-stepping to be next in line. We either try to regulate and tax it, or people are going to go to the offshore operators, where you don’t get any revenue.” The president was sold. “Rahm,” said the now beaming Obama, “alert all the cable and networks for a major address for Sunday at nine. And make sure those budget numbers are right. “Finally, we need a slogan. Something like: Game On.” Bill Regardie was the founder and publisher of Regardie’s Magazine. Tags: Barack Obama, Congress, Denmark, France, Gambling, Germany, Rahm Emanuel, Republican Party, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Washington, Washington, United States, White House Hide Comments   Show 1362 comments Goodbye To the Daily Caller 2:54 PM 01/12/2017 Trumpian Leadership: For The First Time In A Long Time, Republicans Fall In Line 12:59 PM 01/04/2017 LGBT Activists Hold Dance Party Outside Pence’s Temporary DC Home 9:01 AM 01/19/2017 Socialist College Students Plan Walkout On Inauguration Day For Some Reason 5:29 PM 01/18/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Login / Register My Account Edit My Profile Email Preferences Manage Packs ePaper Log Out Thursday, January 19th 2017 Facebook Twitter Family Announcements Jobs Digital Edition Shop Photos Book Your Ad Courier Travel Public Notices Submit News Brexit Dundee Angus & The Mearns Perth & Kinross Fife Politics Scotland Photo galleries Supplements Sport Dundee FC Dundee United St Johnstone Football Golf Rugby Tennis Other sports Business News Farming Comment Profiles Opinion Readers’ letters Alex Bell Jenny Hjul From the Newsroom Lifestyle Entertainment Food & Drink House & Home Motoring Outdoors Subscribe All Sections Navigation Site Search Submit Sections News Brexit Dundee Angus & The Mearns Fife Perth & Kinross Politics Scotland UK & World Obituaries Sport Dundee FC Dundee United St Johnstone More football Jim Spence Rab Douglas Golf Rugby Tennis Other sports Lifestyle Entertainment Food & Drink House & Home Motoring Outdoors Business News Comment Profiles Farming Equestrian Opinion Readers’ letters Talking Politics Alex Bell Jenny Hjul Jim Crumley Robert McNeil Jim Spence Rab Douglas More Subscribe Competitions Impact 100 Minibus Oor Wullie Bucket Trail auction Courier Business Awards 2016 Submit your letter to the editor Supplements Join our reader panel Services Subscribe Digital Edition Book Your Ad Contact us Shop Scot Ads Jobs Family Announcements Photos Courier Travel Public Notices Acceptable Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Terms and Conditions © DC Thomson Co Ltd 2017. All Rights Reserved. Home / News / UK & World / People with mental health issues have suffered in silence for too long – William People with mental health issues have suffered in silence for too long – William by Press Association January 17 2017, 8.07amUpdated: January 18 2017, 12.23am Facebook Twitter Email Next Post The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry have spoken out against the “keep quiet and carry on” culture surrounding mental health as they encouraged people to talk about their psychological problems. William, Kate and Harry launched the next phase of their Heads Together mental health campaign by urging the nation to start a conversation with a friend, relative or stranger if they have a problem. Speaking at a gathering of Heads Together supporters, partners and interested organisations in central London, the Duke said: “There are times when, whoever we are, it is hard to cope with challenges – and when that happens, being open and honest and asking for help is life-changing. “Talking to someone else is a positive and confident step to take – but for too long it has been a case of ‘keep quiet and carry on’. As a result, too many people have suffered in silence for too long, and the effects of this can be devastating. “The three of us are really optimistic that things are changing. We believe that 2017 can mark a tipping point for mental health – a moment when more and more people no longer feel they have to bear the weight alone for fear of judgment.” The royal trio spearhead Heads Together, an umbrella group of eight leading mental health organisations, which is the charity of the year for the 2017 London Marathon. William pledged to run the 26-mile race not in the UK but in Africa when he chatted to Good Morning Britain presenter Sean Fletcher, who will be taking on the challenge in London, but the broadcaster said Kate was a little sceptical. Fletcher was among the invited guests who also included rapper Professor Green, real name Stephen Manderson, who has made programmes about the issue of mental health, Heads Together supporter and former England footballer Rio Ferdinand and representatives from companies like Facebook, Google and Royal Mail. The broadcaster, who decided to run the gruelling race for Heads Together charity partner YoungMinds after his 13-year-old son was diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder, said of the Duke: “He said he will run a marathon sometime in Kenya. “When I spoke to Kate she said she’d believe the Kenya marathon when she sees it.” William, Kate and Harry all spoke at the event held at the Institute of Contemporary Arts, which overlooks The Mall where the London Marathon will finish. The Duchess, who wore an outfit by Erdem, outlined the next phase of the royal trio’s mental health campaign to get people to open up about their issues. She said: “What Heads Together is proposing is that in the weeks leading up to the Marathon, our campaign will showcase people from all walks of life, talking about the life-changing conversations that have helped them with their mental health challenges. “We hope that these real-life examples will serve as encouragement to others to do the same. “If we succeed with this, we will have taken a powerful step in normalising mental health as an issue in our society, thinking about it as we do our own physical health.” Harry praised the large number of people who be taking part in the marathon in support of their campaign on April 23. He said: “Over 500 people will be running for Heads Together, leading from the front – well perhaps not right at the front – raising funds for the vital services provided by our charity partners. These runners will also be leading by example by starting conversations on mental health with their families, friends and colleagues. “It has been unbelievably encouraging to see that attitudes towards mental health across the country are beginning to change. In the past, the phrase ‘mental health’ would be translated to mental illness. But thankfully that is changing.” Former England and Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand was a guest at a Heads Together barbecue last summer when Harry told him he had not talked about the death of his mother Diana, Princess of Wales, “for the first 28 years of my life”. Father-of-three Ferdinand, whose wife, Rebecca Ellison, died from cancer in 2015, gave a short speech during the event, telling those invited how during his career opening up about problems was frowned upon. He said: “I remember the days we would never discuss this kind of stuff in a football changing-room. To come in and show a sign of weakness was impossible to do.” He said afterwards: “This is a fantastic cause, a very worthwhile initiative that I’m more than delighted to be a part of. “Speaking to Harry at length more than anyone else, he understands through experience how important it is to speak and he held a lot in over the years, and he’d like to see that change in the mindset of the general public.” Professor Green, whose father took his own life, made a successful 2015 documentary Professor Green: Suicide And Me, which highlighted the high rate of male suicide in the UK. He said: “Mental health is something I’ve always been affected by since I was a child, I’ve always suffered with anxiety.” He added: “We see being sad, or feeling scared or feeling any kind of weakness or vulnerability, as a vulnerability. When, in fact, there’s a real strength to be taken from being honest about how you feel at any given time. “There’s a real misconception, people think being hard is being strong, but it’s not, it’s quite often the opposite.” Channel 5 news presenter Sian Williams will be running the London Marathon for Heads Together, and at the event she said: “The amount of passion the royals have for this cause is really impressive. “They have researched it, they have personal experience because of the jobs they do – William taking about his role in air ambulance and Harry and his role in the military. “You get a very keen sense it’s something they have been aware of for a very long time and they feel as though they can help get the talking going.” Tags: Cambridge Kate marathon mental health Prince Harry william World Mental Health Day Related Content Prince George opening Christmas presents early, says William William reveals he was 'very angry' when his mother Diana died in car crash 29% of Scots have faced mental health problems, survey finds Blue Monday trivialises mental health problems, say charities Most read today footballBus driver who took his life following Dundee city centre crash posthumously cleared of any wrongdoing local“Now I’m raging” — LinkedIn ban for “swearygate” Perthshire shed-maker localVideo: Dundee man turns Sri Lankan street dog into yoga star localSkeleton needs to bone up on parking rules after council surrounds hearse with bollards localPerthshire shed-maker’s swear-filled post lights up “boring” LinkedIn localFMQs: Sturgeon challenged over closure of NHS Tayside mental health unit politicsSwimming pool sold off to Montrose cinema group for £1 localFuture of Dundee United loan attacker Cammy Smith up in the air footballDundee striker Marcus Haber signs new deal footballEXCLUSIVE: Stevie Campbell on nurturing next generation of Scottish football talent Take Our Poll Latest Top Stories Mark Warburton understands Michael O’Halloran’s frustration at RangersJanuary 19 2017 VIDEO: British Divers Marine Life Rescue check health of whale spotted in the ForthJanuary 19 2017 First Minister asked for rape victim assurances after David Goodwillie and David Robertson rulingJanuary 19 2017 Future of Dundee United loan attacker Cammy Smith up in the airJanuary 19 2017 Little Mix tickets to go on sale on FridayJanuary 19 2017 Latest Videos VIDEO: British Divers Marine Life Rescue check health of whale spotted in the ForthJanuary 19 2017 FMQs: Sturgeon challenged over closure of NHS Tayside mental health unitJanuary 19 2017 Scottish Parliament launches Facebook Live trial for FMQs coverageJanuary 19 2017 James Yorkston returns Tae Sup Wi’ A Fifer to the Adam SmithJanuary 19 2017 Jocky Wilson stage play will “neither demonise or over-romanticise”January 19 2017 Editors' Picks Dundee Dundee Bus driver who took his life following Dundee city centre crash posthumously cleared of any wrongdoing January 19 2017, 10.41amUpdated: January 19 2017, 11.10am Dundee Dundee Pulling Urban Myths show from Sky Arts sets ‘worrying precedent’, warns Bob Servant writer January 19 2017, 8.11amUpdated: January 18 2017, 2.12pm Dundee Dundee Skeleton needs to bone up on parking rules after council surrounds hearse with bollards January 19 2017, 6.00amUpdated: January 19 2017, 7.19am Dundee Dundee Mike Towell’s former coach using his experience of depression to help fight mental illness January 18 2017, 9.54amUpdated: January 18 2017, 10.18am Fife Fife New £600m Dunfermline development could create 7,000 jobs January 18 2017, 6.29amUpdated: January 18 2017, 12.25pm Perth & Kinross Perth & Kinross “Now I’m raging” — LinkedIn ban for “swearygate” Perthshire shed-maker January 17 2017, 10.41pmUpdated: January 18 2017, 11.49am People with mental health issues have suffered in silence for too long – William Facebook Twitter Email Next Post Facebook Twitter Terms and Conditions Follow The Courier Contact us Acceptable Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Subscribe Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions The Sunday Post The Evening Telegraph The Press & Journal The Evening Express © DC Thomson Co Ltd 2017. All Rights Reserved. Breaking: Your Name Your Email Email you wish to send this Post to Send Email Cancel Sign up for our newsletter Fill in the form to sign up for the Courier newsletter Tick here if want to receive the Courier newsletter plus selected offers and promotions from Aberdeen Journals Ltd. Tick here if you are happy to receive other great offers from our Group companies and partners SUBMIT   CANCEL Thank you. You have been successfully subscribed to our newsletter. Close
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News China Says App Stores Must Register With State  Agence France-Presse, 18 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit App stores in China must register with the state from Monday, a government statement said, as China tightens its control over the Internet. App stores are "not strict" when they examine and approve apps, the China Cyberspace Administration, the country's internet watchdog, said in a statement. Lax standards have led to the "frequent appearance of apps that spread illegal information, encroach on users' rights and contain security hazards," it added in the statement issued last week. China's ruling Communist party oversees a vast censorship apparatus designed to censor online content deemed politically sensitive, while blocking some Western websites and the services of Internet giants including Facebook, Twitter and Google. It passed a controversial cyber-security bill in November, tightening restrictions on online freedom of speech and imposing new rules on online service providers. The clampdown on app stores came just after Apple removed the New York Times from its China app store, stating that it was in violation of local regulations. In the absence of Google Play, which is blocked, China is home to a variety of different Android app stores, though the landscape is mostly dominated by Internet giants Baidu, Tencent, and Alibaba. The first two companies control nearly half the Android app stores run in the country as of the third quarter of last year, according to a report from consulting firm Analysys. Internet legal expert You Yunting of DeBund Law Offices told AFP the move "definitely has a political agenda", but as Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent were already managed by the internet watchdog, the impact "won't be too big". Tags: App Store, Google Play, Apps, iOS, Android, China Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Testifies in Oculus-ZeniMax Trial Over VR Tech HP Enterprise Buys US Data Management Firm SimpliVity for $650 Million China Says App Stores Must Register With State     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Lava A55 Lava A50 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye LG X300 Micromax Vdeo 4 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Gadgets 360 Hindi शाओमी रेडमी नोट 4 भारत में लॉन्च, जानें कीमत वीवो वी5 प्लस व वी5 लाइट स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च, जानें इनके बारे में यह है रिलायंस जियो का 1,500 रुपये वाला 4जी वीओएलटीई फ़ीचर फोन? Latest Videos 02:15 Coolpad Mega 3 Triple-SIM Smartphone Review 03:00 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy S8 Price Tipped, India Surpasses US on Play Store, and More 01:18 How to Get Free Windows 10 Upgrade, Even Now 03:00 360 Daily: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Coming this Thursday, Amazon Great Indian Sale Returns and More 04:30 15 Applications Every Mac Should Have More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane In The Real World, Your Battery Life Mileage Will Always Vary Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent LG's Foldable Smartphone Design Tipped in Recent Patent Leica Launches M10 Full-Frame Camera at $6,495 Google Pixel, Pixel XL to Receive Update to Fix New Volume Bug Windows 10 Ebook Store Leaked in Images, Tipped to Launch in April Now There Are More Ways to Search Locations in the Waze App Mozilla Reveals a New Logo Alongside Major Redesign Watch Dogs 2 Gets a Limited-Time Free Trial on PS4, Xbox One iPhone 8 Tipped to Sport 'Wraparound' OLED Display, Facial Recognition Fujifilm GFX 50S Medium Format Camera Goes on Sale in February Aadhaar-Based Digital Payments to Be Introduced Soon, Says Prasad More News TRENDING Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Review Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) vs. Lenovo K6 Note Nokia Android Phone Flagship With 6GB of RAM Tipped to Launch at MWC 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 With 4GB of RAM, Snapdragon 625 SoC Launched in India Samsung Galaxy S8 Display Tipped to Sport Narrow Bezels, Rounded Edge Vivo V5 Plus, V5 Lite Selfie-Focused Smartphones Launched Redmi Note 4 on Flipkart, Jio Subscribers, and More: Your 360 Daily Is This Reliance Jio's Budget 4G VoLTE-Enabled Feature Phone? Amazon Great Indian Sale Returns, 3-Day Festival Begins Friday Indian Government Wants Apple, but Not All Officials Are Biting Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development TechnologySecurity ET Home›Small Biz›Security-Tech›Technology 04:05 PM | 19 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,30950.96 NIFTY 50 8,43518.10 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,490-301.00 USD/INR 68.130.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end marginally higher; GAIL rallies 6% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW India zips past US to become top market for Google's Play Store By PTI | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 08.48 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » US | Play Store | New Delhi | Market | IOS | India | Google India’s app market grew massively outpacing the US to surpass it as the #1 country by Google Play downloads, from around 3.5 billion downloads in 2015 to over 6 billion downloads in 2016, said the report. Budget 2017: Can Arun Jaitley make you & economy happy? Click for our special Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: India zipped past the US to become the top country that registered 6 billion downloads from Google’s Play Store in 2016, according to analytics firm App Annie. “India’s app market grew massively outpacing the US to surpass it as the #1 country by Google Play downloads, from around 3.5 billion downloads in 2015 to over 6 billion downloads in 2016,” App Annie said in a report. App downloads grew by 15% worldwide across iOS and Google Play, with total time spent in apps increasing by 25%, it added. In 2016, publishers were paid over $35 billion in revenue across the iOS App Store and Google Play. When including in-app advertising, app store revenue and third-party Android stores in 2016, publishers made over $89 billion in revenue. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Highest paid Bollywood actresses in 2016 BOLLYWOODUNION Help this father stay alive for 1-yr-old son! Milaap Prelaunch Lodha Amara - Kolshet Thane 1,2&3 bhk @ Rs.58 lac+ Lodha Amara Thane MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Americans believe UN does more harm than good: Nikki Haley Infrastructure Getting India back on the path of innovation READ MORE ON » US | Play Store | New Delhi | Market | IOS | India | Google To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Amazon India's first big sale of the year starts tomorrow: Here's what you can expect Staggering tech challenge: GST's IT network will showcase how Modi Govt looks at systems innovation Swiggy cooks up a fresh menu with cloud kitchen in Bengaluru Uber plans to open new centre in Bengaluru to scale up operations in India Demand from Uber and Ola driving car sales More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Donald Trump Inauguration|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups market stats SENSEX NaN NIFTY 50 NaN GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) NaN USD/INR Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end marginally higher; GAIL rallies 6% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW EazyDiner plans to dig into online restaurant booking in Indonesia, Thailand By Biswarup Gooptu, ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 08.57 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » venture capital | Thailand | restaurant booking | Pune | people | Mumbai | markets Co-founded by media personality Vir Sanghvi, the two-year-old company has targeted Indonesia and Thailand as its next two markets. Budget 2017: Can Arun Jaitley make you & economy happy? Click for our special Budget 2017 coverage GURGAON: EazyDiner, a restaurant booking and reviews platform, is in talks with potential investors to raise a fresh round of funding to expand its international footprint in the New Year. The two-year-old company, which was co-founded by media personality Vir Sanghvi and six professionals with a background in food, beverages and hospitality sectors, has targeted Indonesia and Thailand as its next two markets. While company officials declined to share details of the upcoming equity financing round, they confirmed plans of entering the South East and South Asian markets over the next 12 months. EazyDiner launched services in Dubai in December. The startup, which combines the services of Google-owned dining guide Zagat, NYSE-listed restaurant review firm Yelp and Priceline-owned restaurant booking service OpenTable, is also backed by two consumer-focused venture capital firms, DSG Consumer Partners and Saama Capital. The funding and expansion come when investor interest in India’s broader foodtech space has waned, with the startup ecosystem littered with the still-smoking embers of ventures that promised to deliver exceptional dining experiences to the notoriously fickle-minded and priceconscious Indian consumer. The combination of wafer-thin margins on offer, coupled with low entry barriers and lack of sustainable business models, saw investors curtail their appetite for the ventures. EazyDiner has charted a different path for itself. The platform, which also provides content and reviews, operates one of the country’s largest dining loyalty programmes as well. “We were never, and in fact, will never get into food delivery. The economics just don’t make sense, at least in a market like India…We believe it requires a very different skill-set,” pointed out Aman Kapur, one of the cofounders. EazyDiner has raised about $4 million in funding till date and counts Gurpreet Kohli, former managing director of Chrys Capital, as one of its early backers. The company operates in seven locations – the National Capital Region, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Kolkata, Pune, Chennai and Goa. “The focus is to go deeper into our existing markets and really establish our footprints in each of them rather than just go on an unrestrained growth across geographies,” pointed out Shruti Kaul, another cofounder. The platform lists about 2,000 restaurants, with more than 500 spread across NCR. EazyDiner has provided most establishments with its proprietary SaaS-based table reservation platform and has a guaranteed inventory with the rest, enabling them to provide bookings to consumers on an immediate basis. Gurgaon, where the company is headquartered and where it first launched operations, has played a critical role. The NCR’s startup hub, which rivals Bengaluru in its concentration of the country’s new economy ventures, has played a significant part in its growth. “Gurgaon, possibly, deserves its own mention alongside Mumbai and Delhi. It’s the third-largest contributor after the two metros,” said Kaul. According to her, Gurgaon contributes 15% of the company’s business across the country, outpacing Bengaluru. “For a small suburb, it’s huge. We have about 275 restaurants in Gurgaon on our platform, ranging from luxury establishments to budget restaurants,” Kapur said. According to both founders, emergence of the Haryana city as a startup destination has played a role in defining, as well as evolving, consumer behaviour, particularly when it comes to dining habits. “The ability to experiment there is phenomenal and probably much more than the other metros… We also see that people living to working in Gurgaon, while traveling, indulge in a lot more cross-dining than any other city in India,” Kaul said. Analyses drawn from consumer behaviour in one of its earliest markets has prompted the founders to look for similar characteristics in every new area it enters. “We’ve actually learned alongside the consumer and the company’s grown even as the consumer has evolved and experimented,” Kapur said. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Highest paid Bollywood actresses in 2016 BOLLYWOODUNION Help this father stay alive for 1-yr-old son! Milaap Prelaunch Lodha Amara - Kolshet Thane 1,2&3 bhk @ Rs.58 lac+ Lodha Amara Thane MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Americans believe UN does more harm than good: Nikki Haley Infrastructure Getting India back on the path of innovation READ MORE ON » venture capital | Thailand | restaurant booking | Pune | people | Mumbai | markets To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Amazon India's first big sale of the year starts tomorrow: Here's what you can expect Staggering tech challenge: GST's IT network will showcase how Modi Govt looks at systems innovation Swiggy cooks up a fresh menu with cloud kitchen in Bengaluru Uber plans to open new centre in Bengaluru to scale up operations in India Demand from Uber and Ola driving car sales More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Donald Trump Inauguration|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Daniel Yomtobian - Introduces Forward-Thinking Businesses To High-Impact Contextual Advertising   View as PDF  Print View    For companies of all sizes, contextual advertising opens up previously unknown advertising alternatives that can be considerably cheaper than traditional options. LOS ANGELES, CA - January 17, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- For many years, ad content has pushed online advertising, however the tendency seems to have changed lately placing context at the forefront of every company's marketing and brand development strategies - specifically drawing upon who is looking at the content surrounding it and why. With the increasing availability of continuously advancing advertising technology, brands can now better segment their audiences in real time based on their browsing interests. This allows them to deliver highly personalized "contextual" advertising messages through banner and text ads. For companies of all sizes, contextual advertising opens up previously unknown advertising alternatives that can be considerably cheaper than traditional options. Daniel Yomtobian, the CEO and owner of Advertise.com, recognized the need for affordable advertisement solutions and consequently developed a unique contextual advertising platform. Using the same text ad format as major search engines like Google, Yahoo, and Bing, Advertise.com delivers contextual traffic on a cost-per-click basis from premium websites and publishers that offer a variety of ad delivery mechanisms (including intext, content, mobile, toolbar, domain parking, interstitials, email, search, and retargeting). The ads are delivered instantly based on the subject matter of the website that the user is browsing, helping improve the relevance of these ads for users, and the performance of the ads for brands. While contextual advertising does not replace search advertising altogether, it is a powerful addition to any online advertising portfolio. Advertise.com is dedicated to helping companies deliver high-impact advertising campaigns for less than they would pay through major search engines and other advertising mediums. The Advertise.com Keyword Marketplace allows advertising brands to access thousands of search and content-based publishers through a single, user-friendly interface--and then bid on the most popular keywords to deliver contextual ads to their target audience. And thanks to the company's patented ClickShield� technology, every ad is monitored around the clock to ensure only the highest quality site visitors. Advertise.com was originally founded in 2001 as ABCSearch.com by Daniel Yomtobian, and then rebranded in 2009 as Advertise.com. The company has since grown into the world's largest privately held keyword pay-per-click (PPC) network. Yomtobian is proud of his company's success: "We launched Advertise.com to provide advertisers and publishers a new value proposition--effective, affordable, and easy-to-use advertising campaigns all under one roof." From his early start as a web designer and Internet marketer, Daniel Yomtobian has helped thousands of businesses drive more visitors to their websites. Prior to founding Advertise.com, he launched the online media and advertising company, WayInternet, as well as the search engine, Findology. Today, Daniel is considered a pioneer in the online advertising industry and was recently described by C-Suite Quarterly as a "...young leader [who] will continue to play an important role in shaping the online world of tomorrow". Daniel Yomtobian - Ernst Entrepreneur of Online Advertising: http://www.DanielYomtobianInfo.com Our Team - Advertise.com: http://www.advertise.com/our-team/ Daniel Yomtobian - CEO & Founder @ Advertise.com - crunchbase: https://www.crunchbase.com/person/daniel-yomtobian Contact Info: Name: DYI Email: daniel@danielyomtobianinfo.com Organization: DanielYomtobianInfo.com Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2fvpsHCFg0%20 Source: http://marketersmedia.com/daniel-yomtobian-introduces-forward-thinking-businesses-to-high-impact-contextual-advertising/162264 For more information, please visit http://www.DanielYomtobianInfo.com Release ID: 162264 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Chiropractic Memphis Launches New Website educating alternatives to Pain Rellef (Thu 19th Jan 17) Hoverboard Swagtron T1 Safest In The World & Justin Bieber Riding Video Launched (Thu 19th Jan 17) Los Angeles Tree Surgeon Removal Trimming Branches For Access LA Site Launched (Thu 19th Jan 17) IntelliTrack Upgrades Locally Installed Inventory Management Software (Thu 19th Jan 17) Seattle Court Reporters Announce Cheesecake Giveaway For NALS of WA Members (Thu 19th Jan 17) Hail Hydrate: Maple Holistics Releases New Hydrate Shampoo For Dry Scalp (Thu 19th Jan 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
  Caracas, Thursday January 19,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Science, Nature & Technology AI Pioneer Geoffrey Hinton Awarded for Promoting Deep Learning in Machines MADRID  Artificial Intelligence pioneer and researcher Geoffrey Hinton received an award in Madrid on Tuesday for his groundbreaking work in the field of deep learning. Hinton was presented with the BBVA Foundations Frontiers of Knowledge Award in the Information and Communication Technologies category. Hinton, a professor of computer science at the University of Toronto, and  since 2013  a Distinguished Researcher at Google, won the award for his pioneering and highly influential work to endow machines with the ability to learn. The jury also commended the fact that this knowledge can be applied to provide machines with human-like capabilities in performing complex tasks, according to the statement. Three decades of research have enabled this British-Canadian to conclude that future machines will be able to do everything the human brain is capable of doing. Hinton has even defended the possibility that IT systems one day will be able to express emotions. During a video-conference after the awards announcement, which comes with a 400,000-euro ($424,000) prize, Hinton explained his work and hinted how far machines could advance in the future, although he insisted that the best machine is the brain. He spoke on the authority of his research as he attempted to understand how the human brain functioned and to apply said knowledge into developing machines capable of learning by themselves. In neural networks, he pointed out, you do not program the computer with knowledge, you succeed in making the machine learn from its experience. Just like our brain, these networks try to process the information in a distributed manner (through layers of artificial neurons) and learn from the examples (data input), he added. The rise of neural networks, said Hinton, was due to three incentives: current IT power (a million times superior to what was available in the 1980s), the existence of unfathomable amounts of data feeding these algorithms and the technical advances that enabled these networks to accelerate and improve their learning curve. During the 70s, the AI field was full of hope, but that is no longer the case; we now talk about realities, Hinton said. Deep learning is already installed on your mobile phone: it is a reality that is not going to go away, he explained. Inspired by the workings of the human brain, Hinton has been able to develop artificial neural systems capable of processing large amounts of data and to self-learn how to classify and manage the information, the jury pointed out. His advances in machine learning and AI were based on the following premise, which left a significant mark on the development of IT applications: Which are the fundamentals of human learning and how can they be applied to machine learning? The neural networks are a set of AI systems capable of learning to understand complex realities and from there, providing immediate solutions with human-like capabilities. AI systems are behind some of the more successful algorithms of speech recognition, image editors and machine translators, said jury member Ramon Lopez de Mantaras, research professor at the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC) and head of its Artificial Intelligence Research Institute. Hintons work has decisively contributed to creating IT personal assistants such as Siri or Alexa, driverless vehicles (the neural networks assist the vehicle in detecting its surroundings) or medical machines that interpret medical imaging and diagnostics (Hinton has suggested that computers will be better than radiologists) and the IT development of new pharma. This is a technological advance that is bound to eliminate some jobs and create new ones, something that Hinton admits has always happened. Hinton also expressed his skepticism on the risk of AI turning against humanity, saying he believed we were very far away from AI being a real threat. Where Hinton did show some concern was on the possible military applications of intelligent machines, like deploying swarms of killer drones programmed to attack targets in war zones. That is a present danger which we must take very seriously, Hinton warned. We need a Geneva Convention to regulate the use of such autonomous weapons, he added.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 66,640 Olivia Munn reportedly at center of Aaron Rodgers' family feud 58,945 Bobby Shmurda's pal gets 130-year sentence, curses out judge 36,972 Advisers urge Trump to dance with Caitlyn Jenner at inauguration 33,845 Christie turned down Trump job over wife's concerns 28,103 Why Jorge Posada got wiped out of Hall of Fame voting 18,688 Strip club waitress vanishes after getting pulled over Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Silicon Valley fears FCC overhaul with Trump pulling strings By Claire Atkinson View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 17, 2017 | 10:24pm Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: fcc FCC clears Mexico's Televisa to hike its stake in Univision Controversial FCC boss to exit agency before term ends What the Trump administration could mean for digital privacy FCC floats replacement candidates for Tom Wheeler The Trump administration rolls into power on Friday and is expected to undertake a complete shake-up of the Federal Communications Commission. While the extent of reorganization of the agency is not yet known, it could very well change how Americans consume video entertainment and how much they pay for it. For starters, President-elect Donald Trump is expected to take away from the FCC its oversight of competition and consumer interests, according to a report. Those duties could be shifted to the Federal Trade Commission, which already regulates many antitrust issues in Washington, according to the report. Trump officials and transition team consultants met over the weekend to hammer out a new vision for the FCC, according to the report in the trade paper Multichannel News. The FCC has in past years handed some critical protections to Silicon Valley companies such as Netflix, Facebook and Google. It is unknown if those protections will end. While cable and telecom companies argue they’ve invested in building the backbone of the Web, it is tech firms that have pocketed billions of dollars in profits off of mobile internet traffic. Post composite Telecom and cable companies have been fighting to loosen rules governing how they charge for Web access. The senior Republican on the FCC, Commissioner Ajit Pai, 44, is widely expected to be named chairman. Trump officials and FCC transition team advisers want to make the communications regulator more in tune with the digital age. Some in Washington are fearful that this could spell the end of the department in charge of regulating TV, radio and satellite and cable companies, according to the report. John Bergmayer, senior counsel at consumer group Public Knowledge, warned that there are limits to how much change the Trump team can bring. “Some of it is up to the FCC, and some of it is not. More radical reform proposals? They’d require congressional action,” Bergmayer said. Several of the Trump transition team members including Jeffrey Eisenach, who was an adviser to Verizon, have spoken out against net neutrality rules championed by the FCC’s outgoing boss, Chairman Tom Wheeler. Under those rules, video providers must supply equal access to networks and can’t favor their own programming by exempting charges — a practice known as “zero-rating.” Bergmayer cites an example of a business practice that is against current net neutrality rules — if AT&T-owned DirecTVNow were to charge Netflix a big fee in order to include it in a “zero-rated” plan for AT&T wireless customers. Trump adviser Eisenach declined to comment on the discussions. “We’d like the FCC’s wins to stay in place, they’re good for consumers and Trump has a populist message that resonates,” said Bergmayer, wondering how such a change might play out. The addition of wireless entrepreneur Dave Morken to the FCC transition team a few weeks ago left some wondering if Trump will leave net neutrality in place. Morken is believed to be a supporter of the regulation. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under donald trump ,  fcc ,  net neutrality ,  telecom ,  the trump transition Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Zuckerberg says Facebook didn't rip off virtual-reality co... Read Next Zuckerberg says Facebook didn't rip off virtual-reality co... Most Popular This Week 1 'Ice cream killer' is so dangerous, she's headed to a men's prison 2 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 3 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 4 Obama rushes to fill dozens of federal jobs before leaving office 5 Obama family won't waste any time leaving after inauguration 6 Hotel hermit got $17M to make way for 15 Central Park West Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 68,343 Olivia Munn reportedly at center of Aaron Rodgers' family feud 59,498 Bobby Shmurda's pal gets 130-year sentence, curses out judge 37,423 Advisers urge Trump to dance with Caitlyn Jenner at inauguration Now On The Rock charmingly curses Kevin Hart out Louis Tomlinson wanted to ‘throw the towel in’ after mom’s death Ciara and Future reach custody agreement SEE ALL Video :36 Woman survives impaling by mere millimeters More Stories pagesix Bobby Shmurda's pal gets 130-year sentence, curses out judge Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost Olivia Munn reportedly at center of Aaron Rodgers' family feud New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Trending: Which mobile data provider is best? Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to handle security vulnerability reports 4 reasons Microsoft Teams will kill Slack… and 4 reasons it won’t The CSO guide to top security conferences It's time to start planning for SQL Server on Linux More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Android IT Blogwatch By Rebecca Linke | Senior Associate Editor |Follow About | A daily digest of IT news, curated from blogs, forums and news sites around the web each morning. We highlight the key commentary and demystify the real story. News Analysis Google with LG is getting ready to debut two new smartwatches Computerworld | Jan 17, 2017 6:45 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Computerworld's holiday gift guide 2016: Top-notch tech for $150 or more Smartwatches are big, pricey -- and ugly Smartwatch user dropout rate is still 29%, Gartner says Video Add-ons elevate new Moto Z phones Laptop? Check. Tablet? Check. Smartphone? Check. What's missing? If you're like me, a smartwatch.  Now Android is coming out with Android Wear 2.0, and a couple of new smartwatches to go along with it. So who is making the smartwatches, what features will they sport, and when will they be available? In IT Blogwatch, we use our watches for everything but to tell the time. So what is going on? Ron Amadeo has the background: Prolific leaker Evan Blass posted...that Android Wear 2.0 is due out February 9 and...claims Google's smartwatch will launch on the same date...Google confirmed earlier that it would launch a pair of "flagship" smartwatches soon...while they weren't going to be "Pixel" branded, the devices would be a Nexus-style collaboration. Blass says...those watches are made by LG and...called the "LG Watch Sport" and "LG Watch Style." A good start. So what do we know about the Watch Sport and Watch Style? Kellex has some details: The watches will...be unveiled on February 9...and will go on sale the following day. The Watch Sport will sell in...titanium or dark blue, while the Watch Style will sell in...titanium, silver, and rose gold. ... The Watch Sport will feature a 14.2mm thick case, 1.38-inch round display (480×480), 768MB RAM, 4GB storage, and a 430mAh battery. The Watch Style...will feature a 10.8mm thick case, 1.2-inch round display (360×360), 512MB RAM, 4GB storage, and a 240mAh battery. Each smartwatch should have...water and dust resistance, and Google Assistant integration...We don’t yet know pricing, but it’s safe to assume that Watch Sport is the more expensive of the two. Sounds great. Is there anything else we are still missing? John Anon fills in the blanks: The Watch Style will...make use of "swappable straps," while the Watch Sport will include a heart rate sensor and NFC support -- which means the Watch Sport...will be able to support Android Pay. ... Differences aside, both smartwatches are expected to come packing Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity, although the Watch Sport is also expected to make use of 3G and LTE cellular connectivity...both...are also expected to make use of a rotatable crown button to assist with on-screen navigation. All sounds good. But what do we know about Android Wear 2.0? Jake Smith has the lowdown: While Google hasn't confirmed LG as a partner, it has confirmed Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches are coming...Android Wear 2.0 brings a built-in Play Store to download and install apps directly on the watch -- removing the need for a smartphone. Google will also include a keyboard, new app launcher, and new Wi-Fi settings. But will the smartwatches sell? Eminay want to know one more thing: Now to wait for the pricing. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Android Personal Technology Android Wear Google Rebecca Linke is a Senior Associate Editor at Computerworld who writes about social media and personal technology. She also helps manage Computerworld's Facebook and Google+ pages. From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2016 State of Resilience Report White Paper 7 Data Visualizations You're Not Using Enough Video/Webcast Sponsored Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Video/Webcast Sponsored Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud eBook Sponsored Exploring How Bay Dynamics Customers Use Risk Fabric to Reduce Cyber Risk and Improve IT Security Effectiveness Go Top Stories CIA updates rules for collecting and retaining info on Americans The Central Intelligence Agency updated rules relating to the collection, retention and dissemination... You still can’t turn off Windows 10’s built-in spyware Microsoft is reducing the data it collects from Windows 10 PCs, but what does that really mean?... The war for cybersecurity talent hits the Hill More high-profile cyber-exploits and on-going allegations of Russian election-hacking have brought the... Video review: Apple's new AirPods The new wireless headphones do a lot of things right -- and look like two cigarettes stuck in your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Off topic › Gmail hacking Horseychick 85 posts Master Geek +1 received by user: 34 Topic # 207896 18-Jan-2017 15:46 Herald reporting Gmail hacking - http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&objectid=11784422   I don't usually trust their reporting so has anyone experienced this yet or think it sounds correct? sidefx 2890 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 765 Trusted   Reply # 1705304 18-Jan-2017 15:50 4 people support this post Erm... so apparently these so called "experienced technical users" don't have 2FA turned on?  And happily enter their credentials into a popup that opens after clicking an email attachment.  I'd suggest these "experienced technical users" are in fact neither experienced nor technical. timmmay 11699 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1664 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1705318 18-Jan-2017 15:54 2 people support this post I'm a very experienced technical user who does quite a bit of security work. I don't have 2FA turned on for Google because I find it a PTA and continual prompting for credentials gets annoying. I have 2FA on for AWS, Amazon, and a few other things. So I don't think it's fair that no 2FA = idiot.   I should probably turn it on though, and I will if someone can tell me Google / Gmail doesn't constantly prompt for it. Amazon Certified Solution Architect, Sysop Adminstrator, and Developer (all associate) TOGAF certified enterprise architect Professional photographer richms 18580 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 3025 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1705319 18-Jan-2017 15:55 One person supports this post I have it turned on and the only time I get re-prompted is if I clear cookies or use a new browser or phone. What is annoying is crap apps on the phone that use their own in-app browser to do the oauth connection to things - mainly facebook I get that issue with but have seen it on my google account once. Richard rich.ms Behodar 5303 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 630 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1705323 18-Jan-2017 15:57 timmmay: I find it a PTA and continual prompting for credentials gets annoying.   Bingo. I turned it on for my Apple account, then turned it back off again after getting prompted every single time I tried to get into my account from the same computer on the same static IP address. mattwnz 11505 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1167   Reply # 1705324 18-Jan-2017 15:57 timmmay:   I'm a very experienced technical user who does quite a bit of security work. I don't have 2FA turned on for Google because I find it a PTA and continual prompting for credentials gets annoying. I have 2FA on for AWS, Amazon, and a few other things. So I don't think it's fair that no 2FA = idiot.   I should probably turn it on though, and I will if someone can tell me Google / Gmail doesn't constantly prompt for it.         Like you I don't have it on for gmail, as it is a PITA, although I do for things like lastpass. But perhaps it is time to use it, as the whole login system of logging in is outdated and has security issues, and belongs in the past. There needs to be a new system. sidefx 2890 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 765 Trusted   Reply # 1705325 18-Jan-2017 15:58 Mine prompts on a login from a new device, but pretty much every time I tick the "do not prompt for this device again" option and it doesn't do it again for that device\browser.       ( But would you also put your gmail credentials into a popup that opened after clicking an email attachment? :) ) Oblivian 1666 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 109   Reply # 1705350 18-Jan-2017 16:33 Given I was sent an email the other night that 'Someone has my password'   And in my security logs stated a device from Sweden had used my credentials but been blocked. Needless to say 2FA was enabled. No phishing etc however, so god knows how they got it. Other than possibly of my apps being reported as logging in with it that have google acct login permission mattwnz 11505 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1167   Reply # 1705352 18-Jan-2017 16:37 Oblivian: Given I was sent an email the other night that 'Someone has my password' And in my security logs stated a device from Sweden had used my credentials but been blocked. Needless to say 2FA was enabled. No phishing etc however, so god knows how they got it. Other than possibly of my apps being reported as logging in with it that have google acct login permission It is these apps that want you to log into them via gmail which I suspect are the problem. 2FA is a pain though when you 2FA device decides to die, which happened to me recently. timmmay 11699 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1664 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1705353 18-Jan-2017 16:40 Well I turned Google 2FA on, and so far not too much trouble. Thunderbird/Outlook/Email clients need an app password (phone, tablet, work computer, etc), which you get from the Google security console. So far less annoying than expected. Amazon Certified Solution Architect, Sysop Adminstrator, and Developer (all associate) TOGAF certified enterprise architect Professional photographer sidefx 2890 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 765 Trusted   Reply # 1705359 18-Jan-2017 16:48 Gmail is probably the most important service for me to protect - it's literally the master for most of what I do. If my gmail got pwned they would have the details of almost every other online service I use, and the ability to reset the passwords on many of them.  I definitely want as much protection on it as I can get :) sbiddle 24242 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 4326 Moderator Trusted Biddle Corp Subscriber   Reply # 1705392 18-Jan-2017 18:27 Horseychick:   Herald reporting Gmail hacking - http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&objectid=11784422   I don't usually trust their reporting so has anyone experienced this yet or think it sounds correct?     It came from the Daily Mail. Nuff said.     andrewNZ 1531 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 667   Reply # 1705397 18-Jan-2017 18:42 Oblivian: Given I was sent an email the other night that 'Someone has my password' And in my security logs stated a device from Sweden had used my credentials but been blocked. Needless to say 2FA was enabled. No phishing etc however, so god knows how they got it. Other than possibly of my apps being reported as logging in with it that have google acct login permission I got one of these for one of my accounts, (device based in the US). No 2FA but it was still blocked. The account affected isn't my primary account, so I wasn't too concerned. Location: Dunedin PaulBags 607 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 116 Trusted   Reply # 1705404 18-Jan-2017 18:54 One person supports this post That's not hacking, it's phishing. Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices News » Mobile launcher app company POSTR raises $3 million for APAC expansion Posted 19-Jan-2017 08:59 Inland Revenue prepares to roll out $25 million information knowledge management system Posted 19-Jan-2017 08:57 Hawaiki sub-cable on track for mid-2018 launch Posted 18-Jan-2017 14:13 NZ IT spending to climb 2.3 percent in 2017 Posted 14-Jan-2017 17:14 NZ Tech Podcast 316: Ten years of Apple iPhone Posted 13-Jan-2017 14:26 Lenovo Miix 510: A Surface Pro 4 for less Posted 13-Jan-2017 11:19 Geekzone Live » Try automatic live updates from Geekzone directly in your browser, without refreshing the page, with Geekzone Live now. Updates » Are you subscribed to our RSS feed? You can download the latest headlines and summaries from our stories directly to your computer or smartphone by using a feed reader. Alternatively, you can receive a daily email with Geekzone updates. RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Geekzone software store Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Magazines Panache Tech and GadgetsWorklifeCars & BikesLifestyleHealthPeopleEntertainmentBooksCity LifeHumourBetween The Lines ET Wealth Brand Equity Corporate Dossier ET Magazine Travel ET Home›Magazines›Brand Equity market stats SENSEX NaN NIFTY 50 NaN GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) NaN USD/INR Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end marginally higher; GAIL rallies 6% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW When Yahoo announced 'Altaba', the name became a joke, here is why By ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 07.32 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Yahoo | tanmoy goswami | Karthik Nagarajan | Ashwini Deshpande | altaba Jokes like "'Altaba' is Latin for 'We should have taken Microsoft's $45 billion offer in 2008' became viral. Budget 2017: Can Arun Jaitley make you & economy happy? Click for our special Budget 2017 coverage The Monday when Yahoo announced the birth of Altaba as the home for the leftover assets after the sale of its core business to Verizon Communications, the social world went hammer and tongs on the new baby's name. Jokes ranged from "'Altaba' is Latin for 'We should have taken Microsoft's $45 billion offer in 2008', to "Ask your Doctor If Altaba is right for you," and many others. Now that the dust has settled, we got a few experts from across domains to tell us what they thought of the re-branding. Read on. Karthik Nagarajan National Director - Content & Social Media, GroupM The initial reaction was that they probably hived off the 15% Alibaba stake into a separate entity (as was being rumoured). For a few seconds I also fantasised about an Altavista comeback! Later when I read through and the reality sunk in, the tragedy was evident. A company that was more or less internet itself for many in its early years; a company, selling to whom was the lifetime ambition of Zuckerberg, Page and Brin; was now so insignificant that Altaba is not even worth a home page news for a Techcrunch. The irony of it all is that an ex Google exec watched over this funeral! Ashwini Deshpande Co-founder & Director, Elephant There are lot of misconceptions going around this news. That in itself is a poor brand management; on part of Verizon, Yahoo and even Alibaba. When Facebook bought WhatsApp, it did not rebrand it. When the buyout news came up, it wasn't clear that there was some leftover business, and that would later get tagged as "RemainCo". What I now understand is that RemainCo is essentially an investment company and will be branded as Altaba. Without going into whether the name works or not, the sheer complexity of deals, partial ownerships, partial rebranding etc lets me down. For anyone around the world with the slightest exposure to brand Yahoo, this is far too complex and unnecessary to deal with. As of now, this whole layering does not work for me. The name is incidental and may even grow on me. However, if it is going to be used just by the investment arm, I am probably never going to encounter it. Tanmoy Goswami Visiting Faculty, Storytelling and Communication, Vedica Scholars Programme for Women Initially I thought it was a joke gone viral. Yahoo! was iconic for many reasons - including the way the brand looked and sounded. When you say "Yahoo!", you capture an entire generation's zeitgeist. Altaba stands for nothing, and it sounds like a terrible dream. Even on second thoughts, I am still convinced Altaba is a horrendous name. Though given Yahoo!'s travails, it probably deserved this. LK Gupta Founder CMOnow Marketing Consulting It is one thing to rename a company, eg Google to Alphabet or Cadbury to Mondelez, but altogether different when you change the consumer-facing identity. The renaming of Yahoo! to Altaba is a corporate affairs decision arising from holding pattern, and doesn't come from consumer truths. It is unlikely that the name change will bring any major benefit at the consumer level. In fact, it may be harmed. Yahoo!, despite its Wall Street woes, has been one of the largest internet brands for the public. Perhaps in markets where it is not well-known, they can build Altaba from scratch. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Highest paid Bollywood actresses in 2016 BOLLYWOODUNION Help this father stay alive for 1-yr-old son! Milaap Prelaunch Lodha Amara - Kolshet Thane 1,2&3 bhk @ Rs.58 lac+ Lodha Amara Thane MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Americans believe UN does more harm than good: Nikki Haley Infrastructure Getting India back on the path of innovation READ MORE ON » Yahoo | tanmoy goswami | Karthik Nagarajan | Ashwini Deshpande | altaba To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Helicopter parenting is trending in India. Here's why Aamir Khan to Zaira Wasim: You are a role model for me Lenovo Yoga Book review: A unique and amazing product at a good price How to get the best out of YouTube & have a little fun too Actor Salman Khan exonerated in Arms Act Case More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Donald Trump Inauguration|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home Industry Technology Demonetisation windfall: Personal finance tracking app Walnut strikes it rich with location-based ATMwithCash feature Demonetisation windfall: Personal finance tracking app Walnut strikes it rich with location-based ATMwithCash feature Monthly spending patterns in India typically show a spurt in the first week following pay-day tapering off to a trickle by the end of month. By: Hita Gupta | Published: January 18, 2017 6:39 AM This happens especially when finances are not managed properly. At the same time, rising purchasing power means that many are unable to keep track of their expenses. Monthly spending patterns in India typically show a spurt in the first week following pay-day tapering off to a trickle by the end of month. This happens especially when finances are not managed properly. At the same time, rising purchasing power means that many are unable to keep track of their expenses. Recognising the need to launch an application to give an overview of expenses, in November 2014, Amit Bhor, Anurag Sinha, and Patanjali Somayaji launched Walnut—an SMS-based personal finance tracker to monitor outflow of money. “All banks are sending SMSs on transactions. If we can build a technology using this then users can get rich insights into their expenses in a safe and secure way,” said Bhor, co-founder and CEO, Walnut. The app does not require the customer to share bank details such as account number or password. Bhor, who had earlier worked with Google, built a technology to analyse business SMSs and show relevant information to the consumer. Mobile banking apps are more transaction-driven and only help to send money, pay bills, and do not track personal finance, according to the founder. “No other application can show spending on food and drinks, e-commerce shopping, taxi, etc. Walnut extracts this data and such detailed segregation is only possible on Walnut,” Bhor said. In addition to tracking, Walnut also warns the user on exceeding the monthly expenditure limit. For instance, it tracks the credit card bills of the user and sends alert on respective credit limit. Watch This Also: The demonetisation drive in the country helped Walnut as it doubled its user base from 2.5 million to 5 million in 50 days. In November 2016, Walnut launched a feature called ATMwithCash to help users locate ATMs with cash. The application uses SMS alert of cash withdrawal and phone’s GPS to pinpoint the location of ATM with cash. “Within two weeks of demonetisation, we launched this feature and the response we get was tremendous. We were ranked 22 on the Google Play Store among all apps in India,” Bhor added. In August, Walnut forayed into P2P money transfers and launched its bill splitting feature. It allows the user to makes the transaction from one bank account to another without going through a wallet or any third-party app. According to Bhor, transactions through bill splitting rose 10 times post demonetisation. Walnut had partnered with ICICI Bank and Visa for this feature as ICICI Bank has a licence for P2P transfers. By the end of this month, Walnut will launch its lending service where it will help consumers to raise loans from partner banks. He declined to share the names of the banks but said that it has signed up with three of the top five banks. “We are piloting multiple business models on the financial services side—lending, investment and insurance. We will start to monetise from these services by Q1 of 2017. Our financial services portfolio will help users make better financial decisions. Since we have a lot of data on the user, we can recommend the right product across different financial verticals,” said Bhor. Walnut raised its seed round of $1 million from Sequoia Capital in December 2014. Five months later, it mopped up $8 million in Series A funding from SAIF Partners and Sequoia. “Once we start earning revenue from the financial vertical we will be in the market to raise the next round. In Q2 of 2017 we will start looking for Series B funding,” Bhor added. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Dream Budget for common man if FM announces these 10 tax reliefs Govt may toughen PAN requirements to Rs 30,000 on cash transactions Budget 2017: 6 steps NRIs want FM Arun Jaitley to announce FM Arun Jaitley participates in 'Halwa ceremony', to mark beginning of Budget 2017 printing process EC writes to govt asking why Budget 2017 shouldn't be deferred, final decision tomorrow: Report Trending Now Maharashtra Governor Vidyasagar Rao for a survey to find causes of low voter turnout 5 insurance lessons from gaming apps like Temple Run, Candy Crush & Pokémon Go No one country can fight it alone, we share more intelligence with India now: Richard Verma,US Ambassador New polytechnics in Haryana to be run in PPP mode: Manohar Lal Khattar Maldives keen on Indian investments in ports, airports DMK announces statewide “rail roko agitation” after state's failure to bring an ordinance for Jallikattu Sebi prepares to allow options trading in commodity bourses Jalikattu: AR Rahman to fast tomorrow to support Tamil sentiments NIA says Islamic preacher, Zakir Naik's NGO has Rs 100 crore worth of real estate, may be summoned Sebi slaps Rs 14 L fine on 7 companies in investor complaints case Uddhav Thackeray mum on tie-up with BJP; announces sops ahead of BMC poll  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Attendle Launches to Give Event Coordinators 3-Day Access to Ticket Sale Revenue and $.50 Fees Attendle Launches to Give Event Coordinators 3-Day Access to Ticket Sale Revenue and $.50 Fees Posted on January 18, 2017 by BeGraciousDaily in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Leave it to a “kid” to be audacious enough to blaze new ground in a space typically known for edging out the little guy.  Created by the mastermind behind the popular gaming convention TheGameCon, Attendle is launched to give event coordinators, of any sized event, something they’ve never had – full control.  With unheard of features like a three-day ticket revenue pay out, one fee as low as $.50 per ticket, and a fully-customizable platform for event pages, Attendle has come to play. So how does Attendle put event creators in the driver’s seat? It employs a new kind of ticketing technology complete with analytics, support, and a  flexible, scalable, portable platform thanks to the Google Cloud. Users can manage customers, transactions, orders, attendees, etc. with a custom-built event manager dashboard.  They can design a themed event page with a drag and drop editor complete with an event schedule at a glance.  They can bundle tickets, offer ticket types, gather data at check out; it’s all there.  The best news is, the ticket processing fees are free for a user’s first event on the first $5,000.00 USD in ticket sales. Young entrepreneur Zackary Pedersen, President and Founder of Attendle, said of the launch, “When I held my first GameCon I needed money for advertising, and I didn’t see why ticket processors got to hold 70% of my sales revenue hostage until three days after my event.  Attendle levels the playing field. Customize your events start to finish without crushing fees on the backend.” For more information visit https://attendle.com. About Attendle Attendle was founded by Zackary Pedersen in August of 2015 and is located in Galveston, Texas. Attendle was founded to enable event creators to access needed ticket revenue and utilize tools to ease the planning process. Attendle is suitable for any sized event. Read full release at PRUnderground.com: Attendle Launches to Give Event Coordinators 3-Day Access to Ticket Sale Revenue and $.50 Fees. Latest News Alvarez & Marsal Forecasts the Potential Winners And Losers In Obamacare Repeal BNY Mellon and United Nations Foundation Reveal Investment Opportunities for Closing the Global Gender Gap in “Return on Equality” Best Software for Customer Service Teams | 2017, According to G2 Crowd User Reviews EverTrue Launches New Software Solution for Gift Officers NameJet and RightOfTheDot Expect Record Breaking Results at NamesCon 2017 Live and Online Domain Auction Ford Chief Engineer Nand Kochhar Named Vice Chair of SAE International Technical Standards Board InDemand Interpreting Introduces New iPhone App, Expanding its Extensive Suite of VRI Devices Billings Clinic is now Bringing After-hours Psychiatric Care to its Emergency Department and Inpatient Unit Through Partnership with InSight Telepsychiatry Spring-Green Lawn Care Named Among Entrepreneur’s 2017 Franchise 500 LexisNexis Launches New Academic Research Solution Designed for Millennials © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home All News (By date) Featured News eBay News Cheap Listing Days eBay Feedback eBay Seller Release eBay Site Changes Top Rated Seller Selling Fees SNAFU Amazon News Fulfilment by Amazon Checkout By Amazon Amazon Webstore Amazon Lockers Payments News Finance Payments PayPal Ecommerce News Mobile Deliveries Couriers Royal Mail HMRC & Tax Cross Border Trade Small Business News Incentives Events Meetups Google News Rakuten Play.com News Weird and Wacky Stuff About Contact Tamebay Comments Policy About Chris Dawson About Dan Wilson Remembering Sue Bailey Advertise on Tamebay Tamebay Media Pack Guest Post Policy Tools & Services Guide Download The Tamebay Guide Marketplaces Multichannel Marketplace Tools Analytics Shipping Fulfilment Packaging Product Sourcing Finance Payments Customer Support Outsourcing Online Stores Images & Design Marketing Buying Tools eBay Tools eBay Bargains Search eBay Best Offers eBay Exact Search eBay Feedback Checker eBay Local Search eBay Mis-Spelt Search eBay Most Popular Items eBay Not In Title Search eBay Price Finder eBay Seller History Tamebay Events Tamebay TV Channel Featured Contact Us eBooks eBay delays Product Identifier launch on eBay Ireland Last week eBay Australia announced that they will be delaying the launch of the new product identifier rules that were unveiled last year. Mandatory use of product identifiers across eBay, including in the UK, was expected in February 2017. But following Australia’s lead, eBay Ireland has now announced it will be following suit and delaying implementation saying “we heard from many of you that this timing is a bit rushed. We get it. So we’re relaxing our timelines.” You can read the full announcement here. As the announcement says: “- Our new catalogue portal will be available from spring 2017. You’ll be able to upload your entire catalogue of private-label and unbranded products quickly and easily using eBay-generated product identifiers. – New options, including Amazon, Google and self-created product identifiers will be available from summer 2017. – We’ve postponed our next product identifier mandate – additional categories of new and Good ‘Til Cancelled listings for manufacturer refurbished items – to next year, along with the removal of the Does not apply listing option.” There is no doubt that implementing product identifiers is a pain for many sellers and, for bigger sellers, an onerous task. Chris wrote a piece reflecting the hassles called Why we don’t like eBay Product Identifiers. The most pressing concern must be whether eBays Ireland and Australia are the start of a trend. Will other eBay territories such as the US and UK also soon be subject to a delay in the new previously announced product identifier rules? Obviously eBay sellers who have already invested time and resources on their product identifiers in Australia and Ireland will be frustrated that they have taken the time to comply where others haven’t. But they should hopefully be reaping the benefits of utilising them, even if they are not mandatory. We’ll see, over the course of the next few days, if the implementation will be delayed on a broader scale. Previous Post Next Post Share This Post Tags: eBay Australia, eBay Ireland, Product identifiers Author: Dan Wilson Posted On: 18/01/2017 Responses: Ian A says 11:06 am on 18/01/2017 How are you supposed to get them for vintage items, imported products and own brand products? Will we have to go out and buy bar codes at our expense? Not sure if anyone feels the same but ebay sales are slower and more expensive than ever at the moment. Maybe ebay have realised that there is a genuine danger people will throw in the towel with another required hoop to jump through. Reply Sam O'levski says 12:53 pm on 18/01/2017 Unbranded seems to be a popular choice on ebay suddenly, even for items with a widely known brand label visible in the photos. I realised this when a friend was trying to price a few bits they wanted to sell recently, and found almost none of their items using the brand filter – even using the brand name in search brought up only a couple of extra results, despite a trawl through listings showing several examples of their items on sale. It looks for now that many sellers are actually hindering those buyers who know precisely what they are looking for, presumably to avoid the predicted race to the bottom on price. Reply paddy says 1:55 pm on 18/01/2017 “along with the removal of the Does not apply listing option.” Maybe they have realised that this could wipe out vast numbers of listing in one go? Reply David Brackin says 4:40 pm on 18/01/2017 Come on the UK… it’s time to join the sensible crowd and let’s hold off on this utterly disastrous policy. Poorly thought-through and a knee-jerk me-too reaction to the Google penalty 18 months ago, this has been poorly supported and poorly delivered since its conception. It is once again an attempt by the marketplace to get the sellers to do the work that the marketplace should do, and as a result it kills selection and velocity. Given the high likelihood that the UK will join these delays, it would make sense for sellers to stop the task that eBay has set them to do and concentrate on making some sales instead. It’s time for eBay to adjust their approach. If it really does help search — really truly and without any doubt — then give us the data and it’s a carrot we’ll nibble on it. Sellers will do anything to get their listings higher up in search. Frankly I don’t believe it does. And that’s why the product information database is such a shambles. Reply james says 5:57 pm on January 18th, 2017 get data from ebay? are you having a laugh? we actioned it and took our own data, sales went down, not up. Reply Have your say: Name Email Url Message Submit View our Comment Policy Click to cancel reply Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail Related Posts eBay Australia delays implementation of Product Identifiers eBay Australia hikes fees to discourage auctions Meet the company: VendLab eBay Seller Release: eBay to support Amazon ASINs How do I optimize my eBay listings? Recent Posts How to start selling on Allegro in Poland eBay delays Product Identifier launch on eBay Ireland Meet the company: Peoplevox Komplett to launch Norwegian Marketplace EU at last realise their Cookie legislation annoyed just about everyone eBay partner with AOL BrandBuilder’s new Advert Formats Meet the company: ListSmart HMRC unleash ‘Connect’ computer to target tax evaders Show More Get Tamebay via Email Enter your email address * Home About Tools & Services Guide Tamebay Events Tamebay TV Contact Us eBooks eBay Tools Advertise on Tamebay Comments Policy Privacy Policy Archives Copyright 2006 - 2017 Tamebay Signed By
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 17 GOOG: 804.61 -3.27 Allo 5.0 rolling out w/ Chrome Custom Tabs, selfie-generated sticker packs on the way [APK Teardown] Stephen Hall - Jan. 17th 2017 4:42 pm PT @hallstephenj Teardowns Android Google Allo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit With every Allo update has come features that almost no one is asking for, and the latest version of the app, 5.0, isn’t much exception. The new version is rolling out now on the Play Store with one major addition: Chrome Custom Tabs, for viewing web pages without leaving the app. But a quick teardown of the app we did shows that there are other — yep, you guessed it — sticker-related features right around the corner… The most notable addition that you’ll notice right off the bat is Chrome Custom Tabs, which is just Google’s fancy name for their in-app web browser. You can click links within chats and quickly view them without leaving the app, and the pop up’s top bar will even adopt the custom color that correlates with the theme you’ve chosen for your session. You can also toggle a setting that lets you decide whether or not you want to use this new functionality. As for something that might make you roll your eyes a little bit if you’ve ever used Allo, though, Google has also added reference to a forthcoming sticker feature deep in the code of the app. Some strings we found in our teardown reference the ability for you to take a selfie that will “automagically” generate a sticker pack based on your likeness. There are also some strings that give us a little bit of an idea as to how this works. You’ll be able to tap a button that says “Generate stickers,” and — at least in this build — Google asks for feedback for the feature after you’ve made your custom stickers. You’ll be able to tell Google how well the stickers resemble you and help the company “improve the quality of [their] algorithm.” This doesn’t seem to be public-facing quite yet, so we’re not sure what it looks like. But whenever that server-side switch gets flipped (or it goes public in the next version, perhaps), you’ll be glad to know that Google didn’t forget to once again add some “fun” feature that doesn’t make the messaging app much more compelling than it was before. <string name=”face_capture_explanatory_text”>Take a selfie and we’ll automagically generate a sticker pack in your likeness. For best results, keep a neutral expression</string> <string name=”face_capture_image_preview_content_description”>Image selected for sticker personalization</string> <string name=”face_capture_preview_cancel_button_label”>Cancel</string> <string name=”face_upload_wait_text_label”>Generating..</string> This is the most notable set of new strings we found, but there’s more. We also found strings that suggest Google could be more openly welcoming beta testers for future versions of the app, and we found evidence that Google will be prompting users to review the app on the Play Store (that might actually be active already, but we haven’t seen it ourselves yet. Here’s a look at Chrome Custom Tabs in action: Exactly what everyone wanted. Selfie-generated sticker packs in Allo 5. pic.twitter.com/71M8hDnmlD — Stephen Hall (@hallstephenj) January 18, 2017 Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Allo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments How to coexist in a world of diverse opinions Jeff Sessions 2008.png Sen. Jeff Sessions with Ben Baxter at a 2008 campaign luncheon about increasing the intellectual exchange between blacks and whites in the state of Alabama. (c/o Ben Baxter) Print Email Ben Baxter By Ben Baxter AL.com Follow on Twitter on January 17, 2017 at 6:30 PM, updated January 17, 2017 at 6:31 PM comments Ben Baxter is a Tuscaloosa dweller, a Dothan native, an experienced engineer, and a regular contributor for personal finance and career development topics.  He's also a frequent voice on race-related topics. Before we go any further, let's make it very clear what's not being said. At no point should anyone ever compromise on a fundamental ideal.  For example, if a small faction in our country began endorsing pedophilia as a norm, then by all means, dig your heels in the sand. Unfortunately, most ideals aren't that cut and dry. That's why it's vitally important that we learn how to coexist.  Google defines this as existing in mutual tolerance despite different ideologies or interests. Let's pause for a second and digest that.  Are we comfortable enough to say that we are mutually tolerant of each other's ideologies and interests? A glance at any social medium or message board platform will quickly show that not only are we not tolerant of each other, but we have an insatiable appetite for disagreement--to the point of wishing death upon our "enemies" and "opposition." At the risk of sounding square, that's certainly not how adults should critically-think and problem-solve.  Temper tantrums and death threats are the work of small children, and we should strive to do better.  To help with that, here are three great ways to become better at coexisting with one another: Become a Better Listener Listening is not a natural tendency.  It's a learned skill yet there are very few educational initiatives geared toward increasing our listening effectiveness.  To make matters worse, with the listening skills we do possess, we only remember 17 to 25 percent of what we hear.  If that's the case, no wonder there is so much conflict; almost everyone feels like no one is listening to them. Participating with organizations like the Sustained Dialogue Institute (SDI) is a great way to improve listening skills and to begin tracking toward conflict resolution.  SDI defines dialogue as "listening deeply enough to be changed by what you learn."  But if we continually buck against listening, we will never accomplish that type of understanding within this country. Learn to Speak Less Often This may not seem obvious, but one of the barriers to clear communication is that we are always trying to speak.  As renowned educator, Dr. Steven Covey, famously says, "Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply." We could drop the mic right there, but the dangers of being quick to speak are too paramount.  These dangers cross over into what we say online as well.  How often have we seen someone disgracefully get themselves fired because of something outrageously racist, sexist, or prejudice that they said on Facebook?  Too many times to count, right?  Luckily, speaking less often doesn't take much skills; we just have to be intentional about it. Improve Anger Management Our general lack of proper anger management is never more prevalent than during a Presidential election year.  Whether the candidate is Barack Obama or Donald Trump, we let our emotions get the best of us, which causes us to fly off the handle with record speed.  Moreover, none of this anger has ever helped with anything.  All it has ever done is wedge us all further apart. As we begin the week commemorating the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, let's rest easy in knowing that we all want what's best for our country.  We just have to start doing so as brothers and sisters instead of as bitter enemies.  We can do that.  We can do anything we put our minds to.  We just have to want that synergy more than dysfunction that we have right now.  Give it a chance before it becomes too late. TALKING POLITICS Alabama/California Conversation Project We asked Alabama Trump voters to talk politics, values with California liberals Civic-minded Donald Trump voters in Alabama agreed to have a deep, serious, respectful conversation with Hillary Clinton voters from one of the most liberal places in America, the San Francisco Bay Area. This is the result. MORE IN THE SERIES What we learned: Alabama, California women reflect on their conversations As conversation winds down, discussion turns to race, other challenges The key to civility? 'Listen and ask more questions' In immigration debate, Trump and Clinton voters tussle over term 'illegal immigrant' Alabama conservatives, California liberals discuss how faith shapes their lives What happened when I popped my liberal bubble and talked with Alabama voters Read entire series » Columnists John Archibald Kyle Whitmire Roy S. Johnson Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In National Railway porn couple escape charges Rod Culleton’s ‘gone fishin’ Dutton: Muslim billboard is ‘great’ Argument leads to shooting in Sydney The sign that Baird would retire What happened to missing mother? How it went wrong for Mike Baird ‘One punch’ murder details revealed south australia It’s all about Mexican and Japanese, plus new-wave pizza in 2017 January 19, 20171:27pm Darren Hearne serves Cristina Tridente pizza and pasta at Chicco Palms. Photo: Calum Robertson Simon WilkinsonThe Advertiser Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend NEW-WAVE pizzas, yakitori and plates of veggies are among the dining trends of 2017, Simon Wilkinson writes. Check out more food news and reviews on The Source SA now PIZZA Rather than being too caught up in serious discussion on authenticity and provenance, places such as Lost in a Forest in Uraidla and city late-night party hotspot Sunny’s, off Currie St in Adelaide, keeps the music pumping and the pizzas rolling out until 2am, while Tony Mitolo has a hit on his hands with Pizzateca in McLaren Vale. To this list, we can now add Chicco Palms, the former fast food joint on Henley Beach Rd that has been transformed into an eye-catching retro diner tapping into the style of Palm Springs. Gather your own Rat Pack and head in for Italo-American classics such as spaghetti and meatballs, flash cocktails and all your pizza favourites. Coming soon also is Pizza al Taglio, a daytime outlet selling thicker, puffier Roman-style pizza by the slice, from the team behind Etica. C hef A dam L ISTON.Source:Supplied B aker M ark A rcher.Source:News Corp Australia VEG RULES Expect to see more veggies in starring roles, rather than the supporting cast, as restaurants respond to the health, ethical and environmental concerns of their customers and also discover that a serve of pumpkin costs less than porterhouse or prawns. This doesn’t necessarily mean veg-only dishes, though we will see more of these, but there will be a shift in balance on the plate with the protein component shrinking. “V is for vegan,” says David Swain, co-owner/chef of Fino at Seppeltsfield. “I think it will be the biggest food trend over the next few years. The public are becoming increasingly aware of the environmental impact of animal husbandry and making an educated choice. Consumers will see an increasing variety of vegan and vegetarian products that have nothing to do with those diabolic soy sausages.” And chef Mark McNamara at St Hugo says: “I think Duncan (Welgemoed) at Africola and Brent Savage at (Sydney vegetarian restaurant) Yellow are on the right track with vegetables taking a starring role — not necessarily vegetarian or vegan per se but even meat dishes where vegetables are the hero, with meat, fish, poultry and protein in general taking a supporting role.” Johnny Triscari at Chloe’s sees the trend extending to the fast food giants and points to well-known chefs such as Noma’s Rene Redzepi going in search of new plant-based proteins. Big business is taking notice. Eric Schmidt, the executive director of Alphabet (Google’s parent company), has said that plant-based protein and laboratory-grown meat is the biggest trend in technology. FERMENTATION Hand-in-hand with the rise of veggies will be the continuing exploration of fermenting techniques. There will be more twists on sauerkraut, kimchi and pickles, all washed down with a glass of kombucha. Make your own at home, or opt for one of the amazing local artisan brands that are popping up everywhere. Fermentation, of course, is the key to many foods and beverages, a role to be celebrated in an exciting new event to look out for towards the end of the year. MEXICAN Walter Ventura and his band of amigos behind Mexican-themed eateries such as Lucky Lupitas and Hispanic Mechanic will step up their taco takeover across the city and suburbs. Already slated for the first half of this year are DISCO Mexico in O’Connell St, likely to be a mix of diner and bar, and two new Lucky Lupitas, a quick-service outlet in the city and a larger licensed restaurant on Belair Rd. Now comes news of another project, a vegan Mexican restaurant on Goodwood Rd with the unlikely name of Tequila Butcher. No pulled pork or cheesy nachos there. Meanwhile, the Pichardo family behind Maiz & Mezcal are putting the finishing touches to Kua in Gilbert Place, where the Mexican flavours will be given a contemporary presentation and fused with other culinary traditions in dishes such as salmon “a la plancha” with citrus reduction, cherry tomato confit, zucchini blossom, smoked black beans and honeycomb. The rooftop bar upstairs looks a winner. Traditional Italian Pizza oozing with cheese0:30 Delicious making of traditional Italian pizza from Italian Street Kitchen in Neutral Bay September 13th 2016 4 months ago JAPANESE Ingredients such as miso, edamame, nori, shiso leaves and Shichimi Togarashi spice mix are favourites of some of our leading chefs and recipe writers. Sushi rolls, teriyaki chicken and the theatre of teppanyaki are part of our regular mealtime vocabulary. However, the opening of Shobosho, meaning fire-house, promises an exciting new frontier for Japanese cooking in this town. Bringing together the Midas touch of restaurateur Simon Kardachi and the talent of returning chef Adam Liston, Shobosho will specialise in all forms of flame, with a yakitori and other grills, as well as a rotisserie and wood oven. Japanese ingredients and traditions will feature, though other Asian cooking styles will also be incorporated in the menu. Designers studio-gram have been commissioned to work on the layout, which will include an open kitchen, booth seating and traditional Japanese tables. An extensive sake selection will be offered, as well as wines selected by sommelier Josh Picken (ex-Orana). Kardachi, who last teamed with Liston at The Melting Pot, describes the concept as “a blending of smoke, steam and fire; the ancient traditions of Japanese yakitori, with the finesse, skill and texture of all that is raw, cured, pickled and fermented”. Look out also for what happens at Kenji Modern Japanese in Hutt St, where revered owner/chef Kenji Ito is departing but another Japanese restaurant, in experienced hands, sounds promising. A aron F enwick of t he A ristologist.Source:News Corp Australia FLAME ON Speaking of fire, expect to see more meats and veg grilled, not over a gas flame but charcoal of selected provenance. “Charcoal has such as great taste and lends itself to an honest style of cooking that I enjoy,” says Karena Armstrong of McLaren Vale’s The Salopian Inn. This ties also to the thoughts of Jimmy Zerella, sous chef at The Henry Austin. “We’re expecting a return of back-to-basics cooking,” he says. “Doing away with sous vide and temperature control and a return to simple, old-fashioned cooking, in its purest of forms, to highlight the ingredients we pick and that producers bring us.” Bravo. BREAD Small, artisan bakers are on the rise, producing loaves of substance and character that, as well as being sustaining, are less likely to cause some of the health issues of mass-produced breads. Call in to the market at Plant 4, Bowden (Wednesday and Saturday) and track down The Lost Loaf, a new project from dessert queen Emma Shearer. In her previous life she was a chef at fine diners including The Manse and Magill Estate (if you had her bread there, you will know what we are talking about). Also worth discovering are The Hearth at Blackwood, Bread at The Guardian at Glenelg South and The Hungry Caterpillar, found at farmers’ markets on the South Coast (look out for the bagels and crumpet loaf). HEAD TO THE HILLS The Hills are alive with the sound of ... hammers, drills and concrete mixers. The development of this region into one of our fastest-moving eating and drinking patches will continue, with a mix of smaller venues such as Lost in a Forest and The Summertown Aristologist, and the revival of pubs at Crafers, Uraidla and Verdun to be boosted later in the year with a major visitor and production facility on the outskirts of Nairne that will be home to The Hills Cider Company, Mismatch Brewing Co, Adelaide Hills Distillery and Ashton Valley Fresh. Studio Nine Architects, Frame Creative and Murray Machining are overseeing the project, with the brewery and distillery production gear expected to be up and running mid-year and the cellar door and restaurant ready later. Cider, gin, and beer nuts will flock to the place once it opens. Originally published as2017 dining: Year with the lot Jump back to top Right now in national 111Readers ‘Trainline Tramp’ amateur porn video creators escape charges... 25Readers Blacked out for days... again 18Readers Sunshine Coast fire: Sunshine Motorway closed, gas depot eva... national breaking news 21:50Body found on Adelaide coast 21:44Storm hits Adelaide and SA 20:37Vic man behind bars over car wash brawl 20:28CFMEU fined almost $60,000 for SA threats 19:58The premier who shook up NSW, Mike Baird BEST FROM Legacy: The good, the Baird and the ugly MORE AT THE TELEGRAPH? Daily Telegraph Plucky pup’s amazing snake scrape More at the Herald Sun Herald Sun The young star selectors and BBL doomed More at Fox Sports Fox Sports Streets flood in Brisbane More at The Courier Mail Courier Mail All the action, colour from Tour Down Under More at the Advertiser The Advertiser Why would a World Cup winning Aussie defect? More at PerthNow PerthNow Prev Next A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Deliveroo to hire hundreds of engineers at London HQ Deliveroo will employ 300 new tech experts Cara McGoogan 18 January 2017 • 12:01am Deliveroo plans to employ hundreds of new staff at a new London headquarters, trebling its current engineering headcount. The British food delivery company plans to hire 300 software and hardware engineers at an office in Canon Street this summer to work on technology such as the Deliveroo app and logistics systems. The news is the latest boost to London's technology scene in the wake of commitments by Google, Apple, Facebook and Snapchat to widen their footprint in the capital since the Brexit vote. Deliveroo, which operates in 12 countries and employs over 1,000 people full time, said it would hire experts in behavioural economics, machine learning and data analysis. The new recruits will join a 125-employee strong team that has built the tech to date and is headed by former executives from Facebook, Twitter, Netflix and Groupon. The announcement comes after a period of dramatic growth for the company in which its orders grew 650pc in 2016. Deliveroo works with more than 8,000 local restaurants in the UK and 20,000 around the world, according to its latest figures. Its services are available in 75 cities across the country where thousands of delivery people are employed.  "London is where I founded this company and it's from our headquarters here that we export our British-born technology around the world," said Will Shu, founder and chief executive of Deliveroo.  "When so many success stories in the on-demand economy have been grown from America, I am particularly proud to be doing this here in Britain." Deliveroo is seen as one of Britain's most promising technology start-ups and is one of a handful of "unicorns" to be valued at more than $1bn (£810m).  A host of tech companies have recently announced London expansions. Facebook has said it will hire 500 staff this year, and Google will hire 3,000 by 2020. Snap, the company that owns Snapchat, said last week it had chosen the UK as its international base for sales outside the US.   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Deliveroo Show more Technology latest Gallery 19 Jan 2017, 3:29pm Gallery: Most popular Instagram accounts - in pictures 19 Jan 2017, 3:21pm Facebook blocks Russia Today from posting until day after Trump's inauguration 19 Jan 2017, 12:54pm Overwatch celebrates the Chinese New Year with special themed event 19 Jan 2017, 12:34pm Comment: So how should you confront a man watching porn in public? Judith Woods Premium Gallery 19 Jan 2017, 12:03pm Gallery: Most important inventions of the 21st Century: in pictures 19 Jan 2017, 11:55am What is Meitu and why is the Chinese selfie app suddenly everywhere? 19 Jan 2017, 11:23am The ten most exciting Nintendo Switch games - From Super Mario to Fire Emblem 19 Jan 2017, 10:43am The powerful 'corporate state' is the new global villain Premium 19 Jan 2017, 9:22am Facebook censorship is 'racially biased', civil rights group claim 19 Jan 2017, 8:30am Samsung boss avoids arrest in bribery case Gallery 19 Jan 2017, 7:36am Gallery: CES 2017: The weirdest gadgets from the world's biggest tech show 18 Jan 2017, 5:09pm Evan Spiegel: The world of Snapchat's genius founder Premium Gallery 18 Jan 2017, 3:30pm Gallery: Inside Google's spectacular new London offices 18 Jan 2017, 2:54pm Quiz: Could you be the next Jane Bond? 18 Jan 2017, 10:53am Google Maps to ease driving headaches by steering users away from busy car parks 18 Jan 2017, 10:15am iPhone emoji message prank crashes phones with a single text Gallery 18 Jan 2017, 8:24am Gallery: Weird Nokia phones you'll wish you owned Gallery 18 Jan 2017, 7:43am Gallery: The best iPhone apps of 2016 01:33 18 Jan 2017, 6:00am Tim Cook’s rise to fame in 90-seconds 18 Jan 2017, 1:34am Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg denies virtual-reality technology for Oculus was stolen 18 Jan 2017, 1:15am Stockholm ambulances to trial blocking drivers' music so sirens can be heard If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology » Mobiles ﻿ LG V20 Review: Super audio, great for multimedia consumption IANS | Last Updated: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - 11:17 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: After taking the industry by surprise with the world`s first modular smartphone, the G5, it has mostly been a quiet period for LG before it launched another premium device, the V20, late in 2016 -- the world`s first device with wide-angle camera lenses on both the front and back. For audiophiles, LG has collaborated with renowned European audio brand Bang & Olufsen (B&O) and the V20 comes with free B&O Play headsets (wow!). At Rs 54,999, the LG V20 also features a 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC (digital-to-analog converter), bringing a rich audio experience to mobile phones. Here is what works for the V20. It boasts of a minimalist metal body with a thin bezel design that delivers good looks and a convenient grip. Compliant with the US military standard test and equipped with aircraft grade aluminum, the device promises good sturdiness. We dropped the 5.7-inch device from a height of approximately four feet and caused it no harm thanks to the Si-PC -- a shock-absorbing material which protects the top and bottom edges. The fingerprint sensor at the back is quick and doubles up as a power button and sleep/wake up switch. Watching movies and video and using apps like Instagram were a delight on the quad-HD Quantum display that produced good contrast and vibrant colours. The touch response is smooth and has a super-responsive feel which comes to life with the slightest touch. Running on user interface UX 5.0+, the multimedia functions and navigating around the menus was smooth. V20 also leads the pack of devices to get Android Nougat 7.0 operating system, ahead of Nexus and Pixel smartphones. LG has integrated a secondary display on the V20, right on the top of the phone, above the main display, that works faster than drop down menu in selecting a mode. The device sports two rear cameras -- one 16MP normal field of view camera and one 8MP wide angle field of view camera. Both are totally independent to switch between. The pictures taken looked natural and shades of red, blue and green were beautifully captured. Here, the V20 gives tough competition to the Google Pixel and Samsung Galaxy S7. The wide angle camera brings more depth to the images and pictures taken were pleasant. The 5MP front camera captured amazing selfies, both in low- and bright-light conditions, which many smartphones fail to do. The speakers offer decent audio quality but what really makes the difference is the B&O headphones that delivers loud sound and booming bass. The HD Audio Recorder uses three high Acoustic Overload Point (AOP) microphones which will empower users to create studio-quality recordings. Packing a larger battery, the smartphone lasted for approximately 14 hours while working with a slew of apps. The Quick Charge 3.0 does help in fast charging if you run out of juice. What does not work? There is no app drawer and all apps are directly hooked on to the screen. The rear camera performance in low-light conditions is inconsistent and produces grainy pictures. The device is tough to use with one hand. Conclusion: V20 is another great all-rounder from LG, packing top components that deliver flawless perfromance. LG`s focus on audio quality and display makes it is a great device for multimedia consumption.   First Published: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - 11:17 More from zeenews   India NIA says LeT behind Uri, Handwara attacks Kanpur train tragedy: NIA seeks Home Ministry's nod to probe Pakistan angle On Republic Day, India's first home-grown fighter jet Tejas to fly past Rajpath for first time More from India World Pakistan opposition moves privilege against PM Nawaz Sharif for ''untruthful'' speech NATO sees sharp rise in state-backed cyber attacks: Stoltenberg Hope as Philippines communist peace talks open: Govt More from World Sports Record breaking Yuvraj Singh surpasses Sachin Tendulkar's record of maximum ODI runs against England 2017 Australian Open: Serena Williams routs Lucie Safarova to reach third round at Rod Laver Arena IND vs ENG, 2nd ODI: Yuvraj Singh silences critics with 14th ODI hundred, fourth against England — WATCH More from Sports Entertainment People's Choice Awards 2017: Alia Bhatt congratulates Priyanka Chopra with a sweet message AR Rahman backs Jallikattu, to observe fast on Friday Yesteryear actresses who shocked our daddys & granddaddys by daring to bare More from Entertaiment Health Working 9 to 9? Here are 7 survival tips to stay healthy, succeed in career Revealed: Turmeric isn't as healthy as you think Stress – This is how your key body systems react More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Will Akhilesh-Rahul alliance be able to trump BJP in UP elections? Arms case: Salman Khan acquitted by Jodhpur court Raisina Dialogue 2017: Pakistan must walk away from terror, says PM Modi DNA: Analysis of insensitivity shown by political leaders over rising poverty in India Etah: School bus collides with truck, several children killed World's 30 most dynamic cities: Check out the full list WATCH: Kieron Pollard's incredible one-handed six demoralises Fawad Ahmed China State TV said that its troops can reach New Delhi in 48 hours in war scenario; Indians slay it with their replies IND vs ENG, 2nd ODI: Yuvraj Singh silences critics with 14th ODI hundred, fourth against England — WATCH Bengaluru pips Silicon Valley to become world's most dynamic city Related News Nursery admissions: LG's nod to guidelines for schools on DDA land Anil Baijal takes over as LG, non-committal on mending ties with AAP govt TAGS LG LG V20 smartphone LG V20 LG phone Google Nougat Photos Karishma Tanna-Instagram; Sagarika Ghatge-Instagram Know Your Force mela; Inter-school Tiger Fest; Rehearsal for RD parade 10 Most Haunted Objects in the World Top Videos Etah: School bus collides with truck, several children killed Jallikattu ban: Thousands protest across Tamil Nadu in support of bull-taming sport UP election: Congress-SP alliance likely to be sealed today; RLD may go solo J&K: LeT militant gunned down by security forces in Bandipora More from other Sections WATCH: Mahendra Singh Dhoni's another spot on DRS call; saves Yuvraj Singh this time Pakistan mess up big time in Australia — WATCH VIDEOS Never wrote open letter to PM about Dawood: Sunil Grover Have to be obsessive to play a character: Shah Rukh Khan Gestational diabetes likely to elevate depression risk following childbirth Cipla initiates campaign for a pollution free Delhi; starts #saveyourlungsdilli contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Laptops Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Best Tablets Best Deals Best 2-in-1s College Laptops Gaming Laptops Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder How to Use Chrome to Display All Types of Media In-Browser By Bryan Clark | January 17, 2017 05:57 pm MORE Many people aren't aware that Chrome can display many media types in the browser. Rather than loading VLC, or Quicktime, you can play videos without going anywhere else. Ditto for images (including GIFs), text files, and even full PDFs. Chrome is a fully capable media station that’s always just a click away.  There are three main ways to open a media file in Chrome browser.\ Method #1: Drag and Drop 1. Open Chrome. 2. Select a file from any location (movie, image, pdf, etc.) and drag it into Google Chrome. The browser should move from your current window to the file you’ve dragged on to it. Alternatively, you can do the same thing without dragging and dropping. Method #2: Right Click and Open With 1. Right click the file. 2. Select Open with > Google Chrome.  Method #3: Drag onto Icon Drag the file onto the Google Chrome desktop icon to open it.  ✖ Chrome Browser Tips How to Reduce Memory Usage in Chrome How to Silence Noisy Tabs in Chrome Hide Your Chrome Browsing From Your Boss Enable Guest Browsing in Chrome How to Make Chrome More Touch-Friendly How to Enable Do Not Track in Chrome How to Put Chrome in High Contrast Mode Remove Extensions from Chrome How to Resume an Interrupted Download in Chrome Protect Yourself from Spoilers with the Chrome Browser How to Create Desktop Shortcuts for Web Pages Using Chrome How to Use Chrome Extensions in Incognito Mode Disable (and Enable) Notifications in Chrome How to Use Chrome's Built-in Task Manager Add a Home Button to Chrome How to Change Your Default Search Engine in Chrome's Omnibox Show Frames Per Second in Chrome Get Gmail Notifications in Chrome How to Clear Your Internet History in Chrome How to Stop Pop-Ups in Chrome How to Prevent Scrollbar Jumping Change the Download Folder How to Reduce Memory Usage in Chrome How to Silence Noisy Tabs in Chrome Hide Your Chrome Browsing From Your Boss Enable Guest Browsing in Chrome How to Make Chrome More Touch-Friendly How to Enable Do Not Track in Chrome How to Put Chrome in High Contrast Mode Remove Extensions from Chrome How to Resume an Interrupted Download in Chrome Protect Yourself from Spoilers with the Chrome Browser How to Create Desktop Shortcuts for Web Pages Using Chrome How to Use Chrome Extensions in Incognito Mode Disable (and Enable) Notifications in Chrome How to Use Chrome's Built-in Task Manager Add a Home Button to Chrome How to Change Your Default Search Engine in Chrome's Omnibox Show Frames Per Second in Chrome Get Gmail Notifications in Chrome How to Clear Your Internet History in Chrome How to Stop Pop-Ups in Chrome How to Prevent Scrollbar Jumping Change the Download Folder Next Tips »» «« Previous Tip Next Tip »» Chrome Browser Tips How to Reduce Memory Usage in Chrome How to Silence Noisy Tabs in Chrome Hide Your Chrome Browsing From Your Boss More Tips How to Reduce Memory Usage in Chrome How to Silence Noisy Tabs in Chrome Hide Your Chrome Browsing From Your Boss Enable Guest Browsing in Chrome How to Make Chrome More Touch-Friendly How to Enable Do Not Track in Chrome How to Put Chrome in High Contrast Mode Remove Extensions from Chrome How to Resume an Interrupted Download in Chrome Protect Yourself from Spoilers with the Chrome Browser How to Create Desktop Shortcuts for Web Pages Using Chrome How to Use Chrome Extensions in Incognito Mode Disable (and Enable) Notifications in Chrome How to Use Chrome's Built-in Task Manager Add a Home Button to Chrome How to Change Your Default Search Engine in Chrome's Omnibox Show Frames Per Second in Chrome Get Gmail Notifications in Chrome How to Clear Your Internet History in Chrome How to Stop Pop-Ups in Chrome How to Prevent Scrollbar Jumping Change the Download Folder Add a comment Email Name Comment Firstname Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kangaroo Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 1.5 Stars 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins LATEST HEADLINES Next iPads Arriving Later Than Expected (Report) New Mac Malware Watches Your Every Move Best Tablets Under $200 The Best Laptop Deals of 2017 How to Change Screen Resolution in Windows 10 COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 218 52 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Local news vows to fight fake news, halt business with 'propaganda pushers' A large group of local media outlets is taking an aggressive stance against so-called fake news. Post to Facebook Local news vows to fight fake news, halt business with 'propaganda pushers' A large group of local media outlets is taking an aggressive stance against so-called fake news.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k2xD6X {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Local news vows to fight fake news, halt business with 'propaganda pushers' Mike Snider , USA TODAY Published 7:50 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 12:06 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 This photograph taken in Paris Friday Dec. 2, 2016 shows stories from USA Daily News 24, a fake news site registered in Veles, Macedonia. (Photo: Raphael Satter, AP) A large group of local media outlets is taking an aggressive stance against so-called fake news. The Local Media Consortium (LMC), a partnership that includes dozens of newspapers and more than 1,600 outlets, this week released a "manifesto" deeming fake news as "digital propaganda" and pledged to educate readers in an effort to combat its spread. Fake news stories crescendoed during the recent presidential election cycle, with one analysis indicating fake news stories spread more quickly on social media than real news. “It is deeply concerning to see the sheer scope of digital misinformation propagating around the globe, but assuring to see our members and partners band together to address these concerns head-on,” said Christian Hendricks, a vice president with the McClatchy Co., and an LMC executive board member, as part of the group's statement released Wednesday. “We look forward to collaborating with the industry to implement measures that quash the spread of digital propaganda and protect the sustainability of local journalism – one of the principles on which the LMC was founded.” USA TODAY Can the fake news trend be de-escalated? Other LMC members include Boston Globe Media, Newsday, Tronc (owner of the Los Angeles Times) and Seattle Times. More than 75 local media companies in top markets across the U.S. and Puerto Rico belong to the consortium. Its audience has 155 million unique monthly visitors, the LMC says. The spread of fake news lead the LMC to take action, not only to help prevent its spread, but also to tout local news' veracity, said Rusty Coats, the group's executive director. "We wanted to reinforce that news is local … and get the message out there’s a lot of ways to protect against fake news or digital propaganda or misinformation and one of the ways is to get to know the people covering your community." In addition to educational information about how to spot fake news online, the LMC's members will work with its digital advertising partners such as Google, Yahoo and Monster.com to vet "dubious news sites," and refuse "to do business with digital propaganda pushers," the group says. The consortium will also develop its own content-sharing network of approved content and create a national monitoring system to alert member outlets about possible fake news content and sites. "Everyone has some amount of culpability in this," Coats said. "Advertisers sometimes don’t know where their ads are running. Readers sometimes are drawn into stuff they haven’t fully vetted … and publishers sometimes are caught off guard or will take syndicated information (through) a content network that is not verified or is even trustworthy." Follow USA TODAY reporter Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider. 218 CONNECTTWEET 52 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k2xD6X NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Rumors point to bigger screen and AI assistant for upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 Relaxnews (AFP) 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Explorer's ashes to be buried beside his hero Six Britons killed in minibus crash in Saudi Arabia © Provided by AFPRelaxNews Samsung chose not to unveil its Galaxy S8 smartphone at this year's CES tech show. From a borderless display and latest-gen components to a new AI assistant, Samsung's upcoming flagship smartphone is stirring up all kinds of rumors. The most recent rumor suggests that the phone will start shipping on April 15, according to ETNews. Meanwhile a promotional video for AMOLED screens posted online by Samsung Display features a never-before-seen smartphone with a borderless display that covers the device's front face almost entirely. This could be some kind of prototype for the upcoming Galaxy S8. After all, Samsung could be keen to release a device similar in style to the Xiaomi Mi Mix, designed by Philippe Starck, which has a 6.4-inch virtually borderless display covering more than 90% of the phone's front surface. A borderless design could make for an increase in screen size. In fact, Samsung could load its Galaxy S8 with a curved 6-inch screen while maintaining the form factor of the current Galaxy S7 edge. A borderless display could also mean ditching the home and navigation buttons previously located just under the screen. A leak of what are purported to be renders of the handset suggest that it would come in two sizes, with one a Galaxy S8 Plus, notes GSMArena. Speaking of screens, the Galaxy S8 is expected to be the firm's first model to come with technology comparable to Apple's Force Touch or Huawei's Press Touch, varying touchscreen functionality in relation to how hard users press the display. Another major new feature expected in the Galaxy S8 is an artificial-intelligence-powered assistant called Bixby, based on the technology behind the Viv virtual assistant, which can respond to questions formulated in natural language. It could shape up to be a tough competitor for Google Assistant, Alexa (Amazon) and Cortana (Microsoft). As for components, the Samsung Galaxy S8 is likely to come loaded with cutting-edge tech, including a latest-gen processor like the Snapdragon 835 (principally for the USA) or the Exynos 8895 (for the rest of the world), matched with 6 GB of RAM. As yet, it's not clear whether the phone will get iris scanning technology, a dual camera, or whether Samsung could ditch the mini-jack in favor of a USB Type-C port. While Samsung often launches phones in the lead up to the Mobile World Congress, held in Barcelona, Spain and this year running February 27 to March 2, the latest leaks suggest it may in fact be unveiled later at a standalone event in April. It's likely to go on sale shortly afterward and will no doubt play a key role in boosting the South Korean tech firm's image in the smartphone market after last year's exploding Note 7 fiasco. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Jan 19, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Why Trump is making some business leaders nervous Those who spoke out against the US president-elect must wait to see what he may do Wed, Jan 18, 2017, 05:00 Ciarán Hancock Donald Trump: Last July, more than 140 inventors, entrepreneurs, engineers, investors, researchers and business leaders in the technology sector wrote a protest letter against him. Photograph: Dominick Reuter/AFP/Getty Images         With Donald Trump’s inauguration as the 45th president of the United States just two days away, there must be quite a few business leaders who are nervously wondering what retribution might be coming their way following their criticisms of the property magnate before polling day, or the support given to his rival Hillary Clinton. Among them might be Tony Smurfit, the head of Irish listed packaging group Smurfit Kappa and son of Michael Smurfit. On November 2nd, just days before the presidential poll, my colleague Joe Brennan reported on how Smurfit had signalled that the group’s appetite for deals in the US would wane in the event of Trump winning the election. “I think it’s just still unbelievable we could be contemplating a Donald Trump victory,” he told The Irish Times after the company posted its third-quarter results. “I think the world will take a more cautious approach [on US investments].” While he said that “America still remains a major opportunity” for Smurfit Kappa, the prospect of doing deals – with Trump in charge of the White House – would be affected, given the candidate’s protectionist stance on international trade. “Assuming Hillary [Clinton] wins, it won’t change anything,” he said, referring to the company’s interest in US acquisitions. Global targets To be fair, many Irish business leaders would have shared Smurfit’s thoughts and concerns, though perhaps not so publicly. Luckily for Smurfit, he is probably well down the list of global business leaders that Trump might want to target. Tump has had the hump with US department store retailer Macy’s since 2015 after it dumped his branded merchandise in the wake of him calling immigrants from Mexico and other countries rapists and criminals. On January 7th 2016 Trump tweeted: “@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&P last year, plunging 46 per cent. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.” ADVERTISEMENT In a tweet the following month, he called for a boycott of Apple’s products for refusing to give information to US authorities regarding Islamic terrorists. PepsiCo, Dell, Dreamworks and Netflix were others placed on a boycott list by Trump supporters. A number of global business leaders were critical of Trump and supported Clinton’s campaign, including Netflix’s chief executive and co-founder Reed Hastings. “Trump would destroy much of what is great about America,” he said. Others to lend their support to Clinton were Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, which is Google’s parent company, Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook, Airbnb co-founder and chief executive Brian Chesky, and Warren Buffet, whose Berkshire Hathaway company has provided subordinated debt to State-owned Irish health insurer VHI. Last July, more than 140 inventors, entrepreneurs, engineers, investors, researchers and business leaders working in the technology sector wrote a protest letter against Trump. “We believe in an inclusive country that fosters opportunity, creativity and a level playing field. Donald Trump does not,” the letter stated. “He campaigns on anger, bigotry, fear of new ideas and new people, and a fundamental belief that America is weak and in decline. Disaster for innovation “We have listened to Donald Trump over the past year and we have concluded: Trump would be a disaster for innovation. His vision stands against the open exchange of ideas, free movement of people, and productive engagement with the outside world that is critical to our economy – and that provide the foundation for innovation and growth.” Among those who signed the letter were Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple, Jeremy Stoppelman, the chief executive of Yelp, Pierre Omidyar, founder of eBay, and Dustin Moskovitz, co-founder of Facebook. In a rant on Twitter in December, Trump warned that any business that left the US, fired employees or built a factory in another country would be hit with a border tax of 35 per cent when they seek to sell their products into the US. “Please be forewarned prior to making a very expensive mistake! The United States is open for business,” he said, ignoring the obvious contradiction. In a tweet on January 5th, Trump had a cut at Japanese car maker Toyota for announcing a new plant in Mexico to build Corollas. “No Way! Build plant in US or pay big border tax.” And on and on it goes. Trump’s clear message to corporate America is that he’s not to be ignored or crossed. Tony Smurfit might want to revise his strategy. Twitter: @CiaranHancock1       Topics: US Election Brian Chesky Donald Trump Dustin Moskovitz Eric Schmidt Hillary Clinton Jeremy Stoppelman Michael Smurfit Pierre Omidyar Reed Hastings Sheryl Sandberg Steve Wozniak Tony Smurfit White House Airbnb Apple Berkshire Hathaway Dell Computer Facebook Google Macy's Netflix PepsiCo Smurfit Kappa Toyota eBay Read More The hidden property timebomb? Long-term mortgage arrears Budget 2017: the measures designed to soften blow of Brexit Opinion: Apple’s Irish ‘sweetheart’ deal unfair to taxpayers Opinion: Let’s look to Munster for the future Theresa May’s Brexit speech: What her EU exit strategy means for Ireland North ‘deeply worried’ about future of cross-Border trade Davos: Kerry defends Obama’s economic record Irish business groups concerned over ‘aggressive’ Brexit stance Oxfam report reveals ‘obscene’ gap between rich and poor Davos: Chinese president defends globalisation at forum Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Technology Facebook-owned Oculus recruits 9 engineers for new Cork office Technology The Force is strong with Propel’s Star Wars Battle Quads Other Sports Floyd Mayweather is free to do what he wants, Conor McGregor is not Economy The five biggest Irish threats from a hard Brexit Sponsored Retiring with financial security to the serenity of the Wicklow hills Opel OnStar puts personal assistance in the driving seat Plan your financial future and enjoy your dream retirement Leading the dance: 'Growing up competing I learned the drive to keep going' ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business New banking rules to increase aircraft lessors’ borrowing costs 15:40 Facebook-owned Oculus recruits 9 engineers for new Cork office 15:15 Consumer prices remain unchanged in December 14:57 Kenny rules out 2017 election, says optimistic about economy 14:41 US packaging group plans 95 new jobs in Derry 14:15 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 The five biggest Irish threats from a hard Brexit 2 M50, Port Tunnel users should not pay VAT on tolls, EU court rules 3 We must beware Julian Assange’s opportunism 4 Joe Biden: Putin working to undermine European project 5 Facebook-owned Oculus recruits 9 engineers for new Cork office 6 Ardagh to refinance $1.3bn of debt as IPO planned 7 Irish firms ‘woefully unprepared’ for new EU data protection law 8 Kenny rules out 2017 election, says optimistic about economy 9 Irish technology company begins working with Microsoft’s Augmented Reality headset 10 Goldman may cut London staff by 50% on Brexit Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 19/1/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Mobile Alexa Gives Amazon a Powerful Data Advantage Millions of people talking with Alexa could help Amazon fight off Google in the home voice assistant market. by Tom Simonite January 18, 2017 Amazon is estimated to have sold more than five million Echo devices, which have the voice-activated Alexa assistant inside. “Hey, Alexa”—a phrase that millions of people call out at home just before telling Amazon their desires at that moment. All those people asking Alexa to order kitchen supplies, turn on the lights, or play music gives Amazon a valuable stockpile of data that it could use to fend off competitors and make breakthroughs in what voice-operated assistants can do. Recommended for You Mathematical Model Reveals the Patterns of How Innovations Arise For $149 a Month, the Doctor Will See You as Often as You Want Questionable “Young Blood” Transfusions Offered in U.S. as Anti-Aging Remedy Will Science Have a Seat at President Trump’s Table? One Man’s Quest to Hack His Own Genes Recommended for You Mathematical Model Reveals the Patterns of How Innovations Arise For $149 a Month, the Doctor Will See You as Often as You Want Questionable “Young Blood” Transfusions Offered in U.S. as Anti-Aging Remedy Will Science Have a Seat at President Trump’s Table? One Man’s Quest to Hack His Own Genes “There are millions of these in households, and they’re not collecting dust,” Nikko Strom, a speech-recognition expert and founding member of the team at Amazon that built Alexa and Echo, said at the AI Frontiers conference in Santa Clara, California, last week. “We get an insane amount of data coming in that we can work on.” Strom said that data had already helped the company make progress on a longstanding challenge in speech recognition known as the cocktail party problem, where the challenge is to pick out a single voice from a hubbub of many people talking. Initially Alexa could easily tell that someone had called out its name, but—like other voice-recognition systems—it struggled to know which words being said around it were the request being issued. Then Strom’s team developed a system that notes characteristics of a voice that calls out “Alexa” and uses them to home in on the words of the person asking for help. The data Amazon is amassing to take on problems like that could be unique. Standard datasets available for training and testing speech recognition systems don’t usually include audio captured in home environments, or using microphone arrays like that the Echo uses to focus on speech from a particular direction, says Abeer Alwan, a professor at University of California, Los Angeles, who works on speech recognition. “People have been toying with microphone arrays for a long time but I don’t think there has been a deployment at the scale Amazon is talking about,” says Alwan. More data on a particular scenario or type of speech usually translates into better performance, she says. Strom said he also hopes that his team’s data trove could eventually help upgrade Alexa to being able to follow two people speaking simultaneously. “It’s hard, but there’s been some progress,” he said. “It’s super interesting for us if we could solve that problem.” Strom didn’t say what Alexa might be able to do once that problem is solved. But it might make it more natural for multiple people to interact with an Echo or other device at once, whether that’s kids peppering Alexa with questions or their parents rattling off a shopping list. The data piling up from Alexa could also help Amazon fend off Google’s Echo competitor, Google Home, which launched late last year. Google can draw on years of work in Web search and voice search, and sizeable investments in artificial intelligence. But its previous products and businesses don’t naturally collect speech like that of a person calling out to a device in the home, or on the same type of requests people ask home assistants to serve. Amazon is probably hoping that this contest turns out like the Web search market. Research has suggested that one reason Google’s dominance couldn’t be shaken by startups or well-funded competitors such as Microsoft was that Google had piles more data on what people search for and click on. Early reviews of Google Home have generally said that it and Amazon’s products are broadly similar, each with their own strong points. And Google is presumably working hard to learn all it can from the data coming in from its new product. But it will take some time for that flow of information to rival what Amazon is getting. Analysts estimated last November that over five million Echo devices had been sold since its launch two years prior, and Amazon said last month that Echo devices were the top seller over the holiday season. Alexa is also set to start appearing in products, such as speakers, cars, and fridges, from other companies. Learn more about machine learning at EmTech Digital 2017. Register now Tagged Amazon, Echo, machine learning, artificial intelligence, AI, Alexa, EmTech Digital 2017, MIT Technology Review Events, Nikko Strom, Voice Interfaces, virtual assistants Credit Image courtesy of Amazon Tom Simonite San Francisco Bureau Chief I’m MIT Technology Review’s San Francisco bureau chief and enjoy a diverse diet of algorithms, Internet, and human-computer interaction with chips on the side. I lead our coverage of new ideas from Silicon Valley, whether they spring from tech… More giants, new startups, or academic labs. My journey to the West Coast started in a small English market town and took in the University of Cambridge, Imperial College London, and five years writing and editing technology news coverage at New Scientist magazine. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Mobile How ubiquitous information and communication are transforming our lives. For $149 a Month, the Doctor Will See You as Often as You Want A health-care startup is using fancy digs, fitness trackers, and a membership fee to change doctor visits. by Rachel Metz This $500 Tablet Brings Words to Blind Users’ Fingertips The first of its kind, the device will include a touch screen and 14-line Braille display. by Rachel Metz New Camera Can See Around Corners Chinese scientists have built a camera capable of photographing objects it can’t directly see. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv More from Mobile From Our Advertisers Presented by IEEE Collabratec The Connected City: Trends and Developments Driving Smart City Innovation Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Allegheny Amazon opens 'machine translation' office in Pittsburgh Aaron Aupperlee | Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, 4:39 p.m. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Brooke Sumner, receptionist for Amazon’s South Side Works office, greets visitors Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016, as the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Andrew Moore, Dean of the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University applauds speakers at Amazon’s South Side Works office Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016, when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Council President Bruce Kraus, seen though an iPhone reads a proclamation proclaiming Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016, Amazon Day at Amazon's South Side Works office when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Tin Franovic, software engineer at Amazon works at Amazon's South Side Works office when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Severin Hacker, CTO of Duolingo speaks to the crowd at Amazon's South Side Works office when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Work space at at Amazon's South Side Works office is shown when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review A software engineer who preferred to not be named works at Amazon's South Side Works office when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Work space at at Amazon's South Side Works office is shown when the tech giant officially opened its first corporate office in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Andrew Russell | Tribune-Review Amazon officially opened its first corporate office at South Side Works, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2016. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Another tech heavyweight has established a Pittsburgh presence. Seattle-based Amazon officially opened a small corporate office Tuesday in South Side Works. The 50 Amazon employees will work on machine translation and in departments like Alexa, the digital assistant in Amazon's Echo device, and Amazon Web Services, the company's cloud-computing arm, said Bill Kaper, general manager of the new Pittsburgh office and a Butler County native. “Pittsburgh is a city of phenomenal tech talent. Both CMU and the University of Pittsburgh are training some of the best and brightest software engineers and research scientists,” Kaper said. Alon Lavie, an adjunct faculty member at the Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University and senior manager at Amazon's Pittsburgh office in charge of the machine translation research and development group, said his group is developing technology that will help Amazon business groups translate their products and services into all the languages in which the company operates. Amazon acquired in September 2015 a CMU spin-off company founded by Lavie and a fellow professor, Robert Olszewski. Safaba Translation Solutions developed automated translation products for large companies like Dell and PayPal. Cubicles filled most of the workspace. There is a lounge with a pingpong table and checkerboard and a kitchen. A poster of a cat floating in outer space with lasers coming out of its eyes and grasping at a slice of pepperoni pizza hung on a pillar in the office. Kaper said the office culture would be similar to Amazon's headquarters in Seattle, where employees can take their dog to work and wear shorts and flip-flops. The office first opened in August. Tech giants Apple, Microsoft, Uber, Google, Facebook and others have offices scattered throughout Pittsburgh. Amazon operates a sort center in the West End neighborhood of Fairywood that employs hundreds, but its South Side office is the first to tap into Pittsburgh's tech talent pool. Andrew Moore, dean of CMU's School of Computer Science, said Amazon locating its translation work in Pittsburgh makes sense. Amazon's technology relies on artificial intelligence to translate. Pittsburgh, Moore said, is the birthplace of AI. “As that history has carried along, it has been wonderful to see how it affected the economic development of Pittsburgh with wonderful opportunities such as the one Amazon is beginning today to bring in whole new revolutionary technologies into the world and introduce them from Pittsburgh,” Moore said. Amazon also gave a $10,000 donation to Community Human Services, where some of its employees have volunteered since coming to Pittsburgh. Jon Hoffmann, COO of Community Human Services, said the money will operate the organization's food pantry for a month and will service 2,000 and provide 24,000 pounds of produce. Aaron Aupperlee is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach Aupperlee at aaupperlee@tribweb.com or 412-336-8448. More Allegheny Mother of son at center of Woodland hills principal controversy seeks justice Two arrested on drug charges after police respond to shooting call in Marshall-Shadeland Woman shot through window of house in Arlington For Steelers fans, it's so easy to hate Brady, Belichick and the Patriots Pittsburgh town hall tackles racially charged issues TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending For Steelers fans, it's so easy to hate Brady, Belichick and the Patriots Pittsburgh Mills mall in Frazer sells for $100 Florida receiver with 'freakish athleticism' verbally commits to Pitt Twitter Feed A Twitter List by Pittsburgh Tribune-Review staff Week in Pictures Steeler Nation, wildlife and high school hoops (Jan. 9 - Jan. 16) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
    Follow Sign In press enter to search Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In Sign In HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     Register/ Sign In most viewed Reports: Mark Zuckerberg to visit Indonesia to discuss fake news Nope, Lindsay Lohan didn’t convert to Islam Harry Potter-themed café opens in Singapore Chinese star Andy Lau fractures spine from horse riding accident Three underrated Indonesian folktales that teach us a little more about life Science & Tech Microsoft veteran will help run Chinese search giant Baidu News Desk Bloomberg | Wed, January 18, 2017 | 10:33 am Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Qi Lu now shoulders responsibility for steering Baidu toward its next phase of growth. (Bloomberg/David Paul Morris) Baidu Inc. has appointed former Microsoft Corp. executive Qi Lu its group president and chief operating officer, granting the software industry veteran oversight over all aspects of the Chinese search giant’s business from sales to technology development. Lu, an architect of Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella’s strategy for artificial intelligence and bots at Microsoft, will take up his new post with immediate effect, Baidu said in an e-mailed statement Tuesday. Every Baidu business unit head will report to Lu, a respected technologist who ran the Office and search groups during his tenure at Microsoft. Lu now shoulders responsibility for steering Baidu toward its next phase of growth. China’s largest search engine and its billionaire founder, Robin Li, is seeking to refocus on enhancing search with AI and other technologies, as rivals such as Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. muscle in on its internet-advertising business.  “Any time you have stronger depth in the management team, that has to be a good thing,” said Kirk Boodry, an analyst at New Street Research. “Maybe this allows Robin to take more of a chairman role and focus more on the technology, focus more on the strategy for the company going forward.” (Read also: Jack Ma bets $2.6 billion he can revamp China retail sector) Lu’s tenure at Microsoft overlapped with that of Steve Ballmer, whose stewardship of the company has been criticized for missing some of the biggest trends in technology, including social media and mobile. Its Bing search engine, which Lu helped develop, never managed to make much headway against Google’s. The executive departed the U.S. software company last year for health reasons. Baidu itself is coming off a turbulent year, when a scandal involving online medical ads prompted tighter government restrictions that constricted its ad business, while an attempt to sell off video-streaming unit iQiyi to a consortium led by Li collapsed after investor protests. Li has now flagged AI as the next key profit driver for the business. Lu, who holds more than 40 U.S. patents, joins as Baidu focuses on research into advanced technologies such as AI and autonomous cars. The company considers AI development fundamental to its future, but it could be looking at a very long-term horizon. “To achieve our goals, especially in artificial intelligence, which is a key strategic focus for the next decade, we will need to continue attracting the best global talent,” Li said in Tuesday’s statement. “With Dr. Lu on board, we are confident that our strategy will be executed smoothly and Baidu will become a world-class technology company and global leader in AI.” By working with speaker-maker Harman International Industries Inc., Baidu wants to create a smart device that, like Amazon’s Echo, can understand spoken commands and order food or summon cars. The Chinese search giant is also trying to exert its own influence on the rapidly deepening field. It released its “PaddlePaddle” software on GitHub, letting AI enthusiasts freely make use of the development tools. The move resembles Google’s release of TensorFlow in an attempt to set the standard on AI programming. — With assistance by David Ramli Tags : Microsoft,Baidu,China,Qi-Lu,technology follow JPLUS     Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories Entertainment 02:02 pm American Humane investigating treatment of dog in film Entertainment 01:42 pm 'Dangal' named highest grossing Bollywood movie of all time Entertainment 12:03 pm Upcoming Java Jazz eyes more festivalgoers NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Inauguration 2017 News Bear Briefs Campus Region State National International West ARTS SING Art Events Fashion Film and Television Food Puzzle Solutions Literature Music Opinion Editorials Points of View Blogs D.C. Blogs Blog Archives Lariat Letters Sports Football Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Baseball and Softball Soccer and Volleyball Acrobatics & Tumbling and Equestrian Cross Country and Track & Field Tennis Golf Pro Sports Sports Takes Multimedia Lariat TV News Podcasts Don’t Feed the Bears Frankly My Dear Public Square Slideshows Special Issues Donald Trump: Now What? In the Spotlight Russell Athletic Bowl Humans of Waco Advertise Search 50.4 F Waco, TX Thursday, January 19, 2017 About us Staff Copyright Advertise Contact Contact Information Letters to the Editor Subscribe Employment PDF Archives Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. The Baylor Lariat Inauguration 2017 News Bear Briefs Campus Region State National International West ARTS SING Art Events Fashion Film and Television Food Puzzle Solutions Literature Music Opinion Editorials Points of View Blogs D.C. Blogs Blog Archives Lariat Letters Sports Football Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Baseball and Softball Soccer and Volleyball Acrobatics & Tumbling and Equestrian Cross Country and Track & Field Tennis Golf Pro Sports Sports Takes Multimedia Lariat TV News Podcasts Don’t Feed the Bears Frankly My Dear Public Square Slideshows Special Issues Donald Trump: Now What? In the Spotlight Russell Athletic Bowl Humans of Waco Advertise Home Opinion Editorials Fight the fake news folly Opinion Editorials Fight the fake news folly By Baylor Lariat - January 17, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter At the end of each year, Oxford Dictionaries selects a word that the editors feel is the best summation of the previous 12 months. In 2015, the “Word of the Year” was an emoji, specifically the “crying tears of joy” emoji, and was chosen because it seemed the best reflection of the general global attitude and preoccupations. To represent 2016, though, Oxford Dictionaries has chosen a word that carries with it a significantly greater weight: post-truth. According to the Oxford Dictionaries website, post-truth is defined as “relating to or denoting circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief.” In simpler terms, the word of the year represents a situation where the emotional responses elicited by a subject are given more credence than facts and the truth of the matter, a definition which draws to mind not only the passion-filled election, but also the torrent of “fake news” that has essentially defined this campaign season. From reports that Hillary Clinton was using a pizza shop as the base of a child sex trafficking ring to stories stating Donald Trump had a heart attack on election night, fake news — which widely encompasses any news that is deliberately fictitious — has infiltrated our Facebook and Twitter feeds. Often, these “fake news” stories have no factual basis whatsoever and only serve to inflame supporters on both sides, fostering hate and frustration in a time where we should really be working to unite and grow past our differences. These fake news stories are spread each time we like, share or retweet a falsified report, and in doing so, we are only perpetuating a problem that has already grown large enough to be recognized by Oxford Dictionaries in their “Word of the Year” and by Politifact as their “Lie of the Year.” While many news organizations are entirely reputable, it is our responsibility as conveyers of information to be suspicious of the stories that appear on our dashboards and scroll across our screens. News media is bigger than just major news organizations. We all work to disseminate the stories and reports we read, and when we spread fake news, deliberately or unintentionally, we become part of the problem. As we move toward Trump’s inauguration at the end of the week, it is more important than ever that we begin to rebuild the bridges burned during this tumultuous campaign season. That doesn’t mean we should stop publicly protesting issues with which we disagree or showing our support for the things we believe in, but it does mean we need to stop perpetuating fake news stories that only serve to incite anger and a sense of injustice. Fact-check news stories before you repost — it takes only seconds to Google whether or not Democrats were really reported supporting the imposition of Islamic Law in Florida. Corroborate stories on widely read or mainstream news sites — let us assure you, if something that controversial actually occurs, it will be widely reported. And, perhaps most importantly, don’t invalidate stories you disagree with by calling them “fake news” if they truly aren’t. Professional news organizations are tasked with disseminating information regardless of whether it will be popularly received: just because we don’t agree with something a story reports does not necessarily mean it isn’t true. By all means, hold the media accountable, but don’t let individual biases outweigh the facts of a situation. While 2016 may have been the year of post-truth and fake news, we have an opportunity to move forward in the new year and a responsibility to stop our part in the perpetuation of untrue or inaccurate news. Be suspicious of the stories you see on your Facebook and Twitter newsfeeds. Don’t believe everything you read, and fact-check what you share. Hold news organizations to a high standard, if only so that the word of the year for 2017 won’t insinuate that we don’t value the truth. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Baylor Lariat http://baylorlariat.com RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR There’s still climbing to do Drive friendly: the Texas way How social media makes us anti-social Follow us on Twitter Tweets by @bulariat Follow us on Instagram @baylorlariat 1,890 Followers Follow Today’s issue EDITOR PICKS Texans take to D.C. to witness Trump’s inauguration National January 18, 2017 OU football player turns himself in for Waco robberies Campus January 18, 2017 BLR suggests major changes to Board of Regents’ governance Campus January 18, 2017 POPULAR POSTS Don’t Feed the Bears — Depth Chart Reveal Don't Feed the Bears May 8, 2015 Buzzfeed quizzes go viral, connect people online Arts and Life February 25, 2014 Don’t Feed the Bear – Basketball winding down Don't Feed the Bears March 4, 2015 POPULAR CATEGORY News3996 Campus2724 Sports2205 Opinion1376 Arts and Life1319 National907 Points of View872 Region803 Bear Briefs772 ABOUT USArticles, photos, and other works by staff of The Baylor Lariat are Copyright © Baylor® University. All rights reserved. FOLLOW US ©
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video Bonds trade in narrow range as markets await Trump’s inauguration Meanwhile, as the market had expected, the European Central Bank kept interest rates and its stimulus plans unchanged from December Most Read Gloomy consumers to weigh on JSE on Thursday 10 hours ago Rand weakens on disappointing consumer inflation data 23 hours ago MARKET WRAP: Trade cautious ahead of key international events 22 hours ago Columnists Editorials Letters Davos: a changing of the guard? Since Donald Trump’s election on the back of a ‘US First’ principle, Xi Jinping is seeking to position China as the champion of global free trade, writes Arno Lawrenz Most Read Tradition or travesty in ANC succession 11 hours ago BL PREMIUM BRUCE'S LIST: Has the Gupta lifeboat already sunk? 1 day ago BL PREMIUM EDITORIAL: Get ready for Trump’s world 12 hours ago Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Cops face off in dramatic raid of acting commissioner Kgomotso Phahlane’s home Police in marked and unmarked vehicles descended on the estate, with those in the marked cars trying to block the Ipid investigators from entering Most Read Former Parliament employee cross-examines CCMA over promotion 2 hours ago Why MPs decided not to call Hlaudi Motsoeneng 5 hours ago Embattled SASSA looking for partners ahead of payments handover 3 hours ago ANC is behind Western Cape fires, a man alleges in anonymous recording But the party says the ‘irresponsible’ claims in the recording are part of a propaganda campaign by ‘right-wing agents’ trying to create political instability Most Read ANC faces coalition split 11 hours ago Zuma, spies, smugglers and the killing fields of Marikana 3 days ago Western Cape ANC wants state-capture leaders to face integrity commission 3 days ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism BUSINESS DAY TV: Should Ford fix the Kuga — or replace it entirely Ford Sub-Saharan Africa CEO and President Jeff Nemeth discusses the recall of the Ford Kuga and how the company is managing potential damage to the brand Most Read Stals says public protector misquoted him in Absa report 1 day ago BL PREMIUM State’s truck plan unfeasible, says Isuzu chief 12 hours ago Anglo shortlists bidders for its coal assets 9 hours ago SA economy poised for growth, and a stable repo rate in 2017 SA’s economy is expected to expand, albeit not by much, this year, with ‘benign’ inflation and perkier commodities that will boost the economy Most Read Use tax incentives to woo investors, SA told 12 hours ago BL PREMIUM No interest rate hike expected, say analysts 12 hours ago Black Friday windfall for retail sales 12 hours ago Tanya Cohen is appointed CEO of Business Unity SA Cohen replaces Khanyisile Kweyama, and her responsibilities will include helping Busa support and facilitate transformation Most Read EU chicken import duty increase likely 1 day ago WATCH: Psyche of success with York Zucchi 2 days ago BUSINESS DAY TV: SA will tell Davos that ‘we are open for business’ 2 days ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Outage a setback for Norway digital radio after it tunes out FM Norwegians already unhappy with the country’s switch to digital audio broadcasting had to contend with a three-hour outage on Wednesday Most Read UN weighs in on Gambian president’s refusal to leave office 1 hour ago Theresa May vows to keep UK open for business 2 hours ago ‘Barrow must be allowed to form his government’: SA’s stance on Gambia 3 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Alibaba to aid International Olympic Committee with digital upgrade As part of the deal, Alibaba will open its shopping website to the IOC to sell officially licensed Olympic products, despite worries about counterfeits on its platforms Most Read Man United topple Real Madrid as world's richest football club 9 hours ago Questions over AB’s surprise England move 9 hours ago Despite not playing, De Villiers scores huge bat deal 9 hours ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear INDUSTRY NEWS Another tough year for car makers, buyers Mark Smyth looks at some of the trends we can expect in 2017 Most Read Questions rage despite belated Kuga recall 11 hours ago New Audi SUV set to jump the sedate Q 11 hours ago Comeback kid on a bit of a buzz 11 hours ago Most Read National Thulsie brothers must wait for trial as international evidence sought 17 January 2017 - 13:59 PM Roxanne Henderson Picture: ISTOCK The twin brothers accused of planning acts of terrorism‚ Brandon-Lee and Tony-Lee Thulsie‚ may wait months more to stand trial as the state seeks evidence beyond South African borders. On Tuesday, Prosecutor Chris MacAdam asked the Johannesburg Magistrate’s Court for a final postponement of the case to obtain further evidence from other countries, including the US‚ Turkey and Syria. He said it was unusual but necessary to ask for a postponement until April for this reason. "This is not simply local evidence that can be monitored by the court on a two-week basis. The major issue relates to securing evidence from a number of international states," he said. The brothers, from Newclare, west of Johannesburg‚ were arrested on July 9 last year after their homes were searched and computers and mobile devices taken by police. They face three counts relating to terrorism for their alleged attempts to travel to Syria to join Islamic State and alleged plans to attack US and Jewish interests in SA. MacAdam said the state would‚ in the coming months‚ obtain information from other governments linked to the Thulsie case. According to the state‚ the twins had posted incriminating evidence on their social media accounts. It is seeking access to this information from service providers such as Google through US authorities. "The US also has jurisdiction over the case. They have registered a local case and they will subpoena service providers‚" MacAdam said. US authorities have made themselves available to the National Prosecuting Authority and the police in the last week of March, to go through information provided by these service providers‚ due earlier in that month. MacAdam said the state had also approached Syria‚ Turkey‚ Kenya and Mozambique for information and that diplomatic relations were being used to assist the process. The brothers were allegedly planning to travel to Syria‚ through Turkey. They had allegedly also tried to travel through Mozambique. MacAdam said arrests in Kenya and Britain‚ which recently came to the state’s attention‚ have allegedly also yielded evidence key to the Thulsie case. Advocate Annelene van den Heever‚ for the defence‚ opposed the application by the state‚ arguing that it lacked particularity. For example‚ it had not told the court which social media service providers it was seeking information from and whether such information would be forthcoming‚ she said. Magistrate Pieter du Plessis will hear final arguments on the matter by both parties on Friday. TMG Digital Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. Cops face off in dramatic raid of acting ... National 2. Former Parliament employee cross-examines CCMA ... National / Labour 3. Why MPs decided not to call Hlaudi Motsoeneng National / Media 4. Embattled SASSA looking for partners ahead of ... National Related Articles Thulsie twins’ lawyers to challenge ruling that arrests were legal National Case against terror accused Thulsie twins continues on Thursday National Thulsie twins dispute police evidence ‘linking’ them to terror plot National Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. Cops face off in dramatic raid of acting ... National 2. Former Parliament employee cross-examines CCMA ... National / Labour 3. Why MPs decided not to call Hlaudi Motsoeneng National / Media 4. Embattled SASSA looking for partners ahead of ... National Related Articles Thulsie twins’ lawyers to challenge ruling that arrests were legal National Case against terror accused Thulsie twins continues on Thursday National Thulsie twins dispute police evidence ‘linking’ them to terror plot National Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote Ask MetaFilter querying the hive mind Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Have dabba/tiffin carrier, trying to bring lunch to work more January 17, 2017 7:01 PM   Subscribe As part of a general "Trying to change things up" (with bonus potential savings) push, I'm trying to bring lunch into work more. From a wedding gift, I am also now in possession of a dabba/tiffin-carrier. (Apologies if one term is preferred over the other, Google suggested they're interchangeable) One seems like a solution for another, so any suggested recipes/categories of food (or things to know/avoid in my use & care of this) would be appreciated. If it helps, my dabba has three tiers & I believe is stainless steel. I'm definitely interested in getting more into Indian cooking (Another gift was a masala dabba container), but I don't want to limit my options/use of this to just that, if that makes sense. I suspect some combination of "Rice/noodles, protein in sauce, some sort of vegetables, pickled or otherwise?" should work well as a baseline, but I also suspect I could get a bunch of small corn tortillas to fit in there & do fajitas, for example. Assume fairly good access to ingredients (as far as United States access goes) & a willingness to explore as far as cooking goes. posted by CrystalDave to Food & Drink (7 answers total) 6 users marked this as a favorite   Browsing in the bento cooking community will also give you ideas. Look for "tiffin Bento menus". You'll get a LOT of Japanese recipes, but they also have Western fare. I have this kind of thing, and I also swear by The Moosewood Daily Special, which is nothing but salads and soups that are designed to be mixed and matched and combined. Make a couple salads and a couple soups and mix and match and eat your way through them over the course of the week. posted by EmpressCallipygos at 7:09 PM on January 17 [2 favorites] I have one of these things (one of the thermos-y kinds, but same principal). I love mine because it almost forces me to remember to buy and bring fruit, as carrying around a tiffin with an empty tier just feels sad. Generally, I do leftovers, some kind of fruit, and some kind of snacky thing (anything from chips to baby carrots) or a non-greens-having salad like a greek salad. I've also done stuff like beans and rice in one tier and avocado, sour cream, and salsa in the other, so that I can microwave the first one and then dump the second one on top of it. (Not saying you shouldn't try to cook all kinds of delightful fun things, but do bear in mind that tiffins are also great for just regular-ass leftovers-y lunch.) posted by showbiz_liz at 9:37 PM on January 17 [3 favorites] If you live near a large East Asian population you likely have a Daiso you can go to; bring your tiffin and get a bunch of little things to use inside of it like silicon cups and dividers, tiny cold packs, little reusable containers for condiments. This will expand your options greatly since you can keep stuff separate within each layer as well. Chef salad and dessert: 1. small cold pack plus robust greens, cheese and meat cubes, hard boiled egg. 2. section/cup with chopped roasted peppers and three bean salad, a package of croutons, and a small container of dressing. 3. Container of cut fruit with small bottle of sweetened yogurt and/or wrapped pastry or cookie. Or, if you don't do dessert and you have access to a heating device, do the bottom layer with soup. posted by Mizu at 2:05 AM on January 18 [2 favorites] I have one of those. It's great. Mine has a larger (deeper) bottom tier and two slightly smaller top ones. I go for primary carb in the bottom, so rices, or breads. Something a little goopy in the middle one, where all the protein and flavour is, so a curry, a chilli etc. Then desert in the top. Fruit Salad is great for that. I've had stuff like Bread rolls in the bottom, Haggis and Scrambled Egg in the middle and chocolate buttons in the top. Soup is... risky. Mine doesn't have a full watertight seal, so Curry is fine, soup is iffy. Other options are dedicating a tier to sauces. So I had once chicken wings (Like, 5ish small ones). Then a couple of different sauces in the middle. posted by Just this guy, y'know at 5:16 AM on January 18 Trying to recall all the things I had packed for me in that style lunchbox as a child in India. These were all vegetarian as that was the norm at lunch: Various variety rices: there are a huge variety of these that are commonly made in India including coconut rice, lemon rice, tomato rice and tamarind rice. Many vegetable curries: stir fried okra, potatoes, beets with coconut, green beans with coconut, cabbage etc Tortillas (really rotis or chapathis) with more liquid curries, including rajma (kidney beans), chickpeas etc Many lighter salad type items: carrot salad with cilantro and chili, cucumber salad, tomatoes with a little twist of salt, hard boiled eggs with salt, plain boiled corn on the cob. Fruit from time to time: orange segments, apple slices, guava with salt, watermelon, pineapple with chili powder and salt, pomegranate kernels. posted by peacheater at 9:56 AM on January 18 Just flipped through my phone - every now and then I take photos of my tiffin lunch (to remind myself that it's awesome, when I fall into an always-buying-lunch phase). Some examples: -Blueberries, rice pilaf, feta and olives -Blueberries again, a coconut curry thing left over from a restaurant, one of those mozzarella/cherry tomato/oil/herb salads -Sliced nectarines, pasta with tomato sauce and goat cheese, that mozzarella/tomato thing again -Cherries, ceviche, corn chips for the ceviche The fact that I usually stick with the fruit/main/side thing makes it way easier for me to plan. posted by showbiz_liz at 10:50 AM on January 18 Like someone said here are the 3 layers (starting from top)-- veges lentil carbs posted by metajim at 1:44 PM on January 18 « Older Convert PPT to Website?   |   Looking for a specific “call to action” Newer » You are not logged in, either login or create an account to post comments Related Questions Please help me feed my friends February 19, 2016 Healthy, low-carb work lunches that I can... July 2, 2015 Introduction to Culinary Studies - Portable Edition December 20, 2013 Bento newbie seeks sensei September 16, 2012 indian take out in Los Angeles May 31, 2006 Tags food lunch work dabba tiffin Share Twitter Facebook About Ask MetaFilter Ask MetaFilter is a question and answer site that covers nearly any question on earth, where members help each other solve problems. Ask MetaFilter is where thousands of life's little questions are answered. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,251 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2017 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Zoom raises $100m on $1b valuation, plans to invest in AR and VR Cloud video conferencing company Zoom has achieved unicorn status after raising $100 million in a Series D round that valued it at $1 billion. ByTas Bindi | January 18, 2017 -- 00:30 GMT (16:30 PST) | Topic: Innovation Zoom is the newest member of the unicorn club, having secured $100 million on a billion-dollar valuation. The Series D round was led by Sequoia Capital, with contribution from existing investors Emergence Capital, AME Cloud Ventures, and Qualcomm Ventures. The latest round brings the total amount raised by the cloud video conferencing service to $145.5 million, with the company also claiming to have become cashflow positive from Q3 of 2016. What's Hot on ZDNet Microsoft to continue to partner with Baidu, following former VP Lu's move Intelligence bill drops FBI bid to read Americans' browser history, email records US Army turns to IBM to build, manage private cloud data center HPE buys SimpliVity for $650 million, beefs up hyperconverged system lineup The company's founder and CEO Eric Yuan said Zoom is looking to expand globally and build a developer platform as well as new products and features that incorporate virtual and augmented reality technology. The company also plans to grow its sales and marketing teams and expects to increase its overall employee headcount from 400 to around 600 by the end of 2017. Yuan, an ex-Cisco software engineer, founded Zoom in 2011 with the goal of creating the next generation of WebEx, something he wasn't permitted to carry out at Cisco. In the ensuing years, his company has managed to attract 450,000 businesses and 5,800 education institutions as customers. Zoom claims to have surpassed 15 billion annual meeting minutes, with more than 200 percent YoY growth in meeting minutes from 2015 to 2016. The company wasn't in need of a capital injection, according to Yuan, but took on the opportunity after being approached by Sequoia. VMware veteran and Sequoia partner Carl Eschenbach will also be joining Zoom's board. In addition to the capital raise, Zoom has announced the launch of Zoom 4.0, which has added functionality for enterprises including voice command to control Zoom Rooms and Zoom iOS applications and participant attention indication. It also provides the ability to broadcast video webinars to Facebook Live or YouTube and for multiple participants to share their desktop screens simultaneously. Video conferencing is a crowded space, with Zoom going up against many companies including Citrix, Google, and Microsoft. Taking a slightly different approach, Los Angeles-based software company Solaborate not long ago unveiled a solution that transforms a TV into a communication device for work and home. The company's HELLO device is equipped with a Wi-Fi connection, four microphones, a 4K video sensor, a quad core processor, and voice command controls. "It cuts out the cost of networked conferencing hardware and IT services to install and maintain it. We're truly bringing professional-grade video conferencing to everyone, anywhere, on any device," Solaborate's founder and CEO Labinot Bytyqi said in August 2016. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Blockchain sees data security potential in Singapore Innovation Neurala raises $14m to expand market for NASA-tested AI into drones and cars Innovation Personal data fuels smart city programs Innovation CES 2017 recap: Big trends, top products, and wackiest tech × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Traffic alert Snoqualmie Pass closed overnight due to snow slides, spinouts Business Chinese search giant Baidu hires Microsoft veteran Qi Lu Originally published January 17, 2017 at 6:05 pm Qi Lu, formerly one of Microsoft’s top executives, is joining the Chinese search giant to oversee its operations. Lu came to Microsoft from Yahoo. Share story By Seattle Times staff Bloomberg News Baidu has appointed former Microsoft executive Qi Lu its group president and chief operating officer, granting the software veteran oversight over all aspects of the Chinese search giant’s business from sales to technology development. Lu, an architect of CEO Satya Nadella’s strategy for artificial intelligence and bots at Microsoft, will take up his new post immediately, Baidu said Tuesday. Every Baidu business unit head will report to Lu, a respected technologist who ran the Office and search groups at Microsoft. Lu now shoulders responsibility for steering Beijing-based Baidu toward its next phase of growth. China’s largest search engine and its billionaire founder, Robin Li, are seeking to refocus on enhancing search with artificial intelligence and other technologies, as rivals such as Alibaba Group Holding muscle in on its internet-advertising business.  “Any time you have stronger depth in the management team, that has to be a good thing,” said Kirk Boodry, an analyst at New Street Research. “Maybe this allows Robin to take more of a chairman role and focus more on the technology, focus more on the strategy for the company going forward.” Most Read Stories Christopher Monfort, killer of Seattle police officer, found dead in prison cell Why are home prices so high? Seattle has 2nd-lowest rate of homes for sale in U.S. 50,000 expected to attend Seattle women’s march day after Trump inauguration  WATCH 3 Seattle restaurants that make you feel like you’re far, far away  VIEW Portions of Interstate 84, Interstate 90 closed in ice stormUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Lu, a former Yahoo engineer, joined Microsoft during the tenure of Steve Ballmer, whose stewardship of the company has been criticized for missing some of the biggest trends in technology, including social media and mobile. The company’s Bing search engine, which Lu helped develop, never made much headway against Google’s. An engineer more comfortable working on complicated projects than taking the stage for marketing presentations, Lu was widely respected within Microsoft. In a surprise, he departed the Redmond software company in September for health reasons. Lu was badly injured in a bicycle crash last year, and colleagues say he had tried to return to work too quickly. His recovery would take several more months, the company said, after which he was expected to return in an advisory role. Baidu itself is coming off a turbulent year, when a scandal involving online medical ads prompted tighter government restrictions that constricted its ad business, while an attempt to sell off video-streaming unit iQiyi to a consortium led by Li collapsed after investor protests. Li has now flagged AI as the next key profit driver for the business. Lu, who holds more than 40 U.S. patents, joins as Baidu focuses on research into advanced technologies such as AI and autonomous cars. It considers AI development fundamental to its future. “To achieve our goals, especially in artificial intelligence, which is a key strategic focus for the next decade, we will need to continue attracting the best global talent,” Li said in Tuesday’s statement. “With Dr. Lu on board, we are confident that our strategy will be executed smoothly and Baidu will become a world-class technology company and global leader in AI.” By working with speaker-maker Harman International Industries, Baidu wants to create a smart device that, like Amazon’s Echo, can understand spoken commands and order food or summon cars. Seattle Times technology reporter Matt Day contributed to this report. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story UN report: Asian growth outlook bright despite uncertainty Previous Story Seoul court begins reviewing arrest of Samsung heir Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing How Are Internet Users Watching Live Streaming? Facebook viewership grew slightly, while other platforms slipped January 17, 2017 | Social Media | Video Share Email Print Live video viewership edged lower in the second half of 2016, according to research by the UBS Evidence Lab. It found that 36% of internet users said they watched live video as of November—2 percentage points less than those who reported watching in a June survey by UBS. Though most individual channels saw slight declines in viewership between June and November 2016, Facebook showed a gain. Viewership on Facebook grew from 14% to 17% over the six month period. Facebook's greatest rival, YouTube, lost momentum. Back in June, when UBS conducted its survey, 21% of respondents saying they had watched live-streaming there. By November, only 16% of respondents said they watched live videos on YouTube. Snapchat held on as the third most popular channel for live video consumption, but viewership dropped by 2 percentage points. It's important to note, however, that the slight declines are not necessarily indicative of poor performance of live content on specific platforms. Rather, it points to the infancy of the market, according to eMarketer senior analyst Paul Verna. "The majority of YouTube's content is archived video, as opposed to live, so the Google-owned platform's outsized presence in a list otherwise devoted to live streaming services suggests that survey participants may have interpreted live video as something other than a stream carried in real time," Verna said. Still, it's worth applauding Facebook's efforts, he said. "Facebook's investments in live video are paying off. The data points to a fluid market in which Facebook is emerging as the leader." Facebook introduced Live Videos back in December 2015, and has since doubled down on its commitment to video, introducing new products and tools throughout 2016. Most recently, the company rolled out a dedicated video tab for the Facebook app to make videos easier to find. This move, according to UBS, is likely to further increase live video viewership on Facebook. In the meantime, millennials are the biggest consumers and creators of live video—63% have watched live content and 42% have created it. This article has been updated to correct the current state of live video viewing, according to the UBS survey. —Maria Minsker New in eMarketer PRO This Week Report: Digital Video Advertising Best Practices 2017 Report: Worldwide Digital Video Viewers: eMarketer's Estimates for 2016–2020 Report: B2B Mobile Marketing and Advertising 2017 Not a PRO subscriber? Find out how to become one. Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars For Netflix, Original Content Is the New Black Affluents Buy a Lot, but They Don't Necessarily Buy Fancy Twitter Unclicks Buy Button More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Cross-Device Targeting—What to Watch for in 2017 Mid-Holiday Season Retail Update & Post-Thanksgiving Recap Key Digital Trends for 2017 More Webinars » More on this Topic Social Networks, Video Sites Most Popular for Digital Marketing in China #SocialTrends2017: What to Expect in the New Year Most US Young Adults Watch Mobile Video on Facebook, YouTube Daily Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles »         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung Granted Two Distinctly Different Foldable, Dual Display Smartphone Concept Patents | Main | Microsoft Surprises with a Major Patent Win for Future Foldable Surface Smartphones and Tablets » January 17, 2017 Ex-Apple Employees say the Company is now a Boring Operations Company, Uptight and Too Secretive   In a new CNBC report posted this afternoon partly titled "Tim Cook made Apple a 'boring operations company', we hear from Bob Burrough, a former Apple engineer who said that the invention of the iPhone came, in part, out of the chaos of Apple under co-founder Steve Jobs. Now there's less internal conflict inside Apple — and that's not necessarily a good thing.   Burrough added that "At Apple in 2007, organizationally it was the wild west. I was hired under a particular manager, but for the first two years worked on projects that had virtually nothing to do with that manager's core responsibility. That's because the organization wasn't the priority, the projects were the priority. It was the exact opposite of 'not my job.' It was 'I'm here to solve whatever problems I can, irrespective of my role, my title, or to whom I report.' It was wild. But it was also very rewarding, because everything you did had maximal impact on the product."   But today, the "dynamic has clearly and distinctly changed," and Apple is much closer to his job at Palm, said Burrough, who most recently founded a 3D printing company called Bilt It.   Burrough told CNBC that "Working at Palm, the teams were highly organizational, [hierarchical] and responsibilities were siloed. There was a clear sense that each person had a clear responsibility, and rarely deviated from it. When you went to someone for help solving a problem 'not my job' was a common response."   Tim Cook, who took over as Apple CEO in 2011, has made the company the richest in the world. Apple has nearly doubled its annual revenue under Cook, from $108.2 billion in 2011 to $215.7 billion in 2016. Cook has also replaced challenging leaders from the Steve Jobs era, such as Scott Forstall, who led the iOS platform used on the iPhone and iPad, but reportedly clashed with Cook and other Apple execs.   But while Apple has pumped out money, it has also faced grumbles that it's been slow to innovate in areas like self-driving cars, TV and video, and the Internet of Things. Despite introducing new products like the Apple Watch, the iPhone still makes up the vast majority of Apple's sales each year.   Entrepreneur Steve Blank has likened Cook's leadership to that of Microsoft's Steve Ballmer, who took over from Bill Gates and tripled Microsoft's sales. But under Ballmer, Microsoft missed major opportunities to retain its software dominance as companies like Apple, Google, Facebook and Amazon took the lead on mobile, search, social and cloud.   Burrough said he endorses the comparison between Ballmer and Cook. He went on a tweet storm on Tuesday where he said apple was no longer a "dynamic change-maker."   Sheesh, it must be dump on Apple day because a second story surfaced earlier today covering a company called Pearl Automation, an auto-accessory startup that has 80 employees with 50 of them coming from Apple.   Brian Sander, Pearl's co-founder and chief operating officer said that "Although Apple pays very well, many of the Apple recruits had gotten bored cranking out incremental improvements to the iPhone and the Mac. They were vibrating. It was time for them to do something different."   There are many things the ex-Apple executives loved about Apple and have tried to bring that to Pearl but the closed atmosphere at Apple is definitely one that didn't like and try to be different and open with their teams at Pearl.   One of the executives at Pearl Automation is Brian Latimer who was in charge of protecting some Apple's deepest secrets. Like all Apple employees, he was discouraged from talking about his job with co-workers. The reverse is true at Pearl.   "At Apple, there are a few people in the company that decide what needs to be done, and everyone else is executing," said Rishabh Bhargava, Pearl's director of hardware, who formerly worked on the iPod and iPhone.   At Pearl, he said, the engineering team has a voice in coming products and features, as well as the product design. For more on that story check out the report from TheRecord here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on January 17, 2017 at 06:17 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Invents Dynamic Cinemagraph Presentations South Korea's Court Announces that Samsung's Heir Apparent won't be arrested as Prosecutors Requested Samsung's Vice Chairman Lee was Banned by Korea's Special Prosecutor from the Leaving the Country to Meet with Trump Apple's GarageBand and Logic Pro X Music Apps get Major Updates Today Microsoft Surprises with a Major Patent Win for Future Foldable Surface Smartphones and Tablets Ex-Apple Employees say the Company is now a Boring Operations Company, Uptight and Too Secretive Samsung Granted Two Distinctly Different Foldable, Dual Display Smartphone Concept Patents The U.S. Fair Trade Commission Sues Qualcomm for Forcing Apple to use its Chips in iDevices GM set to invest another Billion Dollars at Several U.S. Plants Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Alex is a single man, and his ex calls in to set the record straight. Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - Christian Fauria prank calls Pittsburgh sports radio, and one of the hosts calls back 1-18-17 Dale & Holley   Roger Goodell wanted to come to Foxboro but was told not to? Yeah right. Weekend Shows   NFL SUNDAY -- Pete, Price and Thornton talk about the two divisional playoff games set for later today -- 1-15-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 48: John Ziegler - Penn State Scandal Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story David Price says in interview he's not opting out of contract, heard... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Wondering about evolution of Red Sox clubhouse? Jackie... Which current Red Sox will make it into Cooperstown? Dustin... Latest Columns Red Sox lineup may not be as good as we think, and here are some poten... Tim Raines was a great player -- here's why I'm not voting h... Latest Audio Hot Stove Show Hour 2 - Hall of Fame candidates losing and... Hot Stove Show Hour 1 - Reacts to the 2017 Hall of Fame... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story Patriots defense looks good on paper, but with lack of competition real answer... by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Phil Simms really likes Patriots secondary: ‘The most... Bart Scott compares Patriots to Duke, Christian Laettner,... Latest Columns Forget social media drama, 'Gold Standard' Patriots have it... Le'Veon Bell's style may be his own, but there's some B... Jan 22 NE Pit Latest Audio NFL Network's Heath Evans with Dale, Holley and Keefe Special Teams Captain Matthew Slater on Patriots Monday Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story While we wait on Roger Goodell's return, let's remember our original... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Al Horford on Wednesday’s shooting struggles: ‘It just... Celtics learn lesson the hard way that Isaiah Thomas won’t... Latest Columns Al Horford made right decision to see his kid's birth -- is this... Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach Final Bos 106 NY 117 Latest Audio Celtics Podcast - Isaiah Thomas' flagrant foul, and it's... Celtics Podcast - Isaiah Thomas' injury and keeping Marcus... Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Bruins won't make playoffs without big run like rest of East -- but can... by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Admiral’s mailbag: Is this really Claude Julien’s fault? Future of Bruins coach Claude Julien uncertain after... Latest Columns Numbers be damned, Bruins could survive Tuukka Rask injury Firing Claude Julien should be last option for B's GM Don Sweeney Final SO Det 6 Bos 5 Latest Audio SUNDAY SKATE with K&C's Ken Laird, Barstool Sports' Rear... SUNDAY SKATE with K&C's Ken Laird, Barstool Sports' Rear... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB MLB Trade Ideas Based on Offseason Week 12 News, Rumors and... MLB Spring Training 2017: The Top 10 Outfielders to Watch NFL Broncos HC Vance Joseph Refutes Sexual Assault Allegations... Andrew Luck Injury: Updates on Colts Star's Recovery from... NBA Joel Embiid: 1st 76er Since Iverson to Have 20-Plus Points... Russell Westbrook Comments on Zaza Pachulia's Hard Foul... NHL Is Jonathan Toews' Slump a Long-Term Concern for Chicago... Ranking the Dirtiest Plays of the 2016-17 NHL Season so Far More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast K&C Tunnel Vision Podcast The Real K&C Podcast Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Late Night with Christian Arcand Hr 4 - The Master of... Late Night with Christian Arcand Hr 3 - AFC Championship... Late Night with Christian Arcand Hr 2 - What was suppose to... Late Night with Christian Arcand HR 1- The secret to... Late Night with Christian Arcand Interview with Tom King... Popular Audio  K&C- Tom Brady on the Texans, Steelers, being a vegan, and... Bill Belichick - We're focused on the AFC Championship, not... Latest Podcast  The Real K&C - Carbon neutral, guns for grizzlies and an Alex No.... The Real K&C - Dot Com Censors, She Bangs & Buzz Words 1-17-17 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Bill Belichick says always an honor to be in AFC championship game Tom Brady says Dion Lewis has meant a lot to the Patriots » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us $39 for 2 Nights at a Major Hotel & Casino... Station Events Pats Playoff Live Broadcast... Fri, 01/20/2017 2:00 pm WEEI with Coors Light at Tom... Sun, 01/22/2017 6:30pm » More Events Contests Win AFC Championship Tickets! Listen on 1/20 at 8am to enter to win Patriots AFC Championship Tickets! Brought to you by Bud Light. WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests Bill Belichick Mike Tomlin Tom Brady Houston Texans New England Patrio.. Pittsburgh Steeler.. Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Dale, Holley and Keefe's Final Drive 01-17-17 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Dale, Holley and Keefe's Final Drive 01-17-17 Jan 18, 2017| We end the day with the best soundbites from throughout the sports world. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Michael how. Richie plus Sports Radio WEEI. Final drive cosponsored by an RS restoration specialists. Regardless of the season a disaster can pitcher commercial residential or medical facility at any time. Get an IRS disaster plan in place make sure your client's employees or tenants are protected. Learn more and error serve dot com now we'll start with the Antonio Brown FaceBook live video today Steelers coach Mike Tomlin addressed the situation. And admonished brown. But this is the cut that stood out most us. He's a great player he's our working player you respect it largely in the locker room for the whole thing which is that this is such as this. You know don't help him in that regard and that's just the reality of it. In a nutshell that's attributed to the new conversation that we have. And the reality is if it did those things that don't apply exclusively to a Antonio. That the global thing in regards to professional sport. I think that's often that's why you see. Great players move around from being detained in I definitely don't want that to be historians review that want that to be his story. And none of us find that what people say they've begun. Lately traded to Iran being a team like I don't know don't. Well maybe not this week I think they'll eventually they're gonna miss a snap this week probably ninth. Ben Roethlisberger also address the situation yesterday on a Pittsburgh radio station. And it put an unfortunate situation that we Tokyo right now. Because that lock and secret place that we can't specify all the media people and that's what fans spam spam aren't there but the bigger place where things and and Hoch frontiers in and you know it's it's probably a special place ball a little disappointed with what they'd be for that I don't think you started it all excited or spirit. You know the world with prayer and all that stuff. It's hard because York started you want your your half the one big game that you've made the split in the game but. I am a little disappointed. You know he. He did that because I haven't figured they go to talk and that I call up your. You know you don't you don't wanna hold you know won't all inherent in the family and and tonight you're also are I was if you look in the coaching myself to support this morning there's been broad and your secret eight due to the point that. You know it that that sacred time. Was kind of violence that little. It's like the worst thing that the parents. Angry discipline is disappointing news on. And worst was when my dad would say you want upstairs to your room all via third. Deal with this and and a nice way to umi sit next to wait and you know little steps to becoming a does. I'm gonna deal with just now get totally made a deal with the our president were dubious to me so Bill Belichick downplayed the situation yesterday telling us that their focuses only on the game now this morning. On Pittsburgh radio station the fan. They played. Our audio. And discuss one of us as well all right this one from WE. In this from. The proposal pulled Michael Holley is radiation dale and Holley. And this is that VA a suburb there Belichick every week it's incredible to me that Belichick doesn't hit with those guys Michael Holley wrote the book on ballot check so. Needed and yes and we and we like my colleague Michael Hawley Pointe park got friends with polls ice we won't hold that against thus hears it like a long time friends of Paul's ice which is amazing. But anyway Belichick was on their show yesterday in his weekly hit and they asked him about all the social media stuff. Any thoughts on on the video on the comments. Well as you know amounts not traditional it's on early get those. But I really just worry about anarchy rated ago really to worry about what they're. With that on the distinction. I think it's contrived. At this point. I think putted two and yes it worked from a for the fake name yes the Belichick knows it's not instant chatter snapped a sort of an Makiko absolutely and to me it's not funny anymore like that that this one now that's all right it's a game and if you're not on the Belichick's game shame on you. He's doing this to have people. Kinda laughed madam instinctive it's clever but it's not it's contrived. These states a big joke the jokes on neo if you think it's still funny does not. What did. Christian are cancer dementia and president Assad. I'd send us an art to it with the Pittsburgh. This really is unless and it's bred at friend at the station Michael Holley a strike spread Paul's eyes. Don't think revolution by the world. But it's contrived to me he's been doing this for ten years and has some guys must stop that I got a god don't buy now funny mark did you hear us laughing in the it is pretty funny I thought if money. I'd another NFL news no big surprise here announced today that commissioner Roger Goodell would be in Atlanta. The NFC championship game once again not in Foxboro for the AFC championship. Former patriot Tedy Bruschi gave his thoughts on it today on ESPN. You know the patriots fans are super passionate and then super loyal. I mean it's it's easy to say all the time that they've that this city has the best fans in the in the National Football League but I will say the loyalty. Of those in Boston and in New England are at. A high point where. It's just more than Tampa Bay is just more than a lot of the cities and they were very loyal to Tom Brady and the New England Patriots when mr. Kraft. And coach Belichick and Tom Brady went up there in front of all to see. And in their opinion told the truth about what happened critically gate and then everything that still happen. There was a lot of animosity for Roger Goodell in New England. That's the truth so I would recommend him not going. I bet it's probably good career move for the oh and. I agree I agree with Teddy it's probably not a go to the game. Most of the game here the commissioner he's going to a game and I don't want him and argue accurately echo some Marcos and the patriots game you'll get somebody's blocks will be happy to have you know it will not be happy every happy no none no matter with the app no one no what did you let's tell you and I don't want somebody be happy to have headings at all it knows that Saturday. Rodriguez now the support appear Ronald Noble and the housing project that their box idle and okay but they are a lot city let's what I said but I told them. We got the only the only one would be if he was sitting in the Steelers box. The Steelers owners boxer excellent would be that only play as you know where he'd be well. Biggest and in Los Angeles Anthony Lynn announced as the new head coach for you are Los Angeles chargers yes it is the Los Angeles chargers Anthony. You know you know. Move on the wrong. I'm so proud music coach Woodson. The only Georgia's boots and I thought hypocrisy to you. Him and we. All yeah well not really well is defend our guard is gonna consumers job. Oops I am wrong. I'm so proud to be their coach Wilson. The only choices hole. Sailors start over the snow lately about it gets better cancel a press conference was carried a lot. On several local TV stations LA in LA but someone apparently forgot to tell that to Anthony. And I have to go back to Bill Walsh remember the days when Bill Walsh gave them a lot of room in 1996. In the ground these that we need at all. Announced that it. Oh but the cut as well go. Okay and Google's low will it take you want to talk to you about some of these were talking about hope you used to have a bit of bite you. As that cold to National Football League. That's. There's going to be five decades or 300 San Diego Chargers though. They are which are gone on to think there are a great songs I love Arthur I talk about it. He had some issues speaking of California and I've seen this it's really good our old friend Joseph Barton. Starring in India and Indian TV ads for the San Jose Sharks with teammate Brent Burns also known as the beard Brothers to the. Proposition wrote this that the promises that they're sitting in the barbershop watching some guy against peer trip this sort of participating in activities. Right I think we're all done. Good well it's also pretty chilly there extraordinaire. I love the way your lawyers drive sleek Ching curtain back some spicy salad you Barack did well not bad it. Cheer for us each year for use. Your tickets and SJ sharks don't come sharks for like two bucket guy not. Are you put. Now Brent Burns is the what it does that you buck imitation of him and I'm usually. Unscripted. Yes and sport loss apparently he just he just totally prepared doesn't. Doing it and you do but you do that via pay you can teach the guys out there Brent Burns fat to do Dow went. There's an upcoming exhibition bock boxing match coming up. Between rapper soldier boy and singer Chris Brown. Can we root for both of them to get knocked out al-Qaeda had a set of social two boys reportedly being trained by Floyd Mayweather that rounds being trained by Mike Tyson and now Mike Tyson has recorded a song. Called boy though to promote the doubt let's just see how he did I. And Isabelle job. Or it's going. Media Domingo and man at all. Being led government every yield 20. Okay. And a teammate. Greatest. And while he went he went there aren't buying it I felt bad at that brings me back to your boy is. Dave dollars today about their that's led their dollar is considered great because. You know most rappers most most athletes do that. That is that is to my my point but he's actually just okay. When compared to other out of the greatest of all time in the middle of the greatest athlete news. Who Shaq that's what. A oh well yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Rarity since June of freedom to do it better be or should I stop road get my card by the fact that I'd Michael. Time to give a little Francis affect you so once again courtesy of our Twitter friend at sports fun house now and Sunday's Green Bay Dallas game. Dallas receiver Brice Butler received a fifteen yard unsportsmanlike penalty when he went in the cowboys Hubble. And then left the field without participating in play now caller asked to sports spoke to clarify what happened to drop the penalty. Nobody could do this better than Mike. To annul but he didn't run the play right they adopted before the play. Our critical critical support York. Oh he ran the play OK well either way it's wrong I mean it's it it it is no they're not gonna say Sonata model is that Europe is saying the trees and are available to join the whole lot of London not play in the planet you know that that's what the penalty years. So I'm not I don't miss what you're saying if he had played the play then there's what there's a penalty. Was a place to play with twelve players. What do you play the play and it does not penalty seat. He left the field that you can't play the plane to be played without. It's a riddle why. Enjoy and hopefully play the plight. Another play with twelve minutes while most feel but the point is. They feed joins the whole level if he has the play the play. If he doesn't it's unsportsmanlike conduct because if the field missiles was like on the play play play the play is a penalty or play. That's the penalty pay to play the play yes what him leaving the field. It isn't applauding no huddle right now participating in a plate. So yes they ran a play but didn't win a plea would have leaving the field he didn't play in the play I play they play and the penalty. I. Sure I'm sorry I missed that you play that again but I 200 are wrong. Yeah I've learned to play are gonna Cleveland an outlet or at W didn't let it debate let the player not the real political event even when the play and he can play if the player plays the play right they don't pay to play. The debate no vote on an Atlanta out of cannot yeah. Final drive also cosponsored by cars for kids don't H card help the child today. Schedule your pre pick up an 877 cars for kids arrive later it was not enough reliable play like forty Clinton play. Much coming up next we'll be back tomorrow Sports Radio W media. They played the play yes when he him leaving the field the penalties and applauding the model without participating in a plane. So yes they ran a play but they ran a play would have leaving the field he didn't play in the play. If you play the players get a penalty. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable01/18/17 11:33 pm EST Patriots defense looks good on [..] - Ryan Hannable01/18/17 11:33 pm EST Patriots defense looks good on paper, but with lack of competition real answer [..] FOXBORO -- Even though the team won't acknowledge it, the Patriots defense turned a [..] + Mike Petraglia01/18/17 07:48 pm EST Forget social media drama, 'Gold [..] - Mike Petraglia01/18/17 07:48 pm EST Forget social media drama, 'Gold Standard' Patriots have it all over Ben [..] FOXBORO - Ben Roethlisberger and Mike Tomlin know the odds are stacked against them this [..] + John Tomase01/18/17 03:03 pm EST Le'Veon Bell's style may be his [..] - John Tomase01/18/17 03:03 pm EST Le'Veon Bell's style may be his own, but there's some BC legend Troy Stradford [..] Watch Le'Veon Bell run, and inevitably you'll ask yourself – has there ever been [..] + Christopher Price01/17/17 11:47 pm EST Taking The Lead: Why a quick start [..] - Christopher Price01/17/17 11:47 pm EST Taking The Lead: Why a quick start for Patriots will spell doom for [..] If history holds, an early lead for the Patriots in Sunday’s AFC title game will [..] + Ty Anderson01/17/17 02:28 pm EST Bruins won't make playoffs without [..] - Ty Anderson01/17/17 02:28 pm EST Bruins won't make playoffs without big run like rest of East -- but can they [..] The Bruins are neither hot or cold. They’re just, well, there. Allowed to drift [..] + Ryan Hannable01/17/17 12:21 pm EST Not attending AFC championship [..] - Ryan Hannable01/17/17 12:21 pm EST Not attending AFC championship game in New England may be Roger Goodell's most [..] What an embarrassment. Roger Goodell will not attend Sunday's AFC championship game in [..] + Big Bad Blog01/19/17 08:41 am EST Admiral’s mailbag: Is this [..] - Big Bad Blog01/19/17 08:41 am EST Admiral’s mailbag: Is this really Claude Julien’s fault? Here it is - After Monday’s no-show and last night’s meltdown, [..] + Big Bad Blog01/18/17 11:42 pm EST Future of Bruins coach Claude [..] - Big Bad Blog01/18/17 11:42 pm EST Future of Bruins coach Claude Julien uncertain after collapse to Red Wings Wednesday at Joe Louis Arena, a 6-5 Bruins shootout loss that ended with the [..] + Green Street01/18/17 11:19 pm EST Al Horford on Wednesday’s [..] - Green Street01/18/17 11:19 pm EST Al Horford on Wednesday’s shooting struggles: ‘It just wasn’t going for me’ The Celtics didn't bring Al Horford to Boston so he could blow everyone away [..] + Green Street01/18/17 11:09 pm EST Celtics learn lesson the hard way [..] - Green Street01/18/17 11:09 pm EST Celtics learn lesson the hard way that Isaiah Thomas won’t save them every fourth quarter It was his time to shine. Down 88-84 entering the fourth quarter, it was the [..] + Green Street01/18/17 10:55 pm EST Avery Bradley could end up [..] - Green Street01/18/17 10:55 pm EST Avery Bradley could end up ‘missing a little bit more time’ with achilles soreness Mere minutes prior to tipoff in the Celtics' 117-106 loss to the Knicks on [..] + Green Street01/18/17 09:53 pm EST Despite loss to Knicks, Jae [..] - Green Street01/18/17 09:53 pm EST Despite loss to Knicks, Jae Crowder proves he’s more valuable to Celtics than Carmelo Anthony could ever be When Phil Jackson divulged over the summer that his biggest regret as president [..] + Red Sox01/13/17 07:57 pm EST David Price says in interview he's [..] - Red Sox01/13/17 07:57 pm EST David Price says in interview he's not opting out of contract, heard racial heckling at Fenway Park Think David Price wants out of Boston so badly that he's counting the days until he can opt [..] + Red Sox 01/12/17 01:36 pm EST Red Sox lineup may not be as good [..] - Red Sox 01/12/17 01:36 pm EST Red Sox lineup may not be as good as we think, and here are some potential holes Lost in the euphoria of Chris Sale and the Three Aces now fronting the Red Sox rotation is [..] + Patriots01/18/17 11:33 pm EST Patriots defense looks good on [..] - Patriots01/18/17 11:33 pm EST Patriots defense looks good on paper, but with lack of competition real answer will come Sunday FOXBORO -- Even though the team won't acknowledge it, the Patriots defense turned a corner in [..] + Patriots 01/18/17 07:48 pm EST Forget social media drama, 'Gold [..] - Patriots 01/18/17 07:48 pm EST Forget social media drama, 'Gold Standard' Patriots have it all over Ben Roethlisberger, Steelers FOXBORO - Ben Roethlisberger and Mike Tomlin know the odds are stacked against them this [..] + Bruins01/17/17 02:28 pm EST Bruins won't make playoffs without [..] - Bruins01/17/17 02:28 pm EST Bruins won't make playoffs without big run like rest of East -- but can they even make one? The Bruins are neither hot or cold. They’re just, well, there. Allowed to drift [..] + Celtics01/11/17 12:25 pm EST While we wait on Roger Goodell's [..] - Celtics01/11/17 12:25 pm EST While we wait on Roger Goodell's return, let's remember our original coward, Rick Pitino You know who was Roger Goodell before Roger Goodell? Rick Pitino. Pitino was the original [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Trump Inauguration Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Grammys 2017 News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Garth Brooks' Ghost Tunes Folding Into Amazon Music 1/17/2017 by Andy Gensler FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Courtesy of Ghosttunes         The so-called alternative to iTunes appears to be no more. Garth Brooks' Ghost Tunes, a digital and physical distribution platform billed as an alternative to iTunes that launched a little over two years ago, is apparently folding into Amazon Music. In an email sent out today, the service thanked its users and announced a "new partnership with Amazon Music" that instructed users to transfer their entire library to the e-tailer's music platform for "free." The note encouraged Ghost Tunes users to "check out Amazon's Music Unlimited" service for which their users, pretty much like everyone else, can get a free 30-day trial. The platform initially launched with ten million pieces of content, including T-shirts, posters and CDs as well as licensing deals with Universal, Warner Music Group and Sony Music. The service, however, differed from other online sellers by allowing labels to choose price, formats and royalty payments. Brooks, for his part, offered a bundle of his back catalog, live material and a new album for the low low price of $30.00.  In a Billboard story on the launch, Ghost Tunes CEO Randy Bernard recalled telling Brooks they would be "going up against Google, Amazon, iTunes -- billion-dollar companies." At the time Brooks thought the new business model might change what he saw as an unfair economic model with other services and called the site "my gift to music." That gift apparently went unappreciated and this past October Brooks announced he was moving his catalog exclusively to Amazon. Billboard reached out to Ghost Tunes and Garth Brooks' press reps for comment, but did not receive comment back at press time. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile For goodness' sake, quit Facebook already. Here's how For goodness' sake, quit Facebook already. Here's how This is the tough love you were looking for. Mobile by Sharon Profis January 17, 2017 3:20 PM PST @sharonprofis Up Next Governments suck at social media, but you deserve some blame You have a gambling addiction. A pretty serious one, actually. You rise each day and take a trip to Mark Zuckerberg's bustling casino. You arrive, hoping you might see familiar faces, but all the other gamblers are people you don't give a crap about. You shrug and head to a slot machine. You crank the lever for the thousandth time, cross your fingers and hope for a win. Surprise: You're still a loser. But you'll be back in an hour -- maybe your luck will change. Whether you realized it on your own or watched a TED talk, Facebook could be taking a toll on your mind, career and friendships. Depending on your age, you're likely spending 6-7 hours per week swiping through news (fake and real) and baby photos. Here are some other things you could do for an hour per day: Learn a new language Call a few friends or family members Exercise Cook a meal Read a book or the news If you're thinking, "I want that! Help!" you've come to the right place. Step 1: Stop over-thinking it Worried about losing touch with old friends? Don't. If you were actually friends -- not mutual stalkers -- you would be chatting over a cup of coffee right now. What about networking? I get it, you don't want to talk to someone you met at a work function over the phone. Here are some other modern options for you: texting and email. (Whew, that was a close one.) And all those groups you're in? Well, there are simply some things you're going to have to give up. Think about the trade-off -- you're getting an hour per day (on average) back. That's 365 hours per year. That's a lot of hours over the course of a lot of years. You're welcome. But I use messenger! Not sure if you've heard but most people have a phone number that you can send text messages to. There's also WhatsApp. (Also, you can deactivate your account and still use Messenger. More on that later.) Step 2: Disconnect those apps (like Spotify) You've probably used Facebook to log into other apps and services dozens of times. And why not? It makes signing up for new things super fast. Problem is, those logins inadvertently burrowed you deeper into Facebook's grasp. It's reversible, but it'll require some time to undo. Here's how: Make a list of all the apps you log into using Facebook. One way to figure this out is to go to Facebook (desktop) > Settings > Apps. Scroll through this list and make note of the apps and websites you still use. One by one, log into those apps. Visit the Settings page and find the option to disconnect from Facebook. This process varies quite a bit, so you might want to Google "disconnect Facebook from [insert app here]" to speed things up. It was once nearly impossible to disconnect Facebook from Spotify, but the company recently made it much easier. In Spotify, go to Settings and choose the option to disconnect from Facebook. Now log off. In the login window, hit "Reset Password." Follow the instructions, and you're golden. Step 3: Download all your memories You probably want to keep all your photos, posts, friends and all the other data you accumulated on Facebook. Luckily, saving all that data is really easy. Go to Facebook (desktop) and head to Settings. In that first window, hit "Download a copy of your Facebook data." Follow the instructions and wait while Facebook emails you a downloadable file. Step 4: Delete, deactivate or detach This is the part where boys become men. Girls become women. Caterpillars become... you get the idea. You have three options when it comes to quitting Facebook: Permanently delete your account. This is irreversible -- all your data will be removed, your profile will disappear and you'll need to sign up for Facebook again if you want back in. Deactivate your account. This option is for people who know that, eventually, they'll succumb to their addiction. Deactivating essentially puts your account on hold, so you can restore it to the same state it was in when you left it. This also lets you continue using Facebook Messenger. Detach yourself. I really don't recommend this one. There are very few people in this world who have enough self-control to forgo deleting or deactivating their account in favor of ignoring Facebook. But if your addiction is mild or you were never really into Facebook anyway, this option could work for you. To permanently delete your account, go to this page. To deactivate your account, go here. Just be warned, Facebook uses a weird combination of psychology and desperation to try and prevent you from quitting. If you plan to detach yourself and use self-control to "quit" Facebook, here are some tips: Opt out of Facebook's email notifications Minimize your profile by making your Timeline, photos and anything else you can private Delete the app from your phone and remove any bookmarks Use an option like Space (for iPhone) to reverse your addiction Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Facebook Related Stories Samsung's new phablet looks impressive, but good luck getting one Former Android chief ready to take on the iPhone -- again How to play the Nintendo Switch before it's released Snapchat's new search bar wants to make app easier to navigate Close   Discuss: For goodness' sake, quit Facebook already.... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Governments suck at social media, but you deserve some blame Free up space on Android phones Is your Android device slowing to a crawl? Try one of these tricks. by Lexy Savvides 1:03 Slack gets threaded messages, Netflix killed it last quarter The tech stories everyone's talking about include Slack's addition of threaded messages, a rejuvenation of the Android One program and Netflix's impressive performance from October to December of 2016. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Knorr wins Warc Media Award Programmatic native stirs Brands gamble on Super Bowl Advertising must tackle stereotyping Scale of Dentsu overcharging revealed India's marketers look to tap emotions Viewability 'not really improving' Warc Media Awards: Channel Integration winners View more news Time to think screenless 18 January 2017 SEATTLE: The rapid uptake of voice-activated personal assistants means marketers need to start thinking about how they can reach the screenless consumer, a top Microsoft executive has said. "For the last decade, the focus in the digital marketing industry has been on making advertising more visually appealing, whether that's through video ads or richer display ad formats or native ad formats," noted Rik van der Kooi, corporate VP/advertising sales and marketing at Microsoft. "While that effort and quest isn't going to go away," he told AdExchanger, "screenless advertising will be an important complement to this, as people and consumers start speaking to their personal assistants in a variety of physical environments, but mostly while they are on the go." Research firm Gartner has predicted that 30% of web browsing will be done via screenless user interfaces by 2020 and that is where van der Kooi believes marketers should direct their attention. "Search really is a central capability for this new marketing opportunity," he said. "There will be more data for the marketer to understand their consumer and deliver more relevant messages and offers." Microsoft's own offering in this field is Cortana and it recently partnered with audio brand Harman Kardon to launch a voice-activated speaker similar to Google Home and Amazon Echo. It is Amazon that is setting the pace, however: it reported that Echo and the smaller Echo Dot – eminently affordable at just $50 – were the best-selling products on Amazon.com during the recent holiday period, shifting nine times more than the previous year and giving millions of people their first experience of having a 'virtual servant' in the home. "Amazon will increasingly subsidize Echo by bundling content (think music, video) with the device," suggested Thomas Husson, Principal Analyst at Forrester Husson, explaining to Business Insider that "the end-goal is to facilitate interactions" and drive spending on Amazon. It is less obvious how Google Home will drive the internet giant's advertising revenue, but as Husson noted: "For them, this is vital since this is simply about the future of search". Data sourced from Ad Exchanger, Engadget, Business Insider, Digiday; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: How Amazon is making Alexa more than a household name Conversational advertising: why now is the time for chatbots Trend Snapshot: Chatbots How Amazon's Echo meets – and reshapes – consumer needs Digital Assistants - A Brand's Best Friend? It’s about conversation Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Knorr wins Warc Media Award Programmatic native stirs Brands gamble on Super Bowl Advertising must tackle stereotyping Scale of Dentsu overcharging revealed India's marketers look to tap emotions Viewability 'not really improving' Warc Media Awards: Channel Integration winners View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Watch Live: Rick Perry Testifies at Energy Secretary Confirmation Hearing Get Alerts Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Inauguration 2017 ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Apple Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Jan 12 2017, 9:30 am ET Peter Thiel Agrees: Apple Has Gone Stale by Ben Popken Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement Has Apple gone stale? Tech rogue Peter Thiel thinks so, telling the New York Times this week that he believes "the age of Apple is over." "We know what a smartphone looks like and does," said the Facebook board member, PayPal co-founder, chess prodigy, and Trump transition team member. "It's not the fault of Tim Cook, but it's not an area where there will be any more innovation." Loyal fans agree, citing lackluster "improvements," a lack of innovation, and a year that saw sales fall for the first time since 2001. As Apple celebrates the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, the company appears to have gone into "maintenance mode" while everyone waits for its next big thing to emerge — if ever. Ronan Timoney, a 23-year-old economics and finance student in Ireland, has had Apple laptops since 2010, iPhones since 2011 and an iPad since 2012. As a young, avid Apple user, he's exactly the kind of customer the company should be wooing for their long-term success. But his most recent smartphone purchase was an Android. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Apple's iPhone 7 announcement: Will the headphone jack change pay off? 1:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/760365123587" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> For him, Apple has lost its luster. "Their products have become fashion accessories rather than high-powered gadgets, and prices now outstrip quality," said Timoney. He "will not be buying any Apple products for the foreseeable future," he said. 2016 was a particularly rotten year for Apple. Annual sales fell for the first time since it launched the iPod in 2001, going from a record $234 billion in 2015 to $216 billion. Its new lineup of MacBook Pros this year failed to impress. The best thing about the iPhone 7 is its camera. It also forced users to invest in $159 wireless AirPods, which had a delayed launch, or use an awkward dongle to use their old headphones. Not very "Appley." Core Products for 2017 And what's in store for 2017? Reportedly three new faster iPad models in different sizes as the company tries to fend off other touch-screen phones and computers, but iPad units have declined in 10 of the last 11 quarters. Instead of "thinking different" the company is "thinking slightly better." To be sure, "Apple is a great American success story," but, "a lot of that innovation came from the Steve Jobs era," said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners known for his bearish views on the company. CEO Tim Cook is an efficient caretaker but doesn't necessarily have the late Steve Jobs' "founder's fire" that can propel a company past the threshold of what was thought to be possible, said Gillis. "Amazon, Google, Tesla, Netflix, Facebook, what do they have in common? They're all still driven by their founders. They're still able to make big bets and change directions. Is Apple positioned for the next thing?" asked Gillis. Related: Apple's Poor Performance Takes a Bite out of Tim Cook's Salary That's the big question as longtime users and investors wait to see where the company's $2 billion annual increase in research and development has been going and on what acronym it might it plant a flag next. AR? IOT? VR? AI? "What you're seeing is a point where Apple is making a slower transition away from being a company that historically came out with whizzbang products every couple of years to a company that makes great products we all need," said Gene Munster, the co-founder of Loup Ventures, who previously covered Apple as a Piper Jaffray analyst for over a decade and remains bullish. "As they shift resources, you get what happened in 2016: Not that exciting of a product year." Who's Driving Innovation? He thinks the next big things for Apple will be whatever it decides to do in the car space, artificial intelligence, and, according to the kind of Apple rumors that used to capture fanboys' and pundits' imaginations, a foldable phone with bendable glass. But it won't be Apple making the device, countered Gillis. "They're not driving the innovation... Samsung will be the ones who make it." Even hardcore Apple users say they've noticed a change. Apple is becoming more like Microsoft, a former wunderkind that became large, profitable, boring, and angered pro users. Is Microsoft the New Apple? As a Mac user, I.T. manager Dan Fox is used to standing out at his PC-filled office at an Orlando-based engineering firm. "Apple made these gorgeous, sleek, shiny devices that looked like they were from the future," he told NBC News. "They were cooler than anything else on the market and, more importantly, they actually worked better," said the 45-year-old Fox. His family members are all Apple fans too, and their house is full of MacBooks, Apple Watches, iPads, iPhones, Apple TVs, and he even sprang for the AirPods. As of late though, the "cutting edge" upgrades to the Surface and Office 365 have him considering that Microsoft might be becoming the new Apple, with well-built and innovative products, he says, that show an attention to details. He still loves Apple, but says he feels "Improvements are iterative, and it's almost as though Apple is now relying on its brand more than its tech. It feels like they are stalling on innovation to squeeze one more model out with a tiny upgrade. Rinse. Repeat. Things are starting to feel… stale." Ben Popken Twitter Facebook Google Plus Email Topics Apple First Published Jan 11 2017, 9:51 am ET Next Story Happy 10th Birthday, iPhone! What's Next? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Local Media Consortium Members and Partners Release Position Statement on So-Called Fake News News provided by Local Media Consortium Jan 18, 2017, 00:01 ET Share this article SARASOTA, Fla., Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Concerned with the proliferation of fake news and its potential to tarnish the credibility of real journalism, The Local Media Consortium (LMC) today published a position statement on"fake news" – or what it prefers to call digital propaganda. The LMC is a strategic partnership of leading local media companies representing more than 1,600 news sites in thousands of communities across the United States. The complete position statement is published on the LMC website at http://www.localmediaconsortium.com/fakenews/ with excerpts published in members' editorials. "Every day we work with heavily vetted, high-quality service providers that share our commitment to foster growth in the digital age so we can preserve the media's watchdog role without fear or favor," said Rusty Coats, Executive Director of the LMC. "Our members and partners comprise a powerful representation of the business, publishing and tech world. We are releasing this position paper to affirm our commitment and strength in numbers to quash the reach and destructiveness of digital propaganda." The LMC's position and principles on fake news are summarized below. For the full position statement, click here. Refuse to Reward Misinformation: We urge our members, partners and the ad-tech industry to more fully vet the companies and organizations with which they do business. We implore advertisers, marketers and the ad-tech community to refuse to reward "news" from untrustworthy sites. We applaud Google's commitment to develop policies to keep ads off dubious news sites, and we ask others to follow suit. Support Local: The local news media plays a vital role in protecting against misinformation. We call on readers, viewers and corporate America to recognize the value of reputable, local news organizations. Get to know your local journalists and broadcasters. When reading a "news" story, become familiar with its source and confirm that it is associated with a reputable parent news organization. Acknowledge That Fake News is Not News At All: "Fake news" should not be put on par with "light news" or "odd news." Rather it is purposeful misinformation, misdirection and propaganda. We call on our members and the industry as a whole to remind those within the business and political arenas that we have high journalistic standards when it comes to news. Look Within: We ask that our members and partners look within their own newsrooms, websites and social media outlets to determine how they can best protect their constituents from deceptive news. This includes educating readers and viewers about examples of this propaganda through editorial content. By refusing to do business with digital propaganda pushers, we have the strength to quash its reach. "It is deeply concerning to see the sheer scope of digital misinformation propagating around the globe, but assuring to see our members and partners band together to address these concerns head-on," said Christian A. Hendricks,  McClatchy's Vice President for products, marketing, and innovation, and LMC Executive Board member. "We look forward to collaborating with the industry to implement measures that quash the spread of digital propaganda and protect the sustainability of local journalism – one of the principles on which the LMC was founded." About the Local Media Consortium: The Local Media Consortium is a strategic partnership of leading local media companies focused on increasing member companies' share of digital revenue and audience by pursuing new relationships with a variety of technology companies and service providers. The LMC was founded in 2013 to address the needs of advertisers seeking to reach high-quality audiences on brand safe local digital properties at scale. In addition, the LMC provides members with access to leading technology and content solutions by fostering key partnerships with companies including Google, Monster, Yahoo and others. LMC membership encompasses more than 75 local media companies in top markets across the United States and Puerto Rico, and includes more than 1,600 publications. The LMC audience footprint currently spans 155 million unique monthly visitors and its member companies serve more than four billion page views to readers. More information is available at www.localmediaconsortium.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/local-media-consortium-members-and-partners-release-position-statement-on-so-called-fake-news-300392524.html SOURCE Local Media Consortium Related Links http://www.localmediaconsortium.com Dec 08, 2016, 00:00 ET Preview: Study Finds Local News Websites as Much as 500% More Likely to Engage Retail, Auto, Real Estate and Travel Customers My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 08, 2016, 00:00 ETStudy Finds Local News Websites as Much as 500% More Likely to... Nov 15, 2016, 08:00 ETLocal Media Consortium Announces 2017 Executive Board, Expands... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Multimedia & Internet Banking & Financial Services You just read: Local Media Consortium Members and Partners Release Position Statement on So-Called Fake News News provided by Local Media Consortium Jan 18, 2017, 00:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Thursday, January 19, 2017  |  Rabea Al Thani 21, 1438 Blogs Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs All Dressed Up The Art Blog Bites Healthy Living Scene & Heard National View Kit Bag Plugged In Your Money Fuel for Thought Throne of Water II by Thaier Helal. Part of Landmarks II exhibition at Ayyam Gallery. Courtesy of Thaier Helal and Ayyam Gallery Thaier Helal: Landmarks, a review Anya Stafford   |   January 18, 2017 Although Thaier Helal is based in Sharjah, the Assi river and the Syrian soil of his homeland cling to his practice. Landmarks II, his current show in Alserkal Avenue’s Ayyam Gallery features large round and square sculptural paintings made from sand, glue, paint and fragments of found objects like bones and shells. These can be seen as geological layers, where nature and humanity have evolved over the aeons to tell stories of beauty, war, consumption, and decay. The artist does have his own inspirations and points of reference, but he wants visitors to evoke their own associations and memories of mountains, forests, deserts, bodies of water - planet earth at its rawest. Helal is well known throughout the region and beyond for his abstract works, having exhibited in London and Seoul. He also mentors local artistic talents in his role as professor at the Fine Arts College in Sharjah. This show is a follow up to 2014’s Ayyam outing in DIFC, and is part of the artist’s Mountain and River series. The ugly staying power of man-made plastics is suggested in Illusion (2016). Bits of stubborn waste in blue and red gleam among the organic sands. I had just visited Richard Allenby-Pratt’s incredible images of nature under siege in The Anthropocene at nearby Gulf Photo Plus, so I was finely tuned to Helal’s work referencing human detritus and its indelible effects on the earth. Mirage (2016) flashes plenty of gold, a reminder of the treasures deep down perhaps? But there is black and red splattered on top, possibly telling another story of conflict and futility. The artist is interested in the illusions that life throws at us, and how we evolve to meet them, or how they defeat us. Helal manages to stack his mixed media horizontally and appears to defy gravity in parts, especially apparent when you look side-on. Some of the ridges jut out and over the canvas, like giant braille sharing the secrets of the land. The works are mostly immaculately level, apart from Abyss, 2016, where the bumpy lines flow like waves from the top corner diagonally. Water, 2016 throws shadows on the surrounding walls, bearing a striking resemblance to a modern city skyline. Throne of Water I and II conjure up aquatic shimmer, in a masterful way that brings Monet to mind. * Landmarks II is on until March 4 in Ayyam Gallery, Alserkal Avenue. www.ayyamgallery.com Anya Stafford is a guest writer for The Art Blog. She has been writing on arts and culture in the Middle East for three years. She’s also worked and lectured on communications, arts and technology with the likes of Google and Goldsmiths University London. She is studying for an MFA in Media through the National College of Art and Design, she also holds an MSc in Interactive Digital Media from Trinity College, both from Dublin, Ireland. Find out more about her and read her work at www.anyastafford.com Related Spring into the new year with a series of art fairs and exhibitions Thaier Helal captures war-torn Syria’s hope and sadness on canvas The Syrian artists using their medium as a weapon Most Popular Latest Thaier Helal: Landmarks, a review Learn about the history of Islamic Art UAE’s first potter’s market to be held in Al Quoz Five artists announced for the UAE Pavilion at the Venice Biennale Learn about legal issues for artists Most Popular Latest Thaier Helal: Landmarks, a review Learn about the history of Islamic Art Five artists announced for the UAE Pavilion at the Venice Biennale Learn about legal issues for artists UAE’s first potter’s market to be held in Al Quoz More from Art Five diverse artists from the UAE to take part in Venice Biennale Celebrity photographer Anthony Horth focuses on Emirates Palace in new photoshoot Highlights from the seventh edition of Art Stage Singapore Tweets by @LifeNationalUAE The National About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Deliveroo plans to hire 300 engineers in London The new staff will be employed across software engineering, behavioural economics and algorithm development. By Kedar Grandhi January 18, 2017 03:54 GMT The new Deliveroo hires will work on the technology aspect of the company such as its app and logistics systemsReuters Deliveroo has announced plans to add 300 UK jobs. The British food delivery company added that it hoped to hire these new workers as soon as possible. The new staff would join its software and hardware engineering teams at its new London headquarters in Canon Street. The move is said to increase its tech team from the current 125 to 425 people. Deliveroo, which operates in 12 countries and currently has more than 1,000 employees worldwide, said the new staff would be employed in areas such as software engineering, behavioural economics and algorithm development. They would work on the technology aspect of the company such as its app and logistics systems. The new development comes alongside Deliveroo announcing a 650% on-year increase in its worldwide orders in 2016. The company that has raised $474.6m (£384.55m) since being founded in 2013, however, declined to reveal its latest revenue figures. Commenting on the latest move, Deliveroo CEO Will Shu was cited by the Financial Times as saying, "London is where I founded this company and it's from our headquarters here that we export our British-born technology around the world...That's why we're now on the lookout for more than 300 people to join our engineering team." "When so many of the success stories in the on-demand economy have been grown from America, I am particularly proud to be doing this here in Britain." This news is a boost to the technology scene in the UK capital and acts as a vote of confidence in the economy after the Brexit vote. However, this is not the first company to announce technology hires since the UK's decision to leave the European Union (EU). It follows similar commitments from American tech giants Apple, Google and Facebook to expand in the UK. While Facebook had in November 2016 announced plans to hire 500 more tech employees in its new London headquarters, which will open in 2017, Google CEO Sundar Pichai had also confirmed similar plans. He had said that the search engine firm will build a new 650,000sq ft office in the UK, which it was said could create about 3,000 jobs by 2020. More from IBTimes UK Deliveroo customer accounts hacked and charged hundreds of pounds for takeaway they did not order Deliveroo faces union challenge over riders' rights Theresa May's Brexit speech: What has the business world made of it? Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Theresa May warns big business to play by rules as she promotes Britain at Davos 2017 Columnists Jimmy Leach “They said Trump was unstoppable — but social media tells a different story READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event... Brexit will 'not be without pain', IMF's Christine Lagarde warns Lagarde welcomed Prime Minister Theresa May's recent Brexit-related... Royal Mail delivers the goods at Christmas but revenue falls flat Revenue falls flat in nine months to Christmas but figures remain in... FX Focus: Pound climbs after Theresa May tells Davos Britain is open for business Euro falls against the dollar after Draghi claims the ECB remains... Davos 2017: German finance minister Schäuble warns UK against becoming a low tax haven German finance minister Wolfgang Schäuble says the UK has to stick... ECB maintains interest rate as Draghi hits at looser monetary policy Central bank's President Mario Draghi says it is too early to comment... UK voters back Theresa May's 'hard Brexit' plan and predict EU will reject deal Prime minister given boost just days after Lancaster House speech in... Goldman Sachs rubbishes reports it is moving jobs out of London Global investment bank says no decision had been taken on UK jobs... Davos 2017: London will remain financial centre of Europe after Brexit, says Barclays chief Jes Staley confident London will retain its role after Brexit but... Davos 2017: Theresa May urges big business to 'play by rules' in globalisation warning UK prime minister also told leaders that 'Britain is and will always... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Six British pilgrims including two-month-old baby killed in Saudi Arabia minibus crash About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
