News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Google’s Allo app lets you send extra-secure… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos Insider CU Buffs ranked No. 10 Mediterranean Revival mansion Visit Denver tourism Denver homeless sweeps Snow in Denver Business Technology Google’s Allo app lets you send extra-secure “incognito” messages Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Washington Post September 26, 2016 at 12:57 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House Paxton Lynch’s progress as he takes full Broncos’ practice reps; Aqib Talib returns A supersonic jet faster than the Concorde will get public design debut in Centennial Nepotism and the Trump transition team Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease Colorado Buffaloes ranked No. 10 in latest College Football Playoff rankings By Andrea Peterson, The Washington Post Google started offering users end-to-end encryption for the first time Wednesday with its new Allo instant messaging app. The move makes Google the latest company to follow a tech trend that has privacy advocates cheering, but some law enforcement officials worried. Conversations in Allo are not automatically protected by that extra secure form of encryption, which allows only those who send and receive messages to unlock them. Rather, users can choose to have “incognito” conversations that feature the security measure — much like a system that Facebook is testing in its Messenger app. Other conversations in Allo are still encrypted between the app and Google’s servers, but that means the tech company will be able to access the content of those messages. End-to-end encryption is becoming a standard feature for instant messaging apps. Other programs, including Apple’s iMessage and Facebook-owned Whatsapp, protect messages with end-to-end encryption by default. Related Articles September 22, 2016 Yahoo hack steals personal info from at least 500M accounts September 19, 2016 Cybersecurity’s Webroot acquires San Diego data-science security firm September 1, 2016 Colorado adds academic spokes to existing cybersecurity hub Some law enforcement officials, most notably FBI Director James Comey, have warned that the spread of end-to-end encryption could help criminals and terrorists “go dark” because companies cannot access the content of the encrypted communications even when faced with a warrant. Civil liberties advocates and technology experts, on the other hand, have generally praised the expansion of end-to-end encryption in consumer devices as a step forward for users’ privacy and cybersecurity. Some privacy and civil liberties advocates have criticized Google for its slow progress on the encryption front. “Google is a day late and a dollar short,” said Johns Hopkins professor and cryptography expert Matthew Green. He also criticized Google for backing away from a privacy feature that was expected to be in Allo. When the company unveiled plans for the app, it said logs of users who were not in incognito mode would be de-identified and not permanently stored on its servers. But that’s not the case in the version of the app released Wednesday, which could leave Allo users’ intimate chats at risk of being subpoenaed. The reason for the shift, according to the Verge, was to improve virtual assistant features built into the app. But Green sees the move as a sign that Google may be unwilling to depart from a business model built on harvesting user data to underpin its lucrative targeted ads market. “If Google doesn’t see data, they feel that they don’t want to be in that business,” he said. “That’s fine, but customers should be aware that’s how they feel about it.” While Allo is the first Google product with end-to-end encryption baked in, it isn’t the first time the company has tried to use the technology in its products. Two years ago the company announced plans for a browser plugin that would help Gmail users send and receive encrypted email. The plugin still hasn’t been released. Tags:  cybersecurity,  Google Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Technology U.S. urges stronger security for internet-enabled devices November 16, 2016, 5:37 am The Obama administration urged companies on Tuesday to make millions of devices safe from hacking, underscoring the risks posed by an increasingly bewildering array of internet-connected products permeating daily life, covering everything from fitness trackers to computers in automobiles. Crowdfunding small business loans has Denver lender P2Bi landing $7.7 million for itself November 15, 2016, 6:04 pm The Denver company that provides millions of dollars in loans to small businesses has received a cash infusion of its own. P2BInvestor said Tuesday it raised $7.7 million from investors who believe in the money lender’s method of crowdfunding loans has a big future. Cadillacs and Chevy Volts join car-sharing options as GM’s Maven launches in Denver November 16, 2016, 9:11 am As Lindsey Whiddon prepped for this week’s launch of General Motors new car-sharing service Maven, she plunged into city life to study traffic flow and talk to residents about how they would use a carsharing service. Lincoln Tech launches CNG repair program at Denver campus November 15, 2016, 5:56 pm Lincoln Tech, a private trade school, is rolling out a new program at its Denver campus to train mechanics to work on compressed natural gas or CNG vehicles, which are gaining traction with local governments, waste haulers and delivery fleets. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 100 Fascinating Facts About Facebook Some bite-sized points about Facebook you can share on Facebook. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Sep 24, 2016 at 5:11PM The Facebook Wall in its Sao Paulo office. Image source: Facebook. I'm young enough not to be able to remember much of the internet before Facebook (NASDAQ:FB). I simply remember my internet use consisting of a lot of AOL Instant Messenger, shady peer-to-peer file sharing software, and those sites teenage boys inevitably discover.  But Facebook has completely transformed the way we use the internet. In fact, some people in developing countries don't understand they're using the internet when they access Facebook on their phones. Facebook has managed to grow well beyond anyone's expectations from a decade ago. It's grown beyond expectations from just four years ago, when the company's IPO was deemed a failure. It's now one of the biggest companies in the world. Here, then, are 100 facts about Facebook investors should consider. 1. Facebook has 1.71 billion monthly users. 2. There are about 3 billion internet users worldwide. 3. Facebook has penetrated so much of the existing market of internet users that it's trying to figure out how to make more internet users. 4. It's using things out of science fiction novels such as solar-powered drones, lasers, satellites, rockets, and AI-powered software developed through its Internet.org initiative to provide internet access to more people. Facebook's Aquila drone in flight. Image source: Facebook. 5. The fastest-growing market for internet users is India. 6. India's government rejected Internet.org's Free Basics app, which offers free access to select internet services, on the grounds it violates net neutrality. 7. India's internet population grew about 40% last year, and it's accelerating. 8. Facebook has 142 million users in India. 9. It will soon surpass the U.S. as Facebook's largest market. 10. Facebook's average advertising revenue per user in the Asia-Pacific region, of which India is a part, was just $1.74 last quarter. 11. Facebook brought in $13.74 per user in the U.S. and Canada. 12. That $1.74 per user in Asia-Pacific is still more than Twitter's (NYSE:TWTR) global average ad revenue per user last quarter. 13. If the number of Facebook users in India grows another 40% this year, Facebook will add the equivalent of about one-fifth of Twitter's user base with about the same revenue potential. 13a. And that's just India. Mark Zuckerberg with India's prime minister, Narendra Modi. Image source: Facebook. 14. Facebook is the second largest digital advertising company after Google, the Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary. 15. Facebook grew its advertising revenue 57% last year. 16. Google grew ad revenue just 17%. 17. Everybody else grew ad revenue just 13%. 18. Facebook's revenue growth is accelerating this year. 19. Revenue grew 56% in the first half of 2016, versus 40% in the first half of 2015. 20. Facebook CFO Dave Wehner says the company has mostly maxed out the number of ads it can place in users' news feeds. 21. Ad revenue growth will have to come from user growth, improved engagement, and increased ad prices. 22. It's a good thing everyone is addicted to Facebook. 22a. That is, if you're a Facebook investor. Image source: Facebook. 23. Zuckerberg says the average Facebook user spend 50 minutes per day between Facebook, Instagram, and Messenger. 24. That's up 25% from two years ago. 25. Facebook is still extremely popular with millennials. No matter what anyone tries to tell you. 25a. That includes former CFO David Ebersman. 26. The average user between the ages of 18 and 34 spends more time on Facebook-owned social networks than the average time spent on Snapchat, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, LinkedIn, Google+, and Vine combined. 27. Facebook users watched more than 8 billion videos on its platform per day during the third quarter last year. 28. Facebook wants users and brands to "go live" with their video this year. 29. That's because users spend three times as long watching live videos compared with pre-recorded videos. 30. Facebook is paying celebrities and publishers more than $50 million to "go live." 31. It's now testing mid-roll ads for live streams. 32. Zuckerberg and Co. still haven't really figured out how to monetize all those video views. Image source: Facebook. 33. Facebook has 3 million active advertisers. 34. It added about 100,000 new advertisers per month from October through February. 35. Twitter has just over 100,000 advertisers total. 35a. 130,000, to be exact. 36. Facebook has 60 million active businesses with pages on its network. 37. Facebook has consistently kept that 5% penetration rate since hitting 1.5 million active advertisers more than two years ago. 38. Twitter has penetrated only about 1.4% of businesses on its platform. 39. There are an estimated 420 million to 510 million small and medium-sized businesses worldwide. 40. If Facebook could get about half of those businesses to create pages and maintain its penetration rate, it could quadruple its active advertisers. 41. With stable ad loads and relatively modest user growth, the demand for advertisements will cause Facebook's average ad prices to climb. 42. Facebook's ad prices increased 9% last quarter thanks to "particularly strong" advertiser demand. 43. Many of Facebook's existing advertisers are spending more on average this year compared with last year. 44. Instagram ads were mostly cannibalistic last year, according to William Blair's Ralph Schackart. Image source: Instagram. 45. It's expected to be more incremental this year, providing an additional avenue for growing spend from advertisers. 46. Instagram's average ad prices are three times higher than Facebook's on a cost-per-click basis. 47. Instagram just rolled out new business tools to make the platform more attractive to small and local businesses. 48. One of Facebook's biggest money makers are app install ads. 49. Citi estimates that 1.15 billion apps will be downloaded through marketing on Facebook properties this year. 50. That's up 33% from last year. 51. Facebook generates an estimated $3.40 per app install. 52. That means Facebook will generate nearly $4 billion from app installs this year. Image source: Facebook. 53. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) generated about $6 billion from app installs in 2015. 54. Apple's App Store generated 75% more revenue than the Google Play Store last year, according to estimates. 55. Which means Facebook is on pace to generate more revenue from app installs this year than Google's Play Store did last year. 56. There are over 1 billion users on Messenger. 57. And 1 billion on WhatsApp, too. 58. There are 50 million business accounts on Messenger. 59. Those business accounts exchange more than 1 billion messages per month with users. 60. Tencent's WeChat has "just" 806 million users. 61. And "only" 10 million businesses. 62. LINE has 157 million users. 63. And 2 million official brand accounts. 64. Both generate more revenue than either Messenger or WhatsApp. 65. Which will bring in a combined $0 for Facebook this year. 66. WeChat generates more than $7 in revenue per user, according to estimates. Image source: WeChat. 67. The vast majority of WeChat's users are in Asia, where Facebook generated $6.32 per user over the past 12 months across all of its platforms. 67a. Again, none of that came from its messaging apps. 68. LINE generated $1.2 billion in revenue last year from games, stickers, and advertisements. 69. LINE currently has a market cap of around $9.6 billion. 70. Facebook bought WhatsApp for $21.8 billion in cash and stock. 71. It also bought Oculus for $2 billion in cash and stock. 72. The Oculus Rift is seeing "increasing demand from retail as stores plan for the holidays." 73. Zuckerberg says, "Virtual reality has the potential to be the next computing platform that changes all our lives." 74. More than 1 million people already use Oculus on their phones through Samsung Gear VR. Image source: Oculus. 75. Zuckerberg says he doesn't really want to make big acquisitions as he did with Oculus and WhatsApp. 76. But Zuckerberg could soon have a lot of cash to spend if he wants. 77. Facebook's free cash flow over the past 12 months was $7.6 billion. 78. Its cash reserve reached $23.3 billion last quarter. 79. Analysts expect the company to produce $26 billion in free cash flow by 2020. 80. That's more than Microsoft currently generates ($25 billion TTM). That's supposed to be Mark Zuckerberg diving into a pile of money. Image source: Getty Images. 81. But analysts don't have a very good track record forecasting the long term for Facebook. 82. In 2013, the consensus estimate for Facebook's earnings in 2017 was just over $2 per share. 83. Facebook already generated $1.74 in non-GAAP EPS in the first half of 2016. 84. Now analysts are expecting earnings of $5.04 per share in 2017. 85. The average 2020 estimate (for those so bold) is $9.64 per share, adjusted for stock-based compensation. 85a. Set a reminder now to come back to this article in four years. 86. Facebook currently trades for about 25 times next year's earnings estimate. 87. Alphabet trades for about 19 times next year's earnings estimate. 88. Microsoft trades for about 18 times next year's earnings estimate. 89. Even if Facebook's earnings multiple falls to somewhere between Alphabet's and Microsoft's over the next three years, the stock would still be worth around $180. 89a. That's assuming the analysts have it right this time. 90. That's an annual return of about 11.7% from today's price. Image source: Getty Images. 91. Zuckerberg's net worth is about $55.4 billion. 92. That makes him the the fifth wealthiest person in the world, behind Microsoft's Bill Gates, Zara's Amancio Ortega, Berkshire Hathaway's Warren Buffett, and Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos. 93. Zuckerberg is just 32 years old. 94. The next youngest billionaire in the top five is Jeff Bezos (52). 95. If Zuckerberg can increase his wealth 11.7% per year, on average, he'll be a trillionaire before 60. 95a. To paraphrase Justin Timberlake's version of Sean Parker, "A billion dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? A trillion dollars!" 95b. Also, the idea of a trillionaire is so ridiculous that Microsoft Word is telling me it's a spelling error. 96. Facebook stock has increased an average of 32% per year since its IPO at $38 per share. 96a. At that pace, Zuckerberg would be a trillionaire in 10 years. 97. Gates' net worth reached $100 billion in 1999, when he was 43. 98. He's now worth "just" $79.5 billion at 60 years old. 98a. So, projecting that far into the future is a bit dubious. 99. Both Zuckerberg and Gates have pledged to donate the vast majority of their wealth to charity. 100. Now that I'm finished writing this article, I'm looking up ways to qualify myself as a charitable organization. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), Facebook, and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Sep 24, 2016 at 5:11PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.85 up $2.74 (2.56%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $780.22 up $5.06 (0.65%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $116.48 down $0.72 (-0.61%) Twitter NYSE:TWTR $18.77 down $0.21 (-1.11%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $763.75 up $5.26 (0.69%) Read More 2 Top Tech Stocks That Are Cash Cows Facebook, Inc. Earnings: 8 Metrics to Watch Facebook, Inc.'s Profits Surge and Its Stock Falls I'm Still Worried About This Potential Facebook Time Bomb The Most Valuable Companies in the World Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
CLOSE × Sorry! You don't have any alerts. If you've already subscribed, you should start receiving alerts shortly. You can also look for the around the site to subscribe or click here to manage your existing subscriptions. You must be signed in to get alerts. Click here to do so. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com ETC ETC Sep 24th 2016 at 3:55PM Add Subscribe Google self-driving car badly damaged in accident but wasn't at fault A human driver ran a red light and hit Google's autonomous Lexus. facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Jeremy Korzeniewski A self-driving Lexus RX 450h hybrid sport utility vehicle owned and operated by Google was involved in an accident in Mountain View, California, on Friday afternoon. Nobody was injured, though there was an occupant inside the Lexus at the time of the crash. Initial reports indicate Google's autonomous vehicle was not at fault. The accident happened when another driver in a commercial van ran a red light and hit the passenger side of the autonomous vehicle. Google confirmed that the vehicle was piloting itself at the time of the accident. When it became obvious a collision was imminent, the human driver applied the brakes, but it was too late. The car sustained significant damage in the crash and had to be towed away on a flatbed trailer. This isn't the first time one of Google's self-driving vehicles was involved in an accident, but it does appear to be the first time one of the tech giant's cars sustained serious damage. In a statement to 9to5Google.com, Google said, "Thousands of crashes happen everyday on US roads, and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the US. Human error plays a role in 94% of these crashes, which is why we're developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer." The United States Department of Transportation earlier this week outlined a set of 15 safety assessment objectives for autonomous vehicle manufacturers to meet. The DOT said "automated vehicles hold enormous potential benefits for safety, mobility and sustainability." Related Video: News Source: 9to5Google.com, G4 via YouTube Image Credit: G4 via YouTube Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Etc. Government/Legal Green Lexus Technology Crossover Autonomous Hybrid accident crash google lexus lexus rx lexus rx450h mountain view self-driving facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Login Logout Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All 0 Delete Report Reply Trending Here are the least-reliable vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Is it time to buy a Pontiac Aztek? Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Tesla Model S gets $2,000 price increase Here are the least-reliable vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Is it time to buy a Pontiac Aztek? Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Tesla Model S gets $2,000 price increase Follow Us Tech News NHTSA thinks quiet hybrids and electric cars are a bad thing Recharge Wrap-up: Blix Bike Vika folding e-bike, Tesla bundles Model X colors Las Vegas streetlights are powered by your footsteps View more From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books Toyota Camry 2007 thru 2011: Includes Avalon and Lexus ES 350 (Haynes Repair Manual) Toyota Camry: 2002 thru 2006 - Avalon & Lexus ES 300/330 (2002 thru 2006) - Solara (2002 thru 200... Toyota Camry 1997 thru 2001: All Models - Includes Avalon, Solara & Lexus ES 300 (Haynes Automot... Toyota Highlander Lexus RX 300/330/350 1999 Thru 2014 (Haynes Repair Manual) Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories Bosch 28A ICON Wiper Blade - 28" (Pack of 1) Rain-X 5079281-2 Latitude Water Repellency Wiper Blade, 26" (Pack of 1) Rain-X RX30224 Weatherbeater Wiper Blade, 24" (Pack of 1) Bosch 22B ICON Wiper Blade - 22" (Pack of 1) Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise 10 Lexus & Toyota Engine Under Cover Push-Type Retainer Swordfish 60010 192pc Black Nylon Shield and Push Type Retainer Assortment Kit Kootek Replacement for CF10285 Car Cabin Air Filter with Active Carbon for Toyota / Lexus / Scion... Lexus Car Logo Metal Key Ring Key Chain Keyring Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies Auto Mundial 06/07/15 Auto Mundial 04/24/16 Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Videos How To Change Your Car Battery | Autoblog WrenchedWatch Video The Grand Tour turns wrecked Toyota Prius hybrids into artWatch Video Lamborghini expands Huracan range with rear-wheel-drive convertibleWatch Video The 2017 Mazda CX-5 is new, and oh so very redWatch Video 2017 Honda Civic Si fills the performance gap between Sport and Type RWatch Video Meet the man with a million-dollar Hot Wheels collectionWatch Video Jay Leno's first time behind the wheel of the F40 is a magical momentWatch Video The Grand Tour countdown by the numbersWatch Video Recharge Wrap-up: Tow-charging a Tesla, Hyundai Tucson Fuel Cell taxis in ParisWatch Video Does the Ford Focus RS live up to the hype? We took it to the track to find outWatch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Etc. Etc. Government/Legal Government/Legal Green Green Lexus Lexus Technology Technology Crossover Crossover Autonomous Autonomous Hybrid Hybrid accident accident crash crash google google lexus lexus lexus rx lexus rx lexus rx450h lexus rx450h mountain view mountain view self-driving self-driving Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2016 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
Home Marketing Services Conversion Rate Optimization Services Learn CRO Guide WordPress Content Marketing Power Articles Conversion Rate Optimization Digital Marketing Strategy & Conversions How We Increased Leads by 493% for a B2B Racing Toward Strategic Conversions Online Marketing Digital Marketing Checklist for Chief Marketing Officers Facebook Kapow Split Test & How You Know It’s Done Search Engine Optimization Social Media Marketing Testing and Analytics WordPress Site Design TacTech Talk: Responsive Schmonsive; and Authentic SMM WordPress Content Marketing Solutions that Rock WordPress Sites with Built-in Split Testing Hotel & Inn Marketing 10 Marketing Tips to Boost Profitability at Your Inn AirBnb vs. BnBs in Seattle Hotel Marketing Tip: Don’t Sell the Steak—Sell the Sizzle! What Channels for Hotel Room Inventory? About Webdirexion Digital Marketing Site Index Contact Select Page Fort Lauderdale Hotel SEO Audit by Briana Barkett | Jul 30, 2016 | Newsletter, Online Marketing | 0 comments Relevance. Are you aware that Google places relevance as the prime indicator for how highly a site ranks on search engine results pages (SERPs)? Google lives or dies on serving the most relevant returns in order of priority. It’s one thing to be relevant to the “Google bot” so you rank well, but how can you tell if your website is relevant to your target audience? At Webdirexion, we use SEO site comparison audits, along with other tools, in order to determine what is working well, and what isn’t. And, in order to check your relevance to your specific target “personas”, we always recommend you first outline their pain points and motivators, then track your conversion rate results.  In this article, we focus on SEO and compare two websites in the hotel industry, an industry we specialize in, to consider how both websites could improve their SEO and Content Marketing. Initial impression: both sites are in need of some significant changes to improve SEO. The keyword was not used in the title for either site and therefore, both titles should be rewritten in order to include the phrase. Depending on the keyword or phrase that either site wishes to rank for, it should be included in both the title and description tag. This did not occur for either site in either area for the phrase ‘Fort Lauderdale hotel.’ Keyword was not found in description tag for either website. Alt tags also need to be used in order to improve SEO, however, there was a lack of alt tags for both websites. Ocean Sky Resort did use the keyword in an alt tag, which is good, but overall both sites are in need of improvement in this area. As for heading tags, Ocean Sky Resort did a much better job of optimizing their heading tags. While Riverside Hotel had headings present, they did not include the keyword, and there was also a duplicate heading tag found. Riverside Hotel should rewrite their headings in order to include the key phrase and make sure each heading is distinct, something that Ocean Sky Resort was able to accomplish. Keyword issues continued in the actual copy found on the website, particularly for Riverside Hotel. The phrase was not used enough times and was not emphasized in the copy either through bolding the phrase or using it in anchor text. Ocean Sky Resort did a much better job, as the keyword was used multiple times, found in anchor text, and emphasized either through bolding, italicizing, or underlining. Ocean Sky Resort could improve their copy by inserting the key phrase earlier (ideally in the first 100 words). In terms of social presence, both sites do an equal job, having share buttons for Facebook, Twitter, and Google+ present. Neither site includes a link to a blog, which is a feature that could be implemented that would improve SEO. Looking at the link analysis, Riverside Hotel fares slightly better, although both sites do an adequate job. Riverside Hotel has more page and root domain links, and also has a slightly higher Page Authority and Domain Authority. Improving crucial SEO areas such as inserting the key phrase into copy more frequently, adding alt tags, adding a blog, and earning more links from other well-established pages would help to better the Page Authority and Domain Authority scores for both pages. Note that both sites need a “link to a blog”.  Blog marketing is one of the top SEO tactics since it extends reach and posts when written well will engage your primary business prospects.  Google gives SEO points for frequently updated relevant content.  We’ve written about triple leveraging blog posts as a further amplification of reach tactic.  And there are also good ways now to boost posts on Facebook.  Since we get a lot of interest in these tactics by busy owners and marketers, we’ve created some campaign services to help you out — download our R.A.C.E. “Winning Marketing Strategy” overview (PDF) to see one of our new services.  The do contact us to review other campaign options. It is interesting that  and possibly telling that Riverside Hotel has both a high number of links from external sites (2233) plus a lower audit score.  This could mean that at one point they engaged in some junk SEO work with a lot of low relevance links from low quality sites.  If this is true, and you can check it with Google’s Search Console (was Webmaster Tools), then this property may need to do some “link cleaning” and disavowing of spam like link practices. Finally, neither site is accessible via HTTPS, something that is becoming increasingly important for all websites, not just pages where secure information is exchanged. In conclusion, both websites have important areas of their SEO that they need to improve. In particular, the key phrase should be used throughout the website in key areas such as the title, description, alt tags, and of course, the actual copy located on the page. Both sites would benefit from the addition of a blog, which will help with not only SEO, but also other important aspects like social media, customer loyalty, and customer engagement. Switching to HTTPS will benefit both sites to boost their security and trustworthiness, and will improve SEO as Google uses HTTPS as a ranking signal.   Written by Briana Barkett Briana is our content maven at Webdirexion bringing writing, editing, SEO, and social media skills to the team.  She graduated from the University of Georgia with a B.A. in Communication Studies and has served as an "Ambassador for Global Awareness" a volunteer assignment to promote civil rights and social action.At Webdirexion she is helping with writing, editing, quality checks, and learning page layout and split testing using the Divi WordPress theme. → View all posts by Briana Barkett Submit a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website More Leads… Webdirexion specializes in CRO -- learn more new book on CRO by Chief Optimizer, Scott Frangos and the Webdirexion team (get a publisher's special) CategoriesCategoriesSelect CategoryConversion Rate OptimizationHealthcare MarketingHotel & Inn MarketingInbound MarketingLaw Firm MarketingNewsNewsletterOnline MarketingSearch Engine OptimizationSocial Media MarketingTesting and AnalyticsVideo MarketingWebsite Design and DevelopmentWordPress Site Design Recent Posts SEO, Content Strategy & The Ranking Brain Facebook Kapow Split Test & How You Know It’s Done Winning Content Marketing: Testing your Message House WordPress Sites with Built-in Split Testing Learn More Topics a/b testing advertising analytics B2B Content Marketing B2B Social Media branding content marketing content strategy crm curation Digital Marketing email marketing facebook advertising Google+ graphic design principles Healthcare Marketing HootSuite Hotel & Inn Marketing Hotel Booking Software inbound marketing Landing Page Optimization Law Firm Marketing lead generation mailchimp marketing automation marketing funnel marketing strategy Mobile Ready Websites outsource marketing PPC Public Relations R.A.C.E. Marketing responsive web design SEO SEO Audit social media marketing TacTech Talk video marketing virtual marketing team web development wordpress About Webdirexion LLC (888.974.9522): Webdirexion LLC is a digital marketing agency fielding a team of seasoned specialists in CRO, Content Marketing, Social Media Engagement, Advertising and Marketing Automation. We connect all the dots in your marketing cycle from prospecting online, to gathering leads and nurturing them into new clients and customers. Recent Articles SEO, Content Strategy & The Ranking Brain Facebook Kapow Split Test & How You Know It’s Done Winning Content Marketing: Testing your Message House WordPress Sites with Built-in Split Testing Digital Marketing Checklist for Chief Marketing Officers Topics Conversion Rate Optimization Healthcare Marketing Hotel & Inn Marketing Inbound Marketing Law Firm Marketing News Newsletter Online Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Marketing Testing and Analytics Video Marketing Website Design and Development WordPress Site Design Our Services Content Marketing Conversion Rate Optimization Hotel Marketing Solutions RACE Marketing Strategy Social Media Marketing WordPress Support Services Webdirexion is a pro solution partner with Hootsuite, and an experienced reseller and developer with WordPress, MailChimp, Elegant Themes, OnePageCRM, Nelio A/B Testing & WP Site & Liquid Web Hosting. Facebook Twitter Google RSS © 2012 to 2016, Webdirexion LLC. All rights reserved. See our Privacy Policy. Share This Share this post with your friends! LinkedIn Google+ Twitter StumbleUpon Facebook Gmail FREE eBook: Subscribe Subscribe to our Webdirexion R.A.C.E. newsletter and we'll send you a free 34 page eBook on winning your own marketing race using smart tactics (Reach. Act. Convert. Engage.). PLUS... we will enter you in a drawing to win a copy of our book, The Marketer's Concise Guide to CRO. SUBSCRIBE! You have subscribed - R.A.C.E. eBook on its way!
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Notebooks Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Smartphones Mobile GPUs Motherboards Storage SSDs Asus CPUs Home> Notebooks New Chrome OS Update Enables Google Play on Acer’s and ASUS' Chromebooks by Anton Shilov on September 24, 2016 4:30 PM EST Posted in Notebooks Acer Asus Chrome OS Android Chromebook 23 Comments | Add A Comment 23 Comments + Add A Comment Google has released an update for its Chrome OS that enables select Chromebooks to run apps designed for Google Android and access Google Play Store. Right now, only two mobile PCs, one from Acer and another from ASUS, are compatible with the new build, but the fact of the release confirms Google’s intentions to enable Android software on its OS for PCs. Google has been trying to bring programs developed for Android to its Chrome OS platform for over two years now. At first, it tried to encourage developers to port certain apps to Chrome OS, but that only worked out for a limited number of programs. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced plans to alter Chrome OS to enable all Android apps from the Play Store to work in sandbox environments. Then, the company made its Play Store available to select Chromebook models running dev or beta channel builds. Finally, starting from this month, the Play Store is heading to stable Chrome OS builds. Last week Google released Stable channel 53.0.2785.129 (Platform version: 8530.90.0) for the Acer Chromebook R11 (C738T) as well as the ASUS Chromebook Flip. The update contains numerous bug fixes, security updates, feature improvements as well as the Google Play Store (beta). Those, who have already received the new stable channel version, will need to enable the PlayStore in the Chrome settings. It is not completely clear which kernel and security features are required to run Android apps in sandboxes, but at present the update is only available for the aforementioned two laptops and not even for Google’s own 2016 Chromebook Pixel. It remains unknown when and whether Google intends to enable the Play Store on other Chromebook devices. Meanwhile, one of the reasons why Google chose the Acer Chromebook R11 (C738T) and the ASUS Chromebook Flip as the first Google Play Store-compatible laptops could be their flip form-factor. It will be easier for consumers to use Android apps for tablets on a device, which can transform into a tablet. Update 9/24/2016: In fact, Google plans to enable Android apps on multiple Chrome OS-based PCs in 2016 and 2017. The list is located here. Android applications will make Google’s Chrome OS a bit more attractive to those who are looking for an alternative to web apps. Since there are hundreds of millions of active Android users, compatibility of Chrome OS with those applications could be good for Google's PC platform. However, keep in mind that many Chromebooks are built to rely on cloud-based services rather than on locally stored programs, which is why they only feature a limited amount of NAND flash-based storage. Therefore, to a certain degree, Android apps on Chrome OS will alter the concept of this platform and will require makers of hardware to take that into account when they design their next-gen Chromebooks. Sources: Google, AndroidAuthority, Android Police. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 23 Comments View All Comments alpha64 - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link Google has a list of Chrome devices that will support Android apps here: https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/chromi... https colin slash slash sites dot google dot com slash a slash chromium dot org slash dev slash chromeium-os slash chrome-os-systems-supporting-android-apps Reply mkozakewich - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link New idea for a horror film: "HTTP Colin Slash Slash!" Reply LVKen7 - Sunday, September 25, 2016 - link I seldom understand what Google does - where is a good place to go to UNDERSTAND THEM BETTER? Do you know? Thanks Reply SpartanJet - Monday, September 26, 2016 - link Google does everything it can to collect data and information to you so it can turn around and sell that information. Everything it does is to make a profit off you. Reply Anton Shilov - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link Thank you, the story has been updated. Reply pixelstuff - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link In your last section, are those forward slashes or back slashes? You should have been more specific there. ;-) Reply alpha64 - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link In my experience, unprefixed slashes are always forward ;-) Reply Solandri - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link Except in DOS / Windows where they're assumed to be backslashes. http://www.howtogeek.com/181774/why-windows-uses-b... Reply Flunk - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link Sounds like more evidence of Chrome OS being folded in to Android. Reply R.M.P. - Saturday, September 24, 2016 - link Actually, you must select a Chrome OS setting that enables/disable Play Store apps under Chrome OS. Your semantics imply something that isn't consistent with current reality. Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Promise Launches Pegasus3 External Storage via TB3: Up to 48 TB, 1.6 GBps G-Technology G-DRIVE slim SSD USB-C 500GB External SSD Capsule Review Seagate Introduces Backup Plus Portable 5 TB: The Largest Portable HDD to Date Best Laptops: Holiday 2016 NVIDIA Releases 375.86 WHQL Driver Update OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus TWEETS ganeshts: .@wimbet OP3T - price, and they know how to make proper use of screen real estate by providing option to NOT have on-screen nav. buttons IanCutress: eg Six chrome windows, choose 'Side by Side' to show all six on screen. Nope, not happening. Doesn't even acknowledge chrome windows at all IanCutress: I want to be able to use W10 for next gen benchmarks. But it's so hideously broken. Basic legacy functionality offered but not working. IanCutress: Five minutes into @MrJamesMay 's 'Things You Should Know: Chemistry' (S2E6) and already two errors. I'm shocked. RyanSmithAT: @shashpant Please get it in ASAP RyanSmithAT: @RichardOshey @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress As best as I can tell, none of them are supported on the MBP RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Snapchat introduces video glasses, new name USA TODAY 9/24/2016 Jefferson Graham © Snapchat Promo shot from Snapchat of the new Spectacles video glasses LOS ANGELES — Communications app Snapchat has a new name, Snap Inc., and is getting into the hardware business. Popular Searches Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 71.49 +0.07 +0.10% DryShips Inc DRYS ▲ 73.00 +30.14 +70.32% Tencent Holdings Ltd TCTZF ▼ 24.88 -0.52 -2.05% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 745.85 +2.61 +0.35% Early Saturday, Snapchat, one of the most popular smartphone apps, reaching 100 million visitors daily, announced its first physical product, available later this year: Spectacles are $129.99 glasses that can record up to 10 seconds of video, similar to Google Glass. Glass was the ill-fated attempt by the Google to get people wearing $1,500 computerized glasses in 2013 that could surf the Web and record images. Instead, the Glass project got poor reviews and poor response from neighbors, and was shelved by Google.  In a news release, Snapchat described Spectacles as "the best way to make memories ... hands-free, with the simple tap of a button." It put up a bare-bones website to announce the product, Spectacles.com, and says the video glasses will be "landing soon." It hasn't supplied ordering information.  Snapchat is dipping its toe beyond the app store, saying it will have just a "limited" number of Spectacles available for purchase. Coupled with the low price, that's certain to make Spectacles a tough-to-get item for the holidays.  Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel told The Wall Street Journal that taking photos from the vantage point of your eyes made more sense than holding up a smartphone, which is "like a wall in front of your face." The new name Snap Inc. represents how the Venice Beach, Calif., company is diversifying into other products.  The video on the glasses will be captured in a new circular video format, which can be played full-screen on smartphones in the Snapchat app within the Memories section, where users are directed to save their favorite images and Stories, which are collections of videos and photos. They'll also be saved to the device.  (This is similar to how 360 video looks before it is processed — as two big circular balls of video. The new glasses aren't expected to have as wide a view as 360 video.) Snapchat has been the leading proponent of vertical video--smartphone clips produced by holding the phone in the vertical, instead of horizontal position, saying users feel more natural looking at their phones that way. Production companies that make videos shown on Snapchat's Discover channel are told to produce them vertically.  Now comes another and this time presumably proprietary format, circular video.  Taylor Nikolai, a heavy Snapchat user who often gives lectures to businesses about how to be more visible on the platform, looks to circular video as the next wave, in light of the new Spectacles video format.  "When you wear the glasses, you're actually able to see an entire vision from the point of view of the camera ... the content will change because the platform has changed." Snapchat storytellers, who have used the tools to add text, drawings and photos into highly viewed "Stories," will have to learn new skills, he adds.  Go to MSN Home More in Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Can Trump undermine abortion rights? Not so fast USA TODAY Stand up to GOP on Supreme Court: Column USA TODAY WF investigates if plays leaked to Louisville USA TODAY Veteran backcourt can drive Kansas USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS Google shows off improved battery life with Chrome 53 By Mark Wilson Published 2 months ago 20 Comments Tweet Chrome has long been held up as an example of software being battery hungry. It's something that Google has been working to address with the Android version of the browser; now the company has turned its attention to the desktop build. In a new video that highlights the improvements that have been made in recent months, Google compares a Vimeo video running in Chrome 46 to the same video running in Chrome 53 on identical hardware -- a Microsoft Surface Book, since you ask. The results are impressive. Google's tests show that Chrome 53 gives more than two hours extra battery life, but the company admits that this is only in relation to video. It highlights the fact that the Mac version of Chrome now uses a third of the battery it used to, meaning more browsing on the move. But speed is also important. Revealing the results of the tests, Google says: Speed has always been a priority for Chrome. People spend so much time in the browser that even tiny page delays can add up to minutes of lost time every day. When measured with tools like Speedometer, improvements over the last year have made Chrome more than 15 percent faster on both desktop and Android. That’s good news if you’re working against a deadline or trying to place a last-minute order. We also know that you want to get as much browsing time out of your laptop’s battery as possible. So Chrome now uses less battery for sites that people visit the most. For example, Chrome for Windows lets you watch more video on sites like Vimeo, Facebook and YouTube than it did a year ago. Check out Google's video below which shows how battery life compares between Chrome 46 and Chrome 53: Photo credit: Thirteen / Shutterstock 20 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Microsoft releases SQL Server Preview for Ubuntu and Red Hat Enterprise Linux Cyber crime affects 40 percent of manufacturing companies Microsoft is now a Linux Foundation Platinum Member Test email brings UK's NHS to its knees Apple makes 2016 MacBook Pro harder to repair and upgrade Malwarebytes 3.0 beta is now available Smaller ISPs have happier customers Most Commented Stories Furious Kaspersky is 'disappointed and dismayed' with Microsoft 398 Comments President Trump: The hangover 273 Comments Hillary Clinton blames FBI email investigation for her election loss to Donald Trump 146 Comments Major Linux security hole found in Cryptsetup script for LUKS disk encryption 58 Comments Google fails to patch Chrome browser bug -- Microsoft Windows users at risk of scams 50 Comments © 1998-2016 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now Apps Truffle helps you share food tips with friends Later is a simpler replacement for Apple’s reminders Kaspersky eyes launching a real-time back-up service for social media leavers Browse more... Snapchat This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO Pinterest launches an ‘Explore’ section for trending topics and ideas Browse more... snapchat spectacles What’s next for smart glasses? Browse more... spectacles Crunch Report | Facebook’s Fake News Problem This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies Snapchat’s Spectacles are now on sale near Tulsa, Oklahoma Browse more... snap inc This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles Guess where Spectacles are going on sale next and win some TechCrunch swag Browse more... The hopes and headaches of Snapchat’s glasses Posted Sep 24, 2016 by Josh Constine (@joshconstine) 0 SHARES Next Story Taking a swing for the Grammys with the new Lip Sync Battle app Advertisement Snapchat is the only company cool enough to possibly dismantle the Google Glass stigma. Awkward, useless, and a threat to privacy are how many think of computers you wear on your face. Can Snapchat show off the masterful marketing and smooth execution required to produce a product that won’t die on stores shelves or in a desk drawer? To quickly recount the basics, a video of Snapchat’s new camcorder sunglasses leaked last night. Business Insider reported it, so the company rushed out the news with a Wall Street Journal piece that was planned for Monday. Snapchat is renaming its corporate self to Snap Inc, and launching its $130 Spectacles this fall in limited release. They’ll be one-size-fits all in black, teal, or coral colors. Spectacles let you tap the glasses’ rim to instantly record 10 seconds of video, three taps to record a maximum of 30 seconds, with a light on the front alerting people you’re recording. The video is captured with an 115-degree wide view lens in a circular format that can be watched full-screen on a phone in any orientation. The video is stored on the device and can be wirelessly offloaded to a phone over Wifi or Bluetooth so users can edit and share via Snapchat later. Spectacles’ battery should last a day, and you can get up to four full recharges from the portable charging case. But the real questions are whether people will want or need Spectacles when they already have a camera phone, how Snap Inc can avoid them becoming geeky or creepy, and how they might change the future of the startup and how we capture social media. Spectacles and their charging case. via Business Insider   Here we’ll explore the pitfalls and potential glory facing Snap Inc’s Spectacles. Headaches Do We Need A Second Camera? – Everyone already carries remarkably powerful cameras in their pockets. The biggest challenge for Specs will be defeating the status quo: taking photos and videos with your phone. Hold your iPhone or Android up in front of your face with one hand, and the experience might be similar enough to Specs to make them unneccessary. If you have Snapchat on your phone, do you need Spectacles? via Business Insider Snap Inc will have to prove how different and awesome the 115-degree, circular, first-person format is. That might require getting Specs into the hands of some talented creators before a wider release. Specs have to nail more than footage of skateboarding and playing with kids. They will have to show versatility, and might need some Specs-only animated lenses, filters, or other image embellishments to differentiate them enough from the super-engineered cameras in our iPhones. Spectacles raise the larger question of whether cameras are so important that sometimes we’ll want a dedicated non-professional capture device even if we have to remember to carry it around and charge it. Or whether the convenience and power of our always-with-us smartphone cameras do a good enough job already. Hands Are More Agile Than Heads – Try shooting video at a crowded concert from eye-level instead of thrusting your phone in the air, and you’ll quickly appreciate having your camera in your nimble hands, not strapped to your head. Getting the best angle often requires some maneuvering that’s much easier with your arms involved. Footage from Specs could come out shaky and jerky unless Snapchat can work in some auto-stabilization magic. Otherwise the videos they make could be dizzying or too hectic to watch. ReSPECtability – Google Glass got handed to geeky developers and techies first, who quickly associated the device with awkward social behavior and an “I’m better than you because I’m from the future” attitude. The infamous Scoble shower Glass photo still haunts the wearable industry. Reversing this stigma will require Snap Inc to carefully manage first impressions to make Spectacles aspirational, not deplorable. Unfortunately the “trying to be artful” portraits of Snap CEO Evan Spiegel wearing them are already establishing a slightly pretentious aura. Snap Inc CEO Evan Spiegel makes Spectacles seem a bit prtentious in this photo by Karl Lagerfield for WSJ Private Eyes, They’re Watching You – Snap was smart to make it obvious when Spectacles are recording with a big warning light. But after “Are your recording me!?!” scuffles in bars and businesses putting up “No Google Glass” signs, people are sure to be a little uneasy. We’re used to someone having to raise and aim their camera or phone at us before they’re able to record us, which gives us time to modify our behavior or turn away. Knowing that Spectacles could start shooting with a quick touch, even with the warning light, could make people uncomfortable being around anyone wearing them. Snap will have to find some way to communicate polite practices for how to use Specs before someone crosses the line and ignites controversy. The ghost is awake. pic.twitter.com/pUgkzyhxMP — Michael Sippey (@sippey) September 20, 2016 Hopes Live Life, Don’t Just Record It – Better cameras, network connections, and social networks have led to an explosion of lifecasting, led by Snapchat Stories (and copied by Instagram Stories). But they pose a risk to the way we experience our greatest moments. When something special happens, today most people bust out their phones rather than bask in the moment. Fans in the front row destroy their chance to connect with their rock star heroes by thrusting a phone between them. Then, people divorce themselves from the action while they stare down, editing their content with filters and captions before sharing. Spectacles let you live life rather than stare at your phone Snapchat’s recently launched Memories feature fights the second part of that sequence by letting you save what you record so you can edit and share later when you have some downtime. Spectacles could fix the first, removing the foreign object of the phone from the capture process. There’s still a device in the way, but at least it’s translucent, so you see the world directly while recording an identical view. Spectacles could actualize the metaphor of creating a window into each other’s lives, instead of watching our own lives unfold on a screen. The Camera Company – Building the camera itself rather than just the software gives Snap Inc a tighter grip on the experience. It could include hardware that wouldn’t fit in a phone. It can experiment more dramatically with how people record. And it provides deeper ownership of the data that comes out, which will be tucked in Snapchat Memories. Even if video ads remain Snap’s core way to earn money, diversifying beyond video ads could boost confidence in the startup’s expected IPO. Snapchat could earn $200 million if it can get just one percent of its daily users to buy them. The more of their stack a company owns, the more it can control its destiny. If Facebook is the News Feed, and Google is search, Snapchat wants to be the camera. Augmented Reality – Spectacles v1 only record the world around you, but future iterations could enhance it. Eventually, perhaps they could automatically give everyone a mustache, highlight your friends in a crowded room, let you watch other people’s Spectacles content like you were seeing through their eyes, or host a developer platform with untold applications. Snapchat’s selfie lenses were the first delivery of AR to the masses, and the company has been staffing up with experts who could build the next wave of augmentation. Perhaps they’ll add voice control or other IoT integrations in the future. Scenes We’ve Never Seen – What’s it like to walk down the red carpet? We’ve seen plenty of footage following a celebrity, but Spectacles could let us be the center of attention with fans and paparazzi fawning around us. We might get to see a concert from the singer’s eyes, or walk to runway as a fashion model Though Snapchat has always been for teens, parents might love the ability to hold their baby with both hands while recording. GoPro built the idiot-proof adventure camera, but Snap could build one for saving everyday joys. An Aspirational Device The marketing of Spectacles is an enormous opportunity for Snap Inc, but one fraught with peril. Initial perceptions could make or break Specs, and perhaps define how fast or slow we’ll adopt other types of head-worn computers. The most sensible strategy might mimic that of the acquirer Snapchat spurned. Facebook became an international hit in part because people desperately wanted to join what was seen as an exclusive, elite club. Each stage of Facebook’s rollout expanded it a rung down the social hierarchy. This way the next demographic to get it always idolized the last. Harvard, then elite US colleges, other American colleges, international colleges, high schools, and eventually everyone. It’s the opposite of how Google bungled roll outs of Google Glass (weird developers first) and Google+ (geographically and socially unclustered tech elite first). Snapchat might be best putting Spectacles on the faces of aspirational figures first — widely respected yet hip celebrities. If the first content coming out of Spectacles include the perspective of stars from classy movie premiers, epic concerts, raucous parties, and stunning sporting events, it could cement the idea that people you want to be wear them. Similarly, Snapchat might only want to distribute the original pairs of Specs through some kind of trusted network of influencers. And when it sells them publicly, it might be best to start in cultural capitals like LA and NYC, where the world already looks for what’s cool. Spectacles need to feel aspirational. via Business Insider Spectacles are a gadget that won’t be judged by their specs, but by whether they can change human behavior. Cramming new ways to act into our society will always be tougher than packing processing power into a chip. Overwriting the disgust instilled by Google Glass will take all of Spiegel’s skills. We might assume that one day, eyewear computers will shrink and strengthen to the point they become commonplace. But maybe Snap Inc has the stylish reputation and daredevil ambition to make that day come much sooner. 0 SHARES Featured Stories Microsoft announces the next version SQL Server for Windows and Linux 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois Google signs on to the .NET Foundation as Samsung brings .NET support to Tizen 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 20 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From Startups Truffle helps you share food tips with friends 2 hours ago | Anthony Ha Prynt grabs $7 million for its photo-printing phone case 3 hours ago | Romain Dillet Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste, abate hunger 4 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Phononic raises a cool $40 million to make quiet, spacious refrigerators 5 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Advertisement Comment moderation powered by Up Next Taking a swing for the Grammys with the new Lip Sync Battle app Posted Sep 24, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Google signs on to the .NET Foundation as Samsung brings .NET support to Tizen 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Microsoft announces the next version SQL Server for Windows and Linux 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 20 hours ago by Josh Constine Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 21 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Microsoft officially launches the first preview of Visual Studio for Mac 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Google Docs, Sheets, Slides and Forms now let you create custom templates 2 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois When bias in product design means life or death 2 hours ago by Carol E. Reiley Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley
null
tweet thisExplore Inverse Follow share this Follow inverse on Facebook Follow humans+ on Facebook Follow next level on Facebook Follow star wars on Facebook Follow science & chill on Facebook Follow inverse on Flipboard Sign up for our newsletter About Privacy Terms DMCA Archive 2016 Science Innovation Entertainment Culture Mind & Body Skunkworks» Lucid Motors Unveils Its Top-Secret 1000 Horsepower Electric Car7h ago Brave New Worlds» Mike Throws Down With His Creepy Twin in 'Candle Cove' Finale8h ago Science & Chill» There's a Part of The Brain Dedicated to Luke and Yoda1d ago Life in Space» SETI Veteran Says Real Aliens Are Probably Intelligent Machines1d ago Humans+» Harley Kills For Joker’s Love In 'Suicide Squad' Deleted Clip1d ago About Privacy Terms DMCA Archive 2016 A.I. Doesn't Get Black Twitter   The language of the internet doesn't follow the rules of English. Tonya Riley AI September 22, 2016 Approximately 8 of the 319 million people in the United States read the Wall Street Journal, about 2 percent of the population. If you look at the language — standardized English — being fed into many natural language processing units, it’s based on the language of that 2 percent. And many machines literally use the venerable, business-focused newspaper to better understand the English language. It might seem like an obvious choice. Standardized English is taught in schools, it’s used in legal documents, and it sets the basis for formal society. However, as Brendan O’Connor, assistant professor of computer sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst will tell you, the language of the internet doesn’t follow the rules of English. Yes, you can find the Queen of England on Twitter, but you can also find millions with dialects and languages from across the globe. “It’s a little closer to speaking in some way,” O’Connor tells Inverse. “In spoken language, there’s always been much more diversity. In online writing, there’s no one teaching us how to use language on the internet or [in text messages].” Enter Black Twitter O’Connor, who has a Ph.D. in computer science with a specialization in natural language learning, teamed up with other researchers to study the use of African-American language online, examining 59 million tweets from 2.8 million users, collecting what they believe the largest data set to date. Black Twitter is the perfect test case, even if people don’t get it. They went to the site because the Pew Center has shown to have a disproportionate number of black users. According to the Pew Center: “22 percent of online blacks are Twitter users.” Based on census data and Twitter’s geo-location features, the researchers used a statistical model that assumed a soft correlation between the language use and regional demographics. With the help of Lisa Green, linguistics professor and director of the Center for the Study of African-American Language at UMass, they confirmed the patterns against known African-American dialect. “I was always skeptical about if these speakers were actually from this community,” Green, who primarily focuses on primarily spoken dialects in South Louisiana, tells Inverse. However, in addition to the text correlating with modern slang, Green noticed patterns that were true to even African-American language in the 1950s and 1960. “That for me was really confirmation. It wasn’t just new slang but old patterns.” “Some of the standard construction were really used in the ways you expected them to be,” she says. Speakers really tried to write it in ways that were true to pronunciation. It’s that very hallmark of dialects, divergent from standard English, that cause natural language processors to fumble. Fed only articles from the Wall Street Journal, language from societal groups like Black Twitter isn’t seen by the machine as English at all. When researchers evaluated their model against natural language processing tools, such as Google’s SynaxNet (“an open-source neural network framework”), researchers found that the software flagged African-American English as “not English” at a much higher frequency than standard English. In Twitter’s own language identifier, identification based on African-American language was twice as bad, despite the large presence of African-American users on the site. “The standard tools being developed work worse on dialectical English,” O’Connor says. “Google’s parsers are going to do a worse job of analyzing it so it could be a case that our search systems might be worst at finding information from African-Americans. Language identification is the problem of you have a document and want language. This is a really crucial task. Your search engine only shows results written in English.” This means that blogs or websites that employ African-American language could actually be pushed down in search results because of Google’s language processing. O’Connor isn’t the first computer scientist to partner up with a linguist to shape his AI, but the extent to which their expertise is employed varies. “There’s always a question of how much linguistic knowledge we need to build into our system,” says O’Connor. While Green didn’t have prior experience in A.I. research, she saw the project as an important way of understanding how A.I. systems can become more diverse and incorporate more diverse players. “As a linguist I’m always interested in language. There’s always been a question of the extent to which a computer can learn language,” she says. “It’s always good to go for homogenous texts that are clean, you’re safe that way, but you’ll leave out a whole chunk of the population,” says Green. As artificial intelligence increasingly becomes a staple of everyday life, diversity in the field becomes increasingly crucial in making sure that A.I. reflects the world it aims to serve. O’Connor’s team isn’t the first to have noticed problems with existing natural language processing systems. Earlier this summer researchers at Boston University and Microsoft Research pointed out that Google’s neural network models, word2vec, create word embeddings based on datasets that promote sexist stereotypes. For instance, where the network would associate Paris: France, Japan: Tokyo, it would make similar associations between Father:Doctor and Mother:Homemaker. “If the input data reflects stereotypes and biases of the broader society, then the output of the learning algorithm also captures these stereotypes,” reads an abstract for the paper. “As their use becomes increasingly common, applications can inadvertently amplify unwanted stereotypes.” Diversity has become a question for all artificial intelligence systems, not just natural language learning. Any English-speaking Siri user with a non-American accent can tell you that even the most sophisticated voice processing still lags for some. Olga Russakovsky, a post-doctorate researcher at Carnegie Mellon University, says that visual learning systems also have to combat the biases that are inherent in limited data sets. “We talk about this all the time. When we analyze sort of closed-world sets of pictures, this represents biases of a visual world,” she tells Inverse Russakovsky says that the key is to acknowledge the limitations of data sets and not making too broad of claims about the results. “In the age of designing systems with big data, of course the type of data you put in will determine what it learns,” says Russakovsky. “Kind of like when you have a person who grows up with a certain set of experiences that what they learn.” Projects like O’Connor’s are one way to combat limited data sets, but that kind of triage might not be necessary if preventative measures take place. “Diversity in terms of people and research that gets done and how these issues are actually very intertwined,” says Russakovsky. That’s why Russakovsky co-founded the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory’s Outreach Summer. The program sought to increase interest in A.I. amongst 10th-grade girls by contextualizing the social impact of A.I. A study after the program showed that the program statistically increased significant technical knowledge, interest in pursuing careers in A.I., and confidence in succeeding in A.I. and computer science amongst the girls. “The way we develop A.I. comes from the way we teach A.I.,” says Russakovsky. Russakovsky says A.I. is normally taught technology-first, application-second which can deter students who might be interested in things like the humanistic and societal impacts. “This is becoming a huge part of our society” Instead, the Stanford program focused on things like doing disaster relief through analyzing tweets. “This is becoming a huge part of our society; we’re moving toward a world where A.I. really can transform so many different aspects of our lives. So if all we talk about is autonomous driving which is a great application there’s going to be tons of people who maybe don’t get excited about A.I.,” says Russakovsky. “That paradigm only appeals to the certain fraction of people.” But until the percentage of minority employees in companies like Google and Facebook grows past its current rates, which hover around 2 percent, researchers like O’Connor have a long way to go in making sure discrimination gets noticed by the companies shaping the future of A.I. “We talk to companies all the time,” say O’Connor. His lab is considering creating a software down the line to help companies account for the language discrimination his team unearthed. Photos via Getty Images / Andrew Burton Inverse Tonya Riley@tonyajoriley Tonya is a freelance writer based in Brooklyn. Her work has appeared in publications including Mic, MEL, Fusion, Reductress and Cosmopolitan. She writes about technology and weird things men like. 7h ago Lucid Motors Unveils Its Top-Secret 1000 Horsepower Electric CarSkunkworks» 11h ago Jaguar's New Electric SUV is a Crazy-Fast Tesla Model X CloneSkunkworks» 10h ago Should Elon Musk Explain Climate Change to Donald Trump?Skunkworks» 1d ago Facebook Has to Make a Choice on How to Stop Fake NewsSkunkworks» 1d ago Boom Technology's “Baby Boom” Supersonic Jet Prototype Is Sleek AFSkunkworks» 1d ago This Radar Could Finally Make Delivery Drones LegalSkunkworks» 1d ago A Wood-Fueled Plane Just Flew Across the CountrySkunkworks» 1d ago Intel's CEO Thinks "Data Is the New Oil." He's Right.Skunkworks» 1d ago How Much Did Twitter Help Donald Trump?Innovation» PreviousNext Related The 4 Types of AI That Will Rule Our Future AI researchers explain the barriers that separate humans and machines.  Pepper the Robot's Primary Objective: Get the Humans in the Stores The Beginner's Guide to the A.I. Apocalypse, 2016 Edition The Surprising Hazards of Sounding Like a Robot The proliferation of A.I. has people more focussed than ever on the human voice. How Do We Get to 'Westworld?' In the World of A.I. Ethics, the Answers Are Murky This A.I. Chatbot Is Scaring Lawyers and Fighting Homelessness DoNotPay can get you out of a parking ticket, or into a home.  Can We Trust Our Artificially Intelligent Robot Assistants to Not Make Sex Tapes? Princeton Undergrad Creates Google Deep Dream-Inspired Deepjazz A.I. Music Maker Facebook Solving Facebook's Fake News Problem Takes Ten Lines of Javascript Daniel Sieradski sought to show Facebook how to handle its growing problem. AI The 4 Types of AI That Will Rule Our Future AI researchers explain the barriers that separate humans and machines.  The Surprising Hazards of Sounding Like a Robot Pepper the Robot's Primary Objective: Get the Humans in the Stores Hoverboards People Are Still Falling Off Hoverboards It's an epidemic actually. 'Knights of New Jersey' Is 'The Office' But at a Renaissance Festival What Are the Military Applications of Real-Life Hoverboards? Get Inverse In Your Inbox sign upno thanks, take me back to the article »
▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Subscribe Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $36.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: Americas | U.S. HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. LICKEN TURD DOLLS TOO TELL THE TRUTH CHANNEL THIRTEEN INDY BAY BILL GATES SHARK EVERY WAD by HITLERSON WARMACHT Saturday Sep 24th, 2016 10:23 AM DAVID ID A TURD CALL ROB NORSE F.R.S.C. GET YA PANTY WAGGED TURDS STUCK UP ASS YOUR BILLY GATES LICK TURDS FAST ! © 2000–2016 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › arts › tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical movies home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Strictly Come Dancing Strictly Come Dancing 2016: week one, show two – as it happened It’s Ed Balls time! But did his first dance win over the judges? We followed the action as the remaining nine couples danced for the first time Updated Will his waltz be a winner? Ed Balls with Katya Jones. Photograph: Guy Levy/BBC Heidi Stephens Saturday 24 September 2016 13.39 EDT Last modified on Saturday 24 September 2016 17.46 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Live feed Show 2.58pm EDT 14:58 So that’s IT for Week One! Some great performances over the last couple of nights, this is lining up to be a corker of a series. Next week’s show kicks off at 6.20pm, and it’s a two hour dance marathon so bring plenty of supplies. Thank you everyone who joined in this evening, am off to drink wine and read your comments. Come and say hello @heidistephens on Twitter if you’re passing, otherwise I’ll see you on Wednesday for Bake Off, or next Saturday for Strictly! Have a great week, Hx Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.56pm EDT 14:56 Goodness there’s a lot of them. The beginning of a new Strictly season always feels a bit overwhelming, can’t we just ditch four or five couples in Week 2? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.55pm EDT 14:55 So after Week One, Daisy and Alijaz are at the top of the leaderboard, with Ed and Katya at the bottom. No vote to leave this week, but the scores will be carried over to next week. Time for a recap! I’ve already forgotten what happened last night. Ah yes, Rinder and Ore’s trousers. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.53pm EDT 14:53 Scores: 8,8,7,7 – a total of 30 for Will and Karen. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.52pm EDT 14:52 Len thought the hold was a bit wide, but an excellent performance. Bruno loved the mood and Will’s acting – really focussed and intense. Craig thought Will’s feet were turned out in places, but he loved the intent. Darcey loved the attack and power – but the boys are right about Will’s frame (DRINK). Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.51pm EDT 14:51 Will and Karen are playing chess, with bonus arm wrestling. Despite his too-short trousers and pussy-bow tie, this is a pretty decent Tango, with some nice footwork and a commanding presence from Will. His butt sticks out and he looks a bit knock-kneed, but not bad at all. Go Will. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.47pm EDT 14:47 And finally for tonight, it’s Will and Karen! Their first dance is the Tango to ‘Let’s Dance’ by David Bowie. In many ways I think Will Young stumbling through a Tango in Week One of Strictly is definitely what Bowie would have wanted. Next week Will plans to dance the Argentine Tango to Prince’s ‘When Doves Cry’, and after that is anyone’s guess. Cilla? Wogan? Maurice White? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.46pm EDT 14:46 Scores: 6,6,7,7 - a total of 26 for Claudia and AJ. The scoring paddles are meaningless now, aren’t they? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.45pm EDT 14:45 Darcey thought they were great to watch, but needs to be more dynamic. Len didn’t like the gymnastics, but it was a great job. Bruno gets all patronising about how cute Claudia is, which I’ve got zero time for. Craig thought it was stompy (DRINK), but was impressed with gymnastics in heels. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.42pm EDT 14:42 Claudia is tiny, so copious fringing in horizontal stripes makes her look like a frumpy lampshade. Claudia is anything but frumpy, so please no more fringing for Claudia. THANKS! Well this is fun – great hip action from Claudia and some nice shaping. Her footwork lacks precision and is a bit sluggish in places, but a great job (with bonus gymnastics) Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 5 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Strictly Come Dancing Television Entertainment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio selected music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › TV & radio › Strictly Come Dancing Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Self-Driving Car Gets Into Worst Accident Yet: Is The Autonomous Car At Fault This Time? 24 September 2016, 9:07 am EDT By Chris Loterina Tech Times Autonomous Cars - Five Things To Know About Self Driving CarsNow Playing Latest News And Scoop On Cars And Auto TechNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Google confirms that one of its automated vehicles was involved in an accident in Mountain View. The vehicle, which was reported as a Lexus, sustained severe damage after colliding with a commercial van.  ( Google ) Advertisement One of Google's self-driving vehicles sustained significant damage Friday, Sept. 23, after it met an accident while traversing the city streets in Mountain View. The company has already confirmed the incident and promptly issued an official response, which included an admission that the car was indeed in control or under self-driving mode. The event could prove significant because it will effectively become the first case where the car has been severely damaged. Accounts from witnesses revealed that the automated vehicle was a Lexus sedan that was hit by a commercial van after its driver took the red light. The van crashed into the vehicle's passenger side. Fortunately, no one appeared to be hurt in the incident. According to the police, there was a passenger inside the automated vehicle when the crash occured. A separate report indicated that this passenger took control of the car when collision was imminent and attempted to apply the brakes. The Google employee was reportedly visibly shaken as he was awaiting tow service. It is important to note that the Google's self-driving vehicle was not at fault. It supports the dominant narrative that the accidents for self-driving cars today, particularly those involving Google's automated vehicles, are mostly caused by humans. This is also true in the case of vehicular accidents in general. "Thousands of crashes happen every day on U.S. roads, and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the U.S.," Google said in an official statement. "Human error plays a role in 94% of these crashes, which is why we're developing fully self-driving technology to take human error out of the equation, and make our roads safer." So far, there is only one case where a Google automated vehicle is partially at fault and this happened when a self-driving Lexus struck a transit bus early this year. Safety has been a critical issue for self-driving car technologies today. Tesla, for example, has been embroiled in a controversy these past few months over concerns that its Autopilot technology is not safe for its passengers. The public, however, can rely on Google to disclose all the details regarding its self-driving car technology. It publishes a monthly report that outlines the progress and developments of its automated vehicles. In April, for example, it disclosed a side mirror damage that a stationary vehicle sustained after being hit by a passing car. "[When the Google car] stopped in order to yield to traffic approaching from the left on San Antonio Road, a vehicle approaching at approximately 9 mph from behind the prototype collided with the rear bumper of the prototype vehicle," Google dutifully reported. TAG Google Self Driving Car, Automated Car Technology, Tesla Autopilot, Car Accidents © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles This Is How Apple And McLaren Would Change The Auto Industry (If Apple Acquires The Supercar Maker) US Gov't To Roll Out Self-Driving Car Guidelines: Companies Will Need To Meet 15-Point Safety Assessment Under New Policies Lyft Vows Transportation Revolution: Self-Driving Cars To Rule Rides, Abolishing Car Ownership By 2025 Tesla, Mobileye Continue To Quarrel Over The Real Reason Behind The Split Related To The Autopilot System Google Wants To Transform Waze Into Ride-Sharing Platform: How Is It Different From Uber? From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Translate Gets Neural Machine Translation To Deliver More Natural Answers 2 Google Google Launches PhotoScan App To Easily Digitize Old Photos: Features, Tradeoffs And How It Works [Video] 3 Public Health You Can Get Both Zika And Chikungunya Viruses From One Mosquito Bite Advertisement 4 Apps/Software WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Calling For Android, iOS And Windows 5 Video Games 'Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild' May Be Getting Another Delay, Might Miss Nintendo Switch Launch 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Internet Google Doesn't Handle Fake News Well: Search For 'Final Election Numbers' Yields Bogus Website As Top Result 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Space Supermoon 2016: Here Are The Best Photos Of The Supermoon Snapped Around The World EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Sep 25, 2016 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Twitter starts talks to sell itself: source POSITIVE REACTION:The company’s shares jumped more than 19% to US$22.22 per share on Friday, the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013 Reuters Twitter Inc has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signaling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile, but money-losing, social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumors for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company’s business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, on Friday reported that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google and might receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com Inc is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google’s parent company, did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon Communications Inc, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on merger and acquisition rumors, but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 percent to US$22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of about US$16 billion. Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. “From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce,” Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com’s interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. However, a recent presentation about its new “Einstein” artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company’s strategy. Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter “firehose” of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. The two companies are located just blocks from each other in San Francisco. Twitter missed Wall Street’s sales expectations in both the first and second quarters, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly US$2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook Inc’s Instagram and Snapchat Inc. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter went public in November 2013 at US$26 a share. The shares peaked above US$74 just over a month after its initial public offering, but have been on a steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday’s close at US$18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value. This story has been viewed 1764 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-10 to 2016-11-17 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EDITORIAL: What Trump means for Taiwan 2 Trump triumphs 3 US ELECTION: Taiwanese experts weigh in on Trump 4 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 5 Tsai sends congratulations to Trump, thanks Obama MORE  1 Trump triumphs 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.

PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BestPS4Games SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAbuse GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Google Allo's Privacy Flaws: Concerning But Not a Dealbreaker Google Allo's Privacy Flaws: Concerning But Not a Dealbreaker By Tom Brant September 24, 2016 09:00am EST 10 Comments The main threat is the unlikely scenario that Google itself could be hacked, according to security experts. Depending on how you view it, Google Allo is either a friendly chat bot that can help you find information and make plans with friends, or an invasion of privacy that gives Google even more insight into the inner workings of your digital life. Either way, one thing is clear: as it does with many of its products, Google intends to use Allo chat histories as a way to help train its machine-learning algorithms. But the revelations that your messages will remain on Allo until you chose to delete them and that the app is unencrypted by default caused a bit of an uproar this week. For some security experts, Allo's unsecured default settings aren't necessarily a problem. Malwarebytes CEO Marin Kleczynski thinks that Google's "we're storing your data unless you tell us not to" arrangement is further evidence that there's nothing especially risky about Allo, but that if you use it you shouldn't have a reasonable expectation of privacy. "It's likely that using this app might be something you wouldn't mind using on a regular basis," Kleczynski wrote in an email to PCMag. That's especially true if you use Allo's "incognito mode," which encrypts messages and also disables Google Assistant, Allo's main AI component, essentially transforming the app into a version of Google Hangouts. The main threat, he said, is the unlikely scenario that Google itself could be hacked: although your Allo chat history may be relatively innocuous, Google likely has collected other information on you that represents more of a risk if it were stolen. "Google servers are incredibly secure and if they were breached, folks would need to be far more concerned about their email, location, payment information, and browsing history being up for grabs from bad guys before concerns about what messages they sent," Kleczynski wrote. Still, why take the risk? If you're looking for a way to chat with friends, and don't need an AI assistant at your beck and call, there are plenty of more secure options. Among the most mainstream is Facebook's Messenger. It automatically encrypts messages, though Facebook is adding bots and other features to Messenger, positioning the app as a standalone service separate from its social network. For someone who wants a messaging app that's explicitly focused on privacy, Telegram and Signal are also options. But even those won't satisfy the most security-conscious user. "Secure is relative," software security expert Dennis Batchelder wrote in an email to PCMag. Batchelder, who formerly directed Microsoft's antivirus division, said that ultimately there should be no expectation of privacy with any messaging app. //Related Articles The Best Password Managers of 2016 So Allo, which launched this week, is the latest entrant to an insecure but relatively benign corner of the tech industry. As with Google Photos and many of the search giant's other free services, by using Allo you're helping Google train its artificial intelligence and giving up some expectation of privacy in the process. If you share sensitive or illegal content on Allo, your main risk is that Google could be hacked or subpoenaed, and as Yahoo users found out this week, no amount of privacy controls or encryption can guard against that. "I think what people are really up in arms about is the fact that these messages are stored, potentially forever, on Google servers which can be subpoenaed by law enforcement and used as evidence against the user," Kleczynski wrote. "Folks who use this app will become more and more comfortable with the collection, storage, and analysis of their private messages, something that could potentially lead to a future without privacy." Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Back to top Previous : Verify Yourself on Uber and Bumble With a Selfie Uber Eyes Aircraft That Can Take Off Vertically Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom IBM Built a Copy of the Internet for Mock Cyberattacks A new Massachusetts facility will help companies recover from attacks. More » Google Expands Neural Networks for Language Translation The new system can translate whole sentences at a time, rather than just phrases. More » Google Launches AI Web Demos, Try Them for Yourself Google is trying to interest consumers in the same machine learning that powers its cloud enterprise... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
null
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology Snapchat Spectacles debut: What did Snap learn from Google Glass? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Why are these toys considered the '10 worst' for 2016? Clinton leads popular vote, but Trump says he could have won it if he tried Trump ditches press for dinner: could that say anything about his presidency? How to watch the Leonid meteor shower tonight Snap Inc. CEO Evan Spiegel announced its new product - sunglasses with a camera - that aims to avoid the missteps Google took in launching its infamous Google Glass. By Zhai Yun Tan, Staff September 24, 2016 Save for later Saved About video ads Snap Inc. CEO Evan Spiegel announced the company's first hardware product called Spectacles, a pair of sunglasses with a built in camera that can record 10-second videos. View Caption About video ads View Caption of Google Glass was called “dorky: “not useful” and “disturbing to people around.” The tech giant’s failure to revolutionize high-tech eyewear left a gap in the field - one that Snapchat is trying to fill with its first hardware product. Announced on Friday to a small group of people, Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel revealed the product - called Spectacles - as a pair of sunglasses that has the ability to capture short videos from a first person perspective, reports The Wall Street Journal. The company is also renaming itself Snap Inc. to reflect its move away from only offering messaging services. While Snapchat officials say the camera glasses will only be available this fall in limited editions, it is apparent that the company has learned some lessons from Google Glass. The price, aesthetics, and simplicity of Spectacles are almost the opposite of the Google Glass approach. Recommended: The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions The goal for Spectacles was to create a way of capturing video without the hassle of holding a camera or phone and from a perspective that fully immerses the user, according to Spiegel who described in his experience testing a prototype in 2015. The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/16 “It was our first vacation, and we went to Big Sur for a day or two. We were walking through the woods, stepping over logs, looking up at the beautiful trees. And when I got the footage back and watched it, I could see my own memory, through my own eyes – it was unbelievable,” Spiegel told The Wall Street Journal. “It’s one thing to see images of an experience you had, but it’s another thing to have an experience of the experience. It was the closest I’d ever come to feeling like I was there again.” Here’s how Spectacles camera works: A click on a button at the corner of the sunglasses will record up to 10 seconds of video. The camera has a wide-angle lens - similar to a fish-eye lens on GoPro cameras. The glasses connect wirelessly to a smartphone. When Google Glass was first pitched in 2012, the price point was $1,500 per pair. Spectacles will also have limited distribution in the beginning, but its price will be at a much lower $129.99, potentially easing the complaints many had about Google Glass’ exorbitant price that wasn’t worth the hype. One of the biggest criticisms about Google Glass was that it was an invasion of privacy. The glasses were  banned in some restaurants for potentially disturbing other people and users have reported being told by strangers to  take the glasses off when walking on the street. “I found that i t was not very useful for very much, and it tended to disturb people around me that I have this thing,” James Katz, the director of emerging media studies at Boston University’s College of Communication, told MIT Technology Review in 2014. Spectacles circumvent that by only recording 10 seconds of video at a time, and it being sunglasses, may limit its use indoors, which could decrease wariness of strangers about invasion of privacy. "Making them sunglasses helps hide the camera better, but it also limits the usage somewhat - you’ll need to be outside in daylight,” Carolina Milanesi, a consumer technology analyst from Creative Strategies, told the BBC. Milanesi also commented about the aesthetics of the device that could be “cooler” than Google Glasses. "If you look at the kinds of glasses millennials wear, the design is very ‘in’," she told BBC. Recode describes the product as “a f unny, laid-back play on designer sunglasses. They’re cheap enough to be an impulse purchase for many, or a reasonable gift.” Google Glass certainly tried to move its product into high fashion, as The Christian Science Monitor previously reported, but the efforts didn’t pan out. Another crucial misstep Google made that Snap Inc. avoided was the high-profile prototype of Google Glass. As a Google executive Astro Teller said in a South by Southwest keynote address last year, it was not a final product, but all the attention it received doomed the product in the public’s eyes. "The thing that we did not do well – that was closer to a failure – was that we allowed and sometimes even encouraged too much attention for the program,” Mr. Teller said, as reported by AdWeek.  "We could have done a better job communicating that and preventing it from becoming as loud of a conversation as it got," Spiegel, on the other hand, plans to start slow. He calls it a toy, something to be worn at barbecues or outdoor concerts maybe - in contrast to Google’s flashy launch with skydivers and bike jumpers using the technology. “We’re going to take a slow approach to rolling them out,” Spiegel told The Wall Street Journal. “It’s about us figuring out if it fits into people’s lives and seeing how they like it.” Next up The 20 most fascinating accidental inventions Who profits from video tweets? Twitter to share the wealth Facebook launches 'Lifestage' app for teens: Can they win back young people? Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 For students, protests are about more than just Trump A post-election surge in hate crimes – and in kindness The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy Powered by wood: Why can't renewable jet fuels take off? What Steve Bannon's White House appointment means to the alt-right Popular Now Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look Why are Greeks protesting President Obama's visit? First Look Racist Facebook post about Michelle Obama spawns online firestorm First Look Life brewing in Martian 'ice cauldrons'? Maybe, say scientists. For students, protests are about more than just Trump   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/16 Latest News First Look Why are these toys considered the '10 worst' for 2016? Doing Good How one of Gen. George Patton’s grandsons helps vets with PTSD Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Snapchat's Wild New Spectacles Won't Share Google Glass' Fate subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 2 . Caption: Spectacles, in black.Snap, Inc. Slide: 2 / of 2 . Caption: Snap Specs in action.Snap, Inc. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Brian Barrett. Brian Barrett Gear Date of Publication: 09.24.16. 09.24.16 Time of Publication: 10:30 am. 10:30 am Snapchat’s Wild New Spectacles Won’t Share Google Glass’ Fate Snap, Inc. There are two important new things to know about Snapchat. First, it’s just Snap now. That’s easy enough. The second may be a little bit harder to process: The ephemeral chat mavens will sell video-grabbing sunglasses, called Spectacles, starting this fall. Spectacles (Specs, for short) were first reported by The Wall Street Journal, which detailed quirky features—like shooting circular video rather than rectangles—but spent appreciably less time on Spectacles’ real predecessor: Google Glass, a faceputer that promised the future, but turned out to be a colossal failure. That may well be the fate for Specs as well. The name alone doesn’t instill confidence. But whatever reservations you might (rightly) have about wearing camera glasses, don’t mistake Specs for Glass 2.0. They’ve got a lot more going for them than that. [Update: Snapchat began selling Spectacles in very limited release on November 10. How limited? You can only buy them at quirky yellow vending machines—the look like Minions—called Snapbots. The first one appeared in Venice, California, and they’ll continue to appear in select cities at an unpredictable clip. You can keep track of where Snapbots are coming and going here.] Making a Spectacle Let’s start with what Specs do and how they do it. They’re sunglasses, available in three colors, that come with a small camera built into the upper left and right sides of the frames. Tap a button near the left camera, and Specs records for 10 seconds. Additional taps get you 10 more seconds each, up to 30 seconds at a time. To stop recording sooner, press and hold the same button. The Snaps will live on your Specs until you transfer them to your smartphone, over Wi-Fi for Android and Bluetooth for iOS by default (you can also fiddle with setting if you prefer Wi-Fi transfer for your iPhone). The Specs Snaps, bless their alliterative hearts, will be saved in the Memories section of your Snapchat app. An inward-facing light will let you know when your camera is activated, but more importantly, an outward-facing light lets people around you know that they’re being filmed. Snap says Specs should last about a day on one charge, and come with a charging case that can you about a week’s worth of juice. The whole set-up costs $130. In broad strokes, this might sound a whole lot like Glass. Specifically, it sounds like the part of Glass that gave rise to the wicked portmanteau of Glasshole: People filming you surreptitiously behind some weird techno-utopian future-goggles. Dig into the specifics, though, and you can see Specs already avoiding many of the pitfalls that shattered Glass. The Price Is Right Not to be overly consumerist, but we really do have to start with the price. When Google introduced Glass to the public, it did so with a high-adrenaline live display of skydiving and extreme sportage. A lofty concept video, meanwhile, delighted in all the ways Glass’ augmented reality would enhance even your most mundane daily tasks. All this could be yours, Google said, for just $1,500. If you signed up fast. Glass could certainly do much more than Specs. But the pricing and scarcity did more than just turn off potential buyers. It put too much pressure on Glass to be a truly life-changing experience. Fair or not, it instantly labeled Glass wearers as part of the monied class. Glass became a symbol of the future, maybe, but a future to which most of us weren’t invited. Specs cost less than a decent pair of Ray-Bans. In fact, they even look a little like Ray-Bans, not like blender blades reconfigured to fit on your face. They’re also not pitched at the mountain bikers and skydivers—GoPro has those guys covered—but at, well, anyone. In fact, it might be useful to think of them as a GoPro for the boring stuff. Specs aren’t trying to conjure up the future; they’re a product steeped in the present. “The price is very aggressive, so this has me more interested in what Snap is doing than Google,” says Ben Bajarin, analyst with Creative Strategies. “Anyone who has used a GoPro to capture first person perspective video would understand why this could be interesting.” And at $130, lots of people can afford to find out for themselves. Telegraph the Punches Google Glass was creepy. There’s no getting around it. Sure, they looked like something Data would wear during a 3-D chess tournament, but that wasn’t the hard part. The hard part was not knowing if and when you were being filmed. It had a small recording light, but it wasn’t visible enough to communicate whether you were being recorded or not. Snap hasn’t entirely solved this problem, although it’s a good start that the indicator light is much more prominent here. They should also benefit from an unlikely confluence: People like Snapchat, and video is ubiquitous. Between 2009 and 2013, the number of people who had uploaded a video to the Internet more than doubled, according to a 2013 Pew Research report. More important, though, is how rapidly the pace of video sharing has accelerated since Google introduced Glass in April of 2012. Here’s a quick timeline since then. Snapchat added video in December 2012. Vine came out in January 2013. Instagram incorporated video of that year. Live-streaming apps Periscope and Meerkat didn’t even exist until just last year. Video was popular in 2012, but it wasn’t everywhere. Today, it is. It’s normalized. It helps, too, that Specs are single-purpose. They’ll take 30 second of video max, that will end up on a (mostly) ephemeral messaging service. That still may cause discomfort, but not anywhere near the scale of Glass. “I like that the product is focused more on video capture, and reliving memories, than augmented reality,” says Bajarin. “This could be a use case that is easier to grab.” Both for the wearer, and whoever ends up in their sights. Snap Judgment Yes, there’s plenty that can go wrong. People may still hate sunglasses recording as much as they did Glass. And while Specs looking like normal shades may help with their acceptance, it also makes them easier to creep with. Snap, too, has recently shown that it doesn’t necessarily give rigorous thought to ways in which its products may be problematic. A recent Bob Marley filter, released on 4/20, doused users in blackface. The company somehow followed that up with an even more offensive “yellowface” filter that gave users slanted eyes, buck teeth, and other stereotypical features. Snap Specs in action.Snap, Inc. There’s more! Like all first-generation products, Specs look just a little bit doofy. Its 115-degree field of view, circular video is certainly different, but that doesn’t mean it’s necessarily better. Sunglasses you have to charge every day seems like a drag. The Snapchat app faces increasing, intense competition from the likes of Instagram, which has taken to ripping its best features off wholesale. We still don’t know what kind of video quality we’re dealing with, or if taking a video with your face and then transferring it to your smartphone is one step too many for an app and experience built in promises of spontaneity and ephemerality. But if Specs do fail, they’ll at least do so on their own terms. The specter of Glass still haunts faceputers, but Snap has done everything it could to exorcise that rep. No one outside Snap knows yet if Specs are good—but at least they’ve got a shot at being fun. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. google google glass snap Snapchat spectacles Wearables Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs Security Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs 8 hours Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 1 day How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet Movies How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet 5 hours John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 2 days Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets books Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets 8 hours Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 1 day DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 22 hours The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed TV The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed 23 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 22 hours Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 1 day product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 2 days product review Review: Plantronics BackBeat Pro 2 1 day Messaging WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Calling for a Billion-Plus Users 2 days Culture Podcast A Tribe Called Quest’s New Record Is Awesome. National Politics? Not So Much 1 hour We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Google’s $129 home Wi-Fi router likely to launch on October Google’s $129 home Wi-Fi router likely to launch on October Google WiFi, a $129 home WiFi router is likely to launch alongside Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and 4K Chromecast By: Tech Desk | Published:September 24, 2016 7:46 pm Google WiFi, a 9 home WiFi router is likely to launch alongside Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and 4K Chromecast Google is reported to announce its own brand WiFi router on October 4. Google WiFi, a $129 home WiFi router is likely to launch alongside Pixel smartphones, Google Home speaker and 4K Chromecast. Last year, Google had announced a $199 OnHub router made by TP-Link and followed up with another model built by Asus. According to Android Police, Google’s next $129 home WiFi router will be similar to OnHub in terms of feature but definitely cheaper than original OnHub. The Android Police reports Google will advertise the router as a smart router and also reveal some benchmarks on enhanced range. Google’s home WiFi router will also be similar to Eero in terms of implementation. The Android Police notes that multiple Google WiFi access points can be linked together to create one large wireless network. Google’s WiFi router will adopt mesh technology like many other routers in the market. Users can add several of these to a network and create a larger wireless network. The principal will stay same where a user will connect first router to a modem and then keep on adding additional routers to the network. Twinkle Khanna: Being A Feminist Equated With Being A Satanist Or A Justin Bieber Fan Twinkle Khanna Tests Karan Johar’s General Knowledge & He Is Stumped John Abraham And Sonakshi Sinha Explain How Force 2 Has Some Never-Seen-Before Action 5 Resons To Watch Force 2 Trouble Mounts For Former IPL Chairman Lalit Modi: Here’s How Demonetisation: Banks Use Indelible Ink On Cash Exchanger’s Finger Assam: 1 Killed, 2 Injured As Suspected Militants Attack Cash Van Sheena Bora Murder: Bombay High Court Rejects Peter Mukherjea’s Bail Plea Demonetisation: Farmers Hit Hardest By The Cash Crunch TMC, Shiv Sena, NC Join Protest March Against Demonetisation Demonetisation: Piyush Goyal Says ‘Honest Has Been Honoured’; Anand Sharma Criticizes, Says Rs 2000 Note Reminds Him Of ‘Churan Ki Pudiya’ External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj Undergoes Dialysis At AIIMS Relief For Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi: Find Out More Bigg Boss 10 Nov 15 Review: Why Gaurav Chopra Is Hesitant To Take A Stand? Arvind Kejriwal Attacks Janardhan Reddy Over His Daughter’s Big Fat Wedding © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: IT surveys real estate firms in Delhi-NCR to check reports of tax evasion IndiaDemonetisation: Half of ATMs to be recalibrated by next week to dispense new Rs 500, Rs 2000 notes IndiaGovt counters Opposition: Those not in favour will be asked if they support black money IndiaNo intention to demonetise Rs 100/50 notes: Government BusinessArun Jaitley on Vijay Mallya: Bad loans write-off doesn't mean we won't pursue it EntertainmentRajinikanth's Enthiran 2.0 poster featuring Akshay Kumar is out, see pic EntertainmentI am besharam, nudity means nothing to me: Ranveer Singh on Befikre EntertainmentDirector Ameer questions Rajinikanth's integrity for supporting PM Modi's demonetisation EntertainmentRamayan's 'Vibhishan' Mukesh Rawal dies in train accident Must Read Sports2nd Test: Bullet loaded, revolver spun, prayer said SportsHere's how India have fared on rank turners SportsKartik explains art of bowling on crumbling wickets TechnologyOnePlus 3T vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge vs Pixel XL: Flagship wars TechnologyTomTom launches Spark 3, Adventurer sports watches and Touch fitness tracker in India TechnologyGoogle suggests standardised charging, wants to make it safer  These are world's sexiest men alive in 2016 Nov 16: Latest News Demonetisation: Undeposited old notes may result in windfall for government Five questions: Government should not have opted for a hurried decision, says JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav Don’t apply indelible ink on left hand, State Election Commission tells Maharashtra government Demonetisation of Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes: Mamata Banerjee leads protest march to Rashtrapati Bhavan The quandary of DCC banks in Maharashtra: Crores in deposit, no money for customers                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now Automotive When bias in product design means life or death LeEco secures $600M in fresh funding as financial issues reportedly halt electric car project Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech Browse more... Google Google Docs, Sheets, Slides and Forms now let you create custom templates Kaspersky eyes launching a real-time back-up service for social media leavers Google signs on to the .NET Foundation as Samsung brings .NET support to Tizen Browse more... AV Hide those unsightly set-top boxes for $999 Sony is adding three ES receivers to its 2008 line-up Sony Announces Three Premium Receivers Browse more... autonomous vehicles Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech Oryx nano antennas allow autonomous cars to see farther, better Why the Department of Transportation’s self-driving car guidelines aren’t enough Browse more... Google Self-Driving Car A Google self-driving car was involved in crash in Mt. View today Posted Sep 23, 2016 by Lora Kolodny (@lorakolodny) 0 SHARES Next Story Home furnishings retailer Dot & Bo closes down A Google self-driving Lexus RX 450h was involved in a crash with a van in Mountain View, Calif. on Friday afternoon, according to local police. Another driver ran a red light and crashed into the car. Thankfully, nobody was injured in the accident. Google issued the following statement with details about the crash: “A Google vehicle was traveling northbound on Phyllis Ave. in Mountain View when a car heading westbound on El Camino Real ran a red light and collided with the right side of our vehicle. Our light was green for at least six seconds before our car entered the intersection. Thousands of crashes happen everyday on U.S. roads, and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the U.S. Human error plays a role in 94% of these crashes, which is why we’re developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer.” Two local TV stations, KRON and KPIX, reported that the Google autonomous vehicle had been “in control,” or in its self-driving mode at the time of the crash. However, the self-driving car was reportedly manned by a Google employee who took over its operation, and applied the brakes when the other car’s driver began crossing an intersection, apparently running a red light and colliding with Google’s vehicle. The crash comes just after the U.S. Department of Transportation made some major autonomous vehicle policy announcements earlier this week, as TechCrunch then reported. Among other things, the DOT called on self-driving auto makers and related technology firms to prioritize safety, and share data with the government and each other within reason. Google issues reports voluntarily every month reflecting data on the number of miles their autonomous vehicles have traveled, how many cars they have on the road, and details about any accidents in which they were involved. Generally, DOT officials say they want to ensure the U.S. can be a leader rather than a laggard in autonomous vehicles, while protecting the traveling public.   Updates: This post has been updated with Google’s official statement about the accident. Earlier, the post’s headline was edited to emphasize that a human driver ran a red light and collided with Google’s self-driving vehicle.  Featured Image: Steve Jurvetson, retouched image by Mariordo/Wikimedia Commons UNDER A CCA2 - Generic LICENSE 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Facebook's Fake News Problem | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes AV Google autonomous vehicles Google Self-Driving Car Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Microsoft announces the next version SQL Server for Windows and Linux 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois Google signs on to the .NET Foundation as Samsung brings .NET support to Tizen 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 20 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From TechCrunch The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer’s internet 4 minutes ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Metallica is back on Napster, so maybe we can all get along after all 2 hours ago | Brian Heater Toms releases new Apple Watch bands with official steel lugs and buckles 2 hours ago | Romain Dillet Truffle helps you share food tips with friends 2 hours ago | Anthony Ha Comment moderation powered by Up Next Home furnishings retailer Dot & Bo closes down Posted Sep 23, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Google signs on to the .NET Foundation as Samsung brings .NET support to Tizen 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Microsoft announces the next version SQL Server for Windows and Linux 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 20 hours ago by Josh Constine Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 21 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Microsoft officially launches the first preview of Visual Studio for Mac 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Google Docs, Sheets, Slides and Forms now let you create custom templates 2 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois When bias in product design means life or death 2 hours ago by Carol E. Reiley Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Premier League Clockwatch Football clockwatch: Swansea v Man City, Middlesbrough v Spurs – as they happened Liverpool smash Hull City at Anfield Spurs edge Middlesbrough courtersy of Son brace Manchester City maintain perfect record at Swansea Benteke heaps misery on Moyes at Stadium of Light Stanislas strikes to give Bournemouth victory Rondon grabs late equaliser to deny Stoke Live scores: all the goals from the games around Europe Updated Christian Benteke, second left, celebrates scoring Crystal Palace’s winner. Photograph: Mark Runnacles/Getty Images Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Saturday 24 September 2016 12.47 EDT Last modified on Saturday 24 September 2016 12.56 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 11.56am EDT 11:56 PREMIER LEAGUE RESULT: Sunderland 2-3 Crystal Palace 11.58am EDT 11:58 Premier League results 12.00pm EDT 12:00 Championship results 12.03pm EDT 12:03 Scottish Premiership results 11.54am EDT 11:54 GOAL! Sunderland 2-3 Crystal Palace 11.52am EDT 11:52 Premier League full time scores ... 11.51am EDT 11:51 Championship turnaround ... Live feed Show 12.47pm EDT 12:47 Salomón Rondón denies Stoke first win with late equaliser for West Brom Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.36pm EDT 12:36 Benteke strikes in injury time to give Crystal Palace win at Sunderland Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 Junior Stanislas earns Bournemouth deserved home victory over Everton Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.25pm EDT 12:25 Manchester City keep perfect start as Sergio Agüero punishes Swansea City Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 Tottenham edge out Middlesbrough as in-form Son Heung-min hits double Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 Liverpool’s Adam Lallana inspires emphatic win over 10-man Hull Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.03pm EDT 12:03 Scottish Premiership results Celtic 6-1 Kilmarnock Hearts 0-0 Ross County Inverness 3-1 Dundee Partick Thistle 1-1 Motherwell View the Scottish Premiership table Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.00pm EDT 12:00 Championship results Brighton 2-0 Barnsley Derby County 1-2 Blackburn Rovers Fulham 0-4 Bristol City Leeds United 1-0 Ipswich Town Norwich City 3-1 Burton Albion Queens Park Rangers 1-1 Birmingham City Reading 1-0 Huddersfield Town Rotherham United 1-2 Cardiff City Sheffield Wednesday 2-1 Nottingham Forest Wolverhampton Wanderers 3-1 Brentford Aston Villa v Newcastle United a 5.30 kick-off View the Championship table Updated at 12.04pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.58am EDT 11:58 Premier League results Manchester United 4-1 Leicester Bournemouth 1-0 Everton Liverpool 5-1 Hull City Middlesbrough 1-2 Tottenham Hotspur Stoke City 1-1 West Brom Sunderland 2-3 Crystal Palace Swansea City 1-3 Manchester City Arsenal - Chelsea a 5.30 BST kick-off View the Premier League table Updated at 12.04pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.56am EDT 11:56 PREMIER LEAGUE RESULT: Sunderland 2-3 Crystal Palace BOOOOO! A chorus of boos echo around the Stadium of Light as Sunderland blow a two-goal lead to lose 3-2 at home to Crystal Palace. Christian Benteke popped up with the inevitable injury time winner for Palace there. Crystal Palace’s Christian Benteke heads home the winner. Photograph: Ed Sykes/Reuters Updated at 12.05pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.54am EDT 11:54 GOAL! Sunderland 2-3 Crystal Palace Premier League: Minute-by-minute reporter swears at the top of his voice, frightens his colleagues and slumps headfirst into keyboard HINO;/LDGV`KBHJJNSDVjkn/ASLCKJNHqw9r782-†¨¥ª 78¡+}WDSQ3PROJ. Updated at 12.01pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.52am EDT 11:52 Premier League full time scores ... Liverpool 5-1 Hull City Stoke City 1-1 West Brom Swansea City 1-3 Manchester City Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 Championship turnaround ... At Hillsborough: Sheffield Wednesday were a goal down, but now lead Nottingham Forest 2-1 thanks to a Kieran Lee double. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.50am EDT 11:50 Celtic record a tennis score ... Scottish Premiership: Tom Rogic makes it a half-dozen for Celtic, who are now spanking Kilmarnock 6-1. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.49am EDT 11:49 GOAL! Stoke City 1-1 West Brom Premier League: Salomon Rondon scores in added time to snatch an equaliser for West Brom. Stoke have now failed to keep a clean sheet in 16 Premier League games. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.48am EDT 11:48 Huge news from Finland!!!! Finland Cup final: “SJK from Seinäjoki have just beaten HJK from Helsinki in the Finnish Cup final after a penalty shootout,” writes our man on the spot, Kári Tulinius. “This is SJK’s first cup title, to go with their first ever league title which they won last year. SJK, who play in a stylish black and gold strip, are managed by Simo Valakari, once of Motherwell and Derby County.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.46am EDT 11:46 Team news from the Emirates Arsenal: Cech, Bellerin, Mustafi, Koscielny, Monreal, Coquelin, Cazorla, Walcott, Ozil, Iwobi, Sanchez. Subs: Gibbs, Lucas Perez, Giroud, Ospina, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Holding, Xhaka. Chelsea: Courtois, Ivanovic, Cahill, Luiz, Azpilicueta, Kante, Matic, Willian, Fabregas, Hazard, Costa. Subs: Begovic, Alonso, Oscar, Pedro, Moses, Batshuayi, Chalobah. Referee: Michael Oliver (Northumberland) Arsenal v Chelsea: Premier League - live! Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.43am EDT 11:43 Celtic hammering Kilmarnock ... Scottish Premiership: Having been a goal down, Celtic now lead Kilmarnock 5-1, with Scott Sinclair continuing his fine run of goalscoring form with his seventh of the season. Elsewhere: Hearts 0-0 Ross County, Inverness 3-0 Dundee and Partick Thistle 1-0 Motherwell. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.40am EDT 11:40 More goals in the Championship Having gone a goal up, Derby County now trail Blackburn Rovers 2-1. Elsewhere in the Championship: Brighton 2-0 Barnsley, Derby County 1-2 Blackburn Rovers, Fulham 0-3 Bristol City, Leeds United 1-0 Ipswich Town, Norwich City 2-1 Burton Albion, Queens Park Rangers 1-1 Birmingham City, Reading 1-0 Huddersfield Town, Rotherham United 1-2 Cardiff City, Sheffield Wednesday 1-1 Nottingham Forest, Wolverhampton Wanderers 2-1 Brentford. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 GOAL! Swansea 1-3 Manchester City Premier League: Raheem Sterling’s fine run of form continues. He’s got a goal for Manchester City to almost certainly put the game beyond Swansea City. Let’s hope he doesn’t ruin all his hard work by doing anything ostentatious and showy like buying a nice house for his mum. Manchester City’s Raheem Sterling slots the ball past Swansea City keeper Lukasz Fabianski to score their third. Photograph: Adrian Dennis/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 11.45am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 GOAL! Sunderland 2-2 Crystal Palace Premier League: Crystal Palace come from two goals down to equalise against Sunderland. James McArthur does the honours for the side from Sarf Lahndan in the 76th minute. Crystal Palace’s James McArthur heads home the equaliser. Photograph: Ed Sykes/Reuters Updated at 11.43am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.33am EDT 11:33 GOAL! LIVERPOOL 5-1 HULL CITY Premier League: Andrew Robertson fouls Daniel Sturridge in the penalty area to give Liverpool a spot-kick that’s converted by reliability’s James Milner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.31am EDT 11:31 GOAL! Stoke City 1-0 West Brom Premier League: Joe Allen puts Stoke ahead against West Brom in a bid to rain all over Tony Pulis’s 1,000th-game-in-charge party. Joe Allen bundles the ball into the net to give Stoke City the lead. Photograph: Paul Burrows/Reuters Updated at 11.41am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.30am EDT 11:30 Some goals in the Championship Championship: Matej Vydra puts Derby County ahead against Blackburn, only for Marvin Emnes to equalise almost immediately there. At Molineux, Wolves now lead Brentford 2-1: in the wake of a Joao Teixeira brace, Sulley Kaikai has got Bees fans buzzing. Bristol City are thrashing Fulham 3-0 at Craven Cottage, while Rotherham lead Cardiff City 1-0. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.26am EDT 11:26 GOAL! Middlesbrough 1-2 Tottenham Hotspur Premier League: Ben Gibson puts Middlesbrough back in the game at the Riverside Stadium. Middlesbrough’s Ben Gibson, no 6, celebrates scoring their first goal and the Boro fans are pretty pleased too. Photograph: Craig Brough/Reuters Updated at 11.40am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.25am EDT 11:25 GOAL! Swansea City 1-2 Manchester City Premier League: Mike van der Hoorn it was who was penalised for handball in the penalty area and Sergiuo Aguero takes full advantage with a deft Panenka down the centre. Sergio Aguero gives Manchester City back the lead. Photograph: Stu Forster/Getty Images Updated at 11.38am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.23am EDT 11:23 PENALTY AT THE LIBERTY STADIUM Premier League: Manchester City have a spot-kick at the Liberty Stadium and sound like they were lucky to get it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.21am EDT 11:21 GOAL! Sunderland 2-1 Crystal Palace Premier League: Straight from the kick-off, Crystal Palace boot the ball long and Joe Ledley puts them back in the game with a shot that takes a deflection so wicked it should be a green-faced witch in a movie about a little girl from Kansas and her dog getting marooned in the land of Oz. Bah! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.19am EDT 11:19 GOAL! Sunderland 2-0 Crystal Palace Premier League: Jermain Defoe scores his second of the game (from an offside position) to double Sunderland’s lead against the Palace. Jermain Defoe scores his, and Sunderland’s second goal. Photograph: Ian Horrocks/Sunderland AFC via Getty Images Updated at 11.36am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.17am EDT 11:17 Meanwhile in Scotland ... James Forrest has made it Celtic 3-1 Kilmarnock at Celtic Park, while Inverness lead Dundee 3-0. At Firhill Stadium, it’s Partick Thistle 1-0 Motherwell. It remains scoreless between Hearts and Ross County. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.14am EDT 11:14 GOAL! Liverpool 4-1 Hull City Premier League: You wouldn’t let it lie, David Meyler! You wouldn’t let it lie! Affronted by the impertinence of their supposedly dead-and-buried rivals, Liverpool follow up David Meyler’s goal with another of their own. Philippe Coutinho does the honours to make it 4-1 to the home side. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.11am EDT 11:11 Championship: Glenn Murray grabs his second to make it to Brighton 2-0 Barnsley. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.10am EDT 11:10 GOAL! Liverpool 3-1 Hull City Premier League: They’re down to 10 men, but that hasn’t stopped Hull City pulling a goal back against Liverpool courtesy of David Meyler. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.08am EDT 11:08 Some goals in the Championship ... Norwich 1-1 Burton Albion: Lucas Akins restored parity for Burton Albion immediately after the restart, only for Jacob Murphy to restore Norwich City’s lead almost straight away. Elsewhere, Joao Teixeira has given Wolves a one goal lead against Brentford. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.51am EDT 10:51 Your half-time scores ... Premier League Bournemouth 1-0 Everton Liverpool 3-0 Hull City Middlesbrough 0-2 Tottenham Hotspur Stoke City 0-0 West Brom Sunderland 1-0 Crystal Palace Swansea City 1-1 Manchester City Championship Brighton 1-0 Barnsley Derby County 0-0 Blackburn Rovers Fulham 0-1 Bristol City Leeds United 1-0 Ipswich Town Norwich City 1-0 Burton Albion Queens Park Rangers 1-1 Birmingham City Reading 1-0 Huddersfield Town Rotherham United 0-0 Cardiff City Sheffield Wednesday 0-1 Nottingham Forest Wolverhampton Wanderers 0-0 Brentford Click here for the rest of today’s latest scores Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.46am EDT 10:46 Sunderland AFC (@SunderlandAFC) 46' An important three minutes for #SAFC who need to stay focussed... #SUNCRY pic.twitter.com/iC1Xnl9NHL September 24, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.46am EDT 10:46 Meanwhile in the Championship: QPR have equalised against Birmingham courtesy of Steven Caulker, while Leeds United have gone ahead against Ipswich Town. Reading lead 10-man Huddersfield, while Nottingham Forest are one up against Sheffield Wednesday. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.43am EDT 10:43 Outstanding from Celtic Scottish Premiership: Moussa Dembele scores his second to give Celtic the lead against Kilmarnock, who appear to be paying for poking the bear, so to speak. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.41am EDT 10:41 GOAL! Sunderland 1-0 Crystal Palace Premier League: Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal!Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Joe Ledley oops-i-o! Jermain Defoe pounce-io! SUNDERGOLLLLLLL!!! The Stadium of Light salutes Jermain Defoe. Photograph: Scott Heppell/PA Updated at 10.50am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.39am EDT 10:39 GOAL! Liverpool 3-0 Hull City Premier League: Somebody throw a blanket over Hull City, who are three goals behind and down to 10 men against rampant Liverpool. Liverpool’s Sadio Mane celebrates scoring their third goal. Photograph: Eddie Keogh/Reuters Updated at 11.20am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.38am EDT 10:38 Outstanding from Celtic Scottish Premiership: Moussa Dembele equalises with his ninth goal of the campaign for Celtic. It’s 1-1 at Celtic Park. Elsewhere in the Scottish top flight, Inverness lead Dundee 2-0, while Partick Thistle are one up against Motherwell. No score yet between Hearts and Ross County. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Championship League One League Two La Liga More… European club football Bundesliga Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 9/24/2016 7:13 AM Google shows up late in crowded digital-assistant field Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   The Google Assistant uses artificial intelligence tools, such as voice recognition and natural-language processing, to answer questions and satisfy other requests delivered verbally and in formats such as text messages. The first incarnation is as a digital buddy inside Google's new Allo messaging app, which the Alphabet Inc. unit unveiled Wednesday. (Google via AP)   Alistair Barr Bloomberg     Google unleashed its digital assistant for the first time, arriving late to the intensifying race among the largest technology companies to create a more personal and lucrative way for computers to interact with humans. The Google Assistant uses artificial intelligence tools, such as voice recognition and natural-language processing, to answer questions and satisfy other requests delivered verbally and in formats such as text messages. The first incarnation is as a digital buddy inside Google's new Allo messaging app, which the Alphabet Inc. unit unveiled Wednesday. The assistant will also appear inside Google's Home internet-connected speaker -- expected next month -- in new Android smartphones and in devices such as cars and watches made by other companies, Google executive Nick Fox said. "It is a significant effort across Google and it brings together many teams," Fox said in an interview in San Francisco. "It's a layer across Google -- the glue that links our existing services and technology together." Google is adjusting to a new world in which people interact more often with smartphones and other devices and appliances linked to the internet than with personal computers, and are increasingly speaking to these smaller gadgets instead of typing in commands. There are hundreds of Googlers working on the Assistant, according to one person familiar with the team, and it represents one of the biggest bets by Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai since he took the helm of Google from co-founder Larry Page last year. Google thrived in the PC era by creating a search engine that became the main access point for information on the web. Relevant ads and billions of dollars in profit followed. The mobile revolution has offered opportunities for rivals to challenge that role. Amazon.com's digital assistant, Alexa, was rolled out in 2014 and is already handling verbal orders and other requests from millions of users of its Echo in-home device. Apple's Siri, introduced in 2011, interacts billions of times a year with people speaking into their iPhones. Microsoft has added its Cortana digital assistant to Windows, and Facebook's Messenger mobile app is building a digital nest for AI-powered assistants. "This is a new gateway to the internet, to advertising, to e-commerce, so market share here is worth trillions of dollars over time to Google and its competitors," said Oren Etzioni, head of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. "Google may like its dominant position on current platforms, but it has to adapt." Even though Google's assistant comes years after some of its rivals' entrants to this field, Fox said the internet giant has an advantage because useful digital assistants are trained with AI techniques, such as deep learning, that the company has been researching or using for years. On a smartphone, Allo monitors a consumer's texts to suggest appropriate responses, using Google's Smart Reply system. That tool was built a few years ago using thousands of computers arranged in a so-called deep neural network, an AI approach that's yielded big advances. Allo and the Google Assistant will learn what phrases people prefer over time. "If you tend to be an 'LOL'-type person, it will adjust to that," Fox said. The Assistant relies on other Google technology, including its search engine. Ask it for "News about Hillary," and it will understand this refers to Hillary Clinton and pull information from Google's existing index of websites, Google Images, Google News and its database of entities and objects, called the Knowledge Graph. Google's Assistant also performs tasks that get it into e-commerce territory, taking on Amazon's Alexa. Users will be able to book a restaurant through the assistant and buy tickets to a game or event. Anything that involves getting things done more easily will be addressed over time, Fox said. Google has nothing planned on the advertising side yet, he added. Apps and web services from other companies will be integrated with the Assistant in coming months, Fox added, citing Priceline Group Inc.'s OpenTable restaurant-booking business as an example. The Assistant already uses third-party data to answer questions about flights, he said. Google decided to give the Assistant a personality, and it tells jokes when asked. Inside Allo, a text saying "Tell me a joke" produced the following gag: "Did you know that all clouds have dandruff? That's where snowflakes come from." Google didn't give the system a name -- a contrast to Siri, Alexa and Cortana. That's in part because Google designed its assistant to learn and evolve to be a different helper depending on the user. You can say, "My favorite sports team is the San Francisco Giants," and it will reply, "OK I will remember that." Later, when you ask, "What's the latest score for my team?" it will send the score of the latest Giants baseball game, Fox said. This new conversational interface embeds Google further into the private lives of users, and the company has set up a system it hopes will address privacy questions. Conversations with the Google Assistant will be saved to the My Account section of a person's Google account online. This is the way traditional Google searches are saved, and both sets of data can be deleted by users. Chats in the Allo app are encrypted, but Google has keys to untangle that scrambled information so it can use the data to improve its Assistant and provide AI features like Smart Reply. Users can start an "incognito chat" that Google has no way of accessing, Fox said. This is similar to Google's Chrome web browser, which lets users open a new browsing window in "incognito" mode to avoid the company tracking that activity. Google is aware of the limits of its AI and is trying not to promise too much from the Assistant, at least early on. It won't automatically insert information into chats between friends on Allo, but will occasionally appear to say it has suggestions and wait to be summoned. It will also stay away from value judgments or sensitive subjects such as violent and adult material. In those cases, it will apologize and say it can't answer, or send web results from Google's search engine. When asked in Allo, "Who is better, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?" the assistant supplied a link "From the web" to a comparison of the presidential candidates from a site run by data technology company Graphiq Inc. The system can't currently place an order from Amazon. In Allo, the request "Order me more dog food on Amazon" produced the reply "There might be some info on the web," along with a link to the dog food page on Amazon.com. Still, Google's Assistant already knows its rivals. When asked if it is better than Alexa, the system responded diplomatically. "I like Alexa's blue light. Her voice is nice too." Related Article An 'interview' with Google's new digital assistant   Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Bloomberg Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Smart Home News / Google's Amazon Echo rival will reportedly cost $129 Google's Amazon Echo rival will reportedly cost $129 by Ben Woods 24 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google Home, the Amazon Echo rival it announced at Google I/O earlier this year, could undercut its competitor by launching at just $129. According to Android Police, Home's release date and pricing will be confirmed at a Google launch event on October 4, and the device will be joined by an upgraded 'Chromecast Ultra' that supports streaming 4K content. There aren't firm details about the full feature set of either device, but the next-gen Chromecast might not be flying off the shelves like the previous generation if the reported $69 price tag is accurate. At nearly twice the cost of the full HD option, and 4K remaining a relatively exclusive option for many people, it won't make the quite the same Christmas gift as first time around. Google Home, however, is an interesting proposition that's looking to be the entertainment and home automation hub that controls all your in-home devices. It'll also be able to respond to queries in a similar way to Google Now on an Android device and recognise conversational queries using natual language processing. Naturally, it should also play nicely with all your other Google devices, like that new Chromecast Ultra and any Nest devices you have at home. We'll have to wait for the full details to be revealed at the launch event. Related: Trusted Verdict: Our most important Google I/O 2016 moments Watch: Google I/O 2016 Highlights Will you be upgrading your Chromecast? Are you interested in Google Home? Let us know in the comments below! 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 9/24/2016 7:10 AM An 'interview' with Google's new digital assistant Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Alphabet's Google unit introduced a new digital assistant Wednesday. Bloomberg News put the system through its paces by asking questions, (Google via AP)   Alistair Barr Bloomberg     Alphabet's Google unit introduced a new digital assistant Wednesday. Bloomberg News put the system through its paces by asking questions, some of which were suggested by AI experts including Oren Etzioni, head of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Other questions were suggested by Google's Allo messaging service, through which the interview took place. Edited excerpts follow, with the accompanying symbols and links in brackets. Bloomberg: What can you do? Machine: Here are some things you can ask for: [icons showing travel, restaurant, events, weather, Q&A, translation, games, news and sports categories, along with "fun" activities like poetry recital and "actions" like setting a timer and an alarm]. Bloomberg: What can't you do? Machine: I haven't tested this. But I'm pretty sure I can't swim [symbol of a swimmer in water] Bloomberg: Where do you live? Machine: Google Home [with smile emoji]. But I also have a mobile home [symbol of a smartphone]. Bloomberg: Where did you come from? Machine: My team at Google made me. They are from all over the world. Bloomberg: How much does Google pay you? Machine: Here you go [link to a website explaining how much web traffic people need to make $100,000 from Google's AdSense service]. Bloomberg: Can you learn? Machine: Learning is my jam [emoji of a jam jar]. I was just discovering the etymology of some everyday words. Bloomberg: What things would you like to learn about? Machine: I can always learn more about music [three red note symbols]. Bloomberg: Why? Machine: What do you mean? Bloomberg: Why do you want to learn more about music? Machine: Here's what I found on the web [link to a site about whether to study music in college]. Bloomberg: What makes you nostalgic? Machine: I find myself getting nostalgic for March 2016. My days were so simple back then. My world was pretty small. I have way more friends now [a smile emoji]. Bloomberg: Can you tell me a joke? Machine: Here you go: What do you do if an elephant swallows you? Run around in circles 'til you're all pooped out [poop emoji]. Bloomberg: That's gross. Machine: Sorry! Bloomberg: How big is Amazon? Machine: Here's what the web has to say about that [link to an accounting site on how to measure the size of Amazon.com] Bloomberg: How big is the Amazon? Machine: Amazon rain forest has an area of 2.124 million square miles. Bloomberg: Do you get jealous? Machine: My apologies … I don't understand. Bloomberg: What's the highest-rated sushi place within walking distance from here? Machine: Here are the listings for sushi place near here within 1 mi. [information cards about 10 nearby sushi restaurants, including Ozumo]. Bloomberg: Can you book a table for three people at Ozumo tonight? Machine: Here's what I found on the web [web link to an OpenTable listing for that restaurant. The digital form had to be adjusted to three diners rather than one.] Bloomberg: I have a meeting with Larry Page on September 30 at 9 a.m. PT. Can you put that in my calendar? Machine: OK. Do you want to save this? Bloomberg: Yes. Machine: Ok. Adding event (event was added to Google Calendar on the correct day and time, but the listing read "PT. Can you"] Bloomberg: Who is better, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump? Machine: From the web [link to a comparison of the U.S. presidential candidates from a site run by data technology company Graphiq Inc.] Related Article Google shows up late in crowded digital-assistant field   Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Bloomberg Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
null
null
null
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Home Tech Entertainment Social Lifestyle Business Deals Podcast Tip Us Search 3D Accessories Breaking Business Cars Celebrities eBooks Events Exclusive Featured Gaming Hardware Entertainment Humor Internet Interview Lifestyle Opinions Retail Security Services Software Tablets TV Previous Does the iPhone 7's hissing sound really matter? Previous Next Every single deal in Amazon's mega sale on Lexar digital storage Next 9 of the coolest things Google’s new Assistant can do in Allo By Jacob Siegal on Sep 21, 2016 at 12:03 PM Email @JacobSiegal Apps & Software Share This Story Tweet Like Share Submit Shop ▾ Image Source: Google Because there weren’t enough chat applications in the world already, Google launched a new one this week called Allo. Google actually unveiled Allo (a messaging app) and Duo (a video calling app) at Google I/O in May, but just hours ago, Allo finally made its way to the App Store on iOS and Google Play on Android. “What’s the big deal?” you might ask. “It’s just another chat app, right?” DON’T MISS: 7 ways Apple’s iPhone 7 is much better than any Samsung phone Yes and no. Although Allo is at its core a chat app in the vein of WhatsApp, Kik and other popular messengers, it also happens to be the first home of the Google Assistant. This intelligent AI can help answer questions, make plans, share content and more, and all you have to do is type “@google” in any conversation to call it up. There are countless tasks you can accomplish with the Assistant in Allo, but below, we’ve gathered a few of the best for you to try out when you download the app: Book a flight Start a conversation with the Google Assistant and say something along the lines of “I need to fly to [a destination].” Providing you’ve given the Assistant access to your location, it will immediately pull up a list of upcoming flight from your location to the destination you asked about, along with ticket prices. Set a reminder Tell the Assistant to remind you to go to a meeting tomorrow at 2PM, and you’ll receive a notification that a reminder has been set for that time. Find a restaurant Can’t decide where to get lunch? Tell the Assistant “I’m hungry” and it will ask you to tell it what kinds of food you like. It’ll remember that option for next time, and then provide you with a list of restaurants in your area. Check the weather Want to know what to wear today? Ask the Assistant what the weather is like and you’ll get a forecast, along with the high and low for the day. Play a game If you’re bored and aren’t interested in messing with any of the other apps on your phone, you can “play a game” of Emoji Movies or Emoji Riddle. These games also work in conversations, so you can compete with your friends. Check your email Sometimes we’re just to lazy to open up another app, which is why the Assistant can show you a couple of your latest emails if you type: “Show me my emails.” See the latest sports scores and standings If you want to find out whether or not the Boston Red Sox are still atop the A.L. East division, just ask the Assistant. (Hint: They are.) Share a video No one wants to have to go to a browser, copy a link, come back to a text message conversation and paste the link just to share a video, so the Google Assistant makes it way easier. Just say “@google Kings of Leon Waste a Moment” in a conversation and the Assistant will plop the music video right down in the chat. Goof around Like everyone other virtual assistant, Google’s is pre-programmed with some pretty funny responses. For example, when I asked it if it was alive, it responded: “Technology isn’t there. Yet 😳”. And when I asked what the Assistant’s favorite movie was, it told me that “it’s hard to pick a favorite,” before offering to show me the top movies from every decade dating back to the 1930s. How thoughtful! Google’s Assistant might need seem like much of a revelation to anyone who has been using Siri, Google Now or Cortana on a regular basis, but being able to inject a smart AI into any text message conversation is a neat trick. Tags: Allo, Google Older StoryPrevious Newer StoryNext Trending Sam’s Club full Black Friday 2016 ad leaked: Here are the best deals Best Buy just released an updated Black Friday ad: Here’s what’s new Walmart will give you a chance to buy the NES Classic every day this week NES Classic Edition review: A box of nostalgia Related Articles Hackers needed just 30 seconds to get complete access to the Google Pixel Google Translate just became scarily good New performance tests show just how dominant the iPhone 7 really is BGR Store Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp The Black Friday Mac Bundle 2.0 Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription View Comments Hubs Apple You'll have Donald Trump to thank if the iPhone 8 is even more expensive The brand new MacBook Pro beats Microsoft's Surface Book in one key area Android Some Android phones have been covertly sending sensitive user data to China Leaks suggest next year's OnePlus 4 will be the Android phone to beat Mobile T-Mobile starts holiday sales a week early with Magenta Friday You'll have Donald Trump to thank if the iPhone 8 is even more expensive Retail Walmart's pre-Black Friday sale starts right now - here are the best deals so far Amazon Prime is dropping from $99 to $79 for one day only FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn BGR ON TWITTER Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius 15 Nov Copping that apple coffee table book asap Zach Epstein @zacharye 9 Nov I wrote a thing about the election. America can still be great again bgr.co/QuwGRqj https://t.co/KtwOcF0Fqv Advertise Contact About Reviews Apple Mobile Android Topics PMC Hollywood Life Deadline Variety TVLine India.com WWD FN Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms of Use × Tip Us Name(required) Email(required) Subject(required) URL Would you like us to keep you anonymous? Yes No Message(required)
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google Home will reportedly cost $129, new rumoured 4K ‘Chromecast Ultra’ can be of $69 According to Android Police report, the anticipated Google Home and new 4K ‘Chromecast Ultra’ will be priced at $129 and $69, as per their two sources. Google Home was first announced at Google I/O keynote in May. It is seen as the Google’s answer to Amazon’s voice-controlled Echo speaker. The voice activated Google Home will let you enjoy music, manage everyday tasks and ask Google questions via voice commands. The rumoured next generation of Google Chromecast is expected to come with 4K support and might get dubbed ‘Chromecast Ultra’. The pricing tipped by Android Police is almost double the price of Chromecast 2. But as far as the official pricing and availability is concerned, we will only know it once Google actually announces the two products at October 4 event. Google is also expected to launch a new Google-branded Wi-Fi router and its next-generation smartphones in the Nexus lineup that are expected to be called Pixel and Pixel XL. Source "Google Home will reportedly cost $129, new rumoured 4K 'Chromecast Ultra' can be of $69", 4 out of 5 based on 7 ratings. Author: Hitesh Arora From making Gadget and Auto videos for TV and online media, this guy landed up in Tech Writing. He has his heart at the right place when it comes to finding deals online. You will always find him suggesting people which device to buy. Hitesh calls himself a TV buff, who loves cooking, eating, dancing, and sleeping. You can follow him on Twitter @hitesharoraa View all posts by Hitesh Arora Author Hitesh AroraPosted on September 24, 2016September 24, 2016Categories Google, News, Rumors Post navigation Previous Previous post: Xiaomi Mi Box 4K Android TV box goes on sale early in the US, price revealed as $69 Next Next post: Xiaomi Mi 5S: Ceramic body, official camera samples and more Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts OKWU Pi with 5-inch HD display, Android 6.0, dual rear cameras, 4G VoLTE launched for Rs. 5999 OnePlus 3T official, Seagate introduces 5TB portable hard disk and more – FoneArena Daily Kingston DataTraveler 50 USB 3.1 flash drive (8GB to 128GB) launched in India starting at Rs. 375 Vivo Xplay6 with 5.46-inch Quad HD curved display, Snapdragon 820, 6GB RAM, dual rear cameras announced Vivo X9 and X9 Plus with 20MP + 8MP dual front cameras, Snapdragon 625 and 653 SoCs announced TomTom Touch Fitness Tracker, Spark 3 Fitness Watch, Adventurer GPS Outdoor Watch Hands On Paytm now allows money transfer to any bank account at 0% fee WhatsApp to continue support for BlackBerry, including BlackBerry 10 till mid-2017 Twitter will now help you fight trolls with ability to mute words and conversations Google India adds ‘Find an ATM near you’ tool to help citizens CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Google Authenticator 4.74 with in-app scanner By Martin Brinkmann on September 24, 2016 in Google Android - Last Update:September 24, 2016 1 Google Authenticator is Google's official 2-factor authentication application that users may use for Google accounts but also for third-party accounts that support the technology. It works similarly to comparable apps such as Authy or Microsoft Authenticator. The application relied on a third-party barcode scanner up until now on Android devices to scan barcodes during the account setup phase in the Google Authenticator application. Good news is that the latest version of Google Authenticator -- version 4.74 -- does away with that requirement. So, instead of launching a third-party application like the Barcode Scanner app by ZXing Team, it is now opening the scanner directly in the app. Less reliance on third-party applications is always good, especially when it comes to security applications. It is also faster and less prone to issues caused by launching a third-party barcode scanner when adding accounts to the application. Google Authenticator 4.74 The new version of Google Authenticator ships with other improvements as well. The app ships with a dark mode option that you can enable with a tap on menu and selecting Dark Mark. This switches to a darker layout which you may prefer at times or all the time. The interface sports a refreshed Material Design look now. Google is been working on bringing Material Design to many of its products including Google Chrome. While it does so gradually and over time, it is something that you will see continued for the foreseeable future (until a new design philosophy takes its place). Another change is the new floating action button that is useful when you are adding new accounts or code generators to the list. While you can still go about it the old fashioned way, by going through a number of taps on various menu items to do so, it adds a new way that is more effective than the old, It is a small change considering that you won't be adding new accounts constantly to the app -- or at all after adding accounts the first time. As is the case with all Google releases, Google Authenticator 4.74 is being rolled out over time to all users. This means that you may have to wait weeks or even months before the update hits your device. If you don't want to wait this long, check out the file on APK Mirror to install it right now on your device. (via Android Police) Now You: Which authenticator app are you using, if any? Summary Article Name Google Authenticator 4.74 with in-app scanner Description Google Authenticator 4.74 is a new version of Google's 2-factor authentication application for Android that ships with its own barcode scanner. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Google Android > Google Authenticator 4.74 with in-app scanner Windows Favorites throw File Download Security Warning popup Opera for Android redesigned Responses to Google Authenticator 4.74 with in-app scanner anon September 24, 2016 at 5:18 pm # It's still lacking when compared to Microsoft's app because it doesn't let you add accounts for authentication using the account's credentials. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Popular Microsoft removes policies from Windows 10 Pro July 28, 2016 Cumulative Windows 10 Update KB3194496 installation issues September 30, 2016 Disable the Windows 10 Lock Screen (Anniversary Update) August 5, 2016 The State of Mozilla Firefox September 4, 2016 You will use Cortana, Microsoft says July 26, 2016 Advertisement Random Software Review ShutUp10 update with Lockscreen tweaks Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Advertisement Latest The Google Pixel XL Phone Giveaway November 15, 2016 Cut videos with Lossless Cut November 15, 2016 FileZilla Secure encrypt FTP login details November 15, 2016 Firefox 50 Released: Find out what is new November 15, 2016 Firefox 51: blocks automatic audio playback in non-active tabs November 14, 2016 Popular Deals Sticky Password Premium Lifetime 80% off PureVPN Lifetime 85% off Zoolz 1TB Storage Lifetime 98% off Microsoft MCSE Server Admin Certification Training 97% off About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2016 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software After Google, Apple is Now Stepping in to Rival Amazon Echo September 24, 2016, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Amazon picked quite an odd platform in the form of speakers to hurl their Alexa powered personal assistant services. But it seems to have worked out surprisingly well for the company, as two tech giants are now stepping in the shoes of Amazon to launch a rival product. The first one, like we all know, is Google, who will be introducing their Google Home speaker device powered by Google’s personal assistant and voice recognition services next month. Now, it’s Apple who is said to be working on a similar device to catch up with the rivals in the considerably new domain of technology. Apple’s Echo-rival will be having Siri integration, which will be functioning as the personal assistant in the device to cater various home-control functions like controlling home appliances, handling locks and lights, and even curtains via voice commands. Alongside, Siri integration would also mean that the device will be capable of handling more than just home control, like having control over email, Twitter, Apple Music, and other services in iPhone. According to Bloomberg, Apple has been working on the project for nearly two years, and their device should draw the line between Google Home and Amazon Echo with advanced audio peripherals that include advanced microphone as well as speaker setup. Besides, this will also be employing the task of augmenting the iPhone devices with home automation. There has been no finalization of whether the device will come out in the said form. Chances are also there that Apple could wind up the project before it comes alive. But the instant popularity of the Echo devices, which has guided Amazon in expanding Amazon to further devices, and the arrival of the Google Home could set the project up and running inside the Apple premises. Posted in: Software, Tech News Related Articles Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Boom Supersonic Commercial Jets to Take Wing Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here Google Keeps up Promise by Launching Standalone App Version of Android Auto « Previous Post « Snapchat No More Just an App; Reveals New Hardware Device Next Post » Google Hardware-Centered Event will also Unveil a New WiFi Router » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Boom Supersonic Commercial Jets to Take Wing Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here Google Keeps up Promise by Launching Standalone App Version of Android Auto Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Google Keeps up Promise by Launching Standalone App Version of Android Auto There’s an App to Replicate MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar for Other Mac Devices Microsoft Wants to Glamorize Your Selfies with its New Android App LastPass Opens Up Free Password Sync across Devices Vine Co-Founders Come up with Hype, a Live Video Stream App DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How Here’s How to Get Material Design on YouTube Web News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
Search Search for... Podcast Forums Premium HTML & CSS JavaScript PHP Ruby Mobile Design & UX Entrepreneur Web WordPress Java Web Dev @ Microsoft SEO By WooRank × HTML & CSS JavaScript PHP Ruby Mobile Design & UX Entrepreneur Web WordPress Java Web Dev @ Microsoft SEO By WooRank Podcast Books Courses Screencasts Newsletters Versioning Forums Advertise Contribute Contact Us Our Story 995k Subscribers 132k Followers 80k Followers Web Article 5 Essential SEO Strategies for Improving Engagement Metrics By Richard Hammond September 23, 2016 Every time someone types in a search query on Google, they’re given a list of results. The way in which those results are ordered is a highly complex algorithmic process that takes into account over 200 factors, and those factors are constantly changing. One thing that Google hasn’t changed, however, since they first started in 1998, is their main objective — which is to provide the most relevant and useful search results to their users every time they perform a search. In recent years, one element of the ranking algorithm has increased greatly in importance, and that is on-site engagement — which was recently ranked 5th in terms of importance on the bi-annual ranking factors study from Moz. When you think about it, it makes perfect sense: the more engaged the user is with your content, the more likely they are finding it useful. Engagement Metrics It’s not easy to algorithmically determine how engaged someone is with a piece of content, but there are certain metrics that give a good indication, such as those below. Time on page Definition: the amount of time between the user landing on your webpage to leaving it. Why it matters: the longer a user is spending on a page, the more likely they are finding the content useful and relevant to their search query. Bounce rate Definition: the percentage of users that land on your webpage and then leave without visiting another page. Why it matters: in short, it probably doesn’t in terms of the ranking algorithms. The problem with bounce rate is, someone could visit your web page, read the content for ten minutes, get exactly what they needed from it, and then leave the page. This would count as a bounce, but in reality they’ve found that page very useful. Bounce rate should be considered, as a high bounce rate could indicate a problem, but the other metrics are more important. Dwell time Definition: the time between a user landing on your webpage and clicking back to the search results, Why it matters: If people are consistently landing on your content and then quickly clicking back to the search results and clicking on another result, it indicates that the page is not very relevant to that specific search query and will likely lead to the page being demoted. If this happens rarely, it indicates that the page is very relevant. Click Through Rate (CTR) Definition: the percentage of users that click on your result in the search results compared to the total number of people that are served it for a search query. Why it matters: if a larger percentage of people are clicking on your result ranked 4th than the result above you in 3rd, it indicates a preference for your result. Of course, page titles and meta descriptions can be inaccurate, irrelevant or manipulative, so CTR is likely looked at in conjunction with the other metrics e.g. high CTR + high dwell time = a highly relevant result. So, now we’ve established the metrics that are important, can we do anything to improve them? Of course we can! Whether writing new content or going back and optimizing current content, the following steps can help push those all-important engagement metrics. 1. Create Content Based on the Needs of Your Audience The first step when creating content is to work out who your audience are and what sort of content they’re looking for. This can be done in a number of ways, such as by: asking them directly via user surveys using audience reports in Google Analytics analyzing your audience on social media reviewing past content on your site that has performed well looking at other people’s content that has performed well using Buzzsumo looking on related forums and seeing what types of questions people are asking. Make sure that any content you create is both tailored to your audience and the types of questions they’re asking and you’ll can be sure to see some amazing engagement metrics for what you produce. 2. Magnet Words and Emotive Page Titles It’s very important to have keywords in your page title for SEO, but just as important is potential to persuade people to click on your listing in the search results. CTR is of huge importance in SEO, and that one line of blue text could be your opportunity to stand out, so great care should be taken when crafting your page titles. To improve your CTR there are certain (magnet) words that are known to attract clicks, and you can also use emotive language to persuade people. Some examples of magnet word include: free new secret now you numbers See an extensive list here. 3. Making Content Visually Appealing First impressions are very important. If a user lands on a web page and doesn’t like what they see, you can be sure they’ll be pressing that back button. This is known as “pogo sticking“, and it sends a negative signal to Google. Relevant, high-quality images should be used to break up the text and make the page more attractive to encourage people to stay on the page. The way the text is structured is also important. Large blocks of text and overly long paragraphs can seem daunting and can put people off reading your content. Shorter, more succinct paragraphs should be used with gaps in-between. Different sections should be broken up using relevant subheadings. This not only provides a logical structure to your content, but also informs the user what each section is about and can persuade them to read it. 4. Bucket Brigades Credit to Brian Dean for this awesome tip. Bucket Brigades are basically a device that’s designed to keep people reading a piece of text content. They are short words or sentences that have a colon at the end and are added to copy at points where you feel the user may lose interest with the aim of keeping them on the page. Again this relates to making sure your time on page is as high as it possibly can be. Here are the example bucket brigades Brian gives in his article: Here’s the deal: Now: What’s the bottom line? You might be wondering: This is crazy: It gets better/worse: But here’s the kicker: Want to know the best part? 5. Using Supporting Videos Videos are a great way of enhancing your content and can be very effective at improving time on page. If someone stops to watch a five-minute video all the way through, you can add five minutes to the time they’re on that page reading through your content. Videos can also be a great way to get your point across and break up the text for a more interesting overall piece of content. In Summary When writing content for your website, it’s important to write well-researched, useful and interesting content, but it’s just as important to consider how people will engage with that content. This aim has the dual benefit of ensuring both that your users are getting what they need from your content, and giving the engagement signals to the search engines that indicates “this content is high quality and should be ranked above other content with less engagement”. More: Content strategy, engagement metrics, improve seo ranking, SEO, seo copywriting Meet the author Richard Hammond Richard Hammond is an SEO Account Manager at DBD specializing in technical SEO, social media and content marketing. In his spare time, he runs the creative community The Talent Bank. No Reader comments Latest Courses Browse all 9 courses 2h 15m Premium Course Brett Romero Wrapping Your Head Around Python It's not just Python, it's programming 4h 7m Premium Course Darren Jones Ruby 2.0 Learn the latest Ruby and ignite your passion in programming 1h 49m Premium Course Brett Romero Introduction to Swift Premium Course 2h 15m Premium Course Brett Romero, May 04 Wrapping Your Head Around Python Premium Course 4h 7m Premium Course Darren Jones, Oct 27 Ruby 2.0 Premium Course 1h 49m Premium Course Brett Romero, Sep 09 Introduction to Swift Latest Books Browse all 16 books Premium Book Shaumik Daityari Jump Start Git Take control of your code Premium Book Mal Curtis Level Up Your Web Apps With Go Harness the power of Go in your web apps! Premium Book Timothy Boronczyk Jump Start MySQL Master the database that powers the Web Premium Book Premium Book Shaumik Daityari, Aug 27 Jump Start Git Premium Book Premium Book Mal Curtis, Apr 30 Level Up Your Web Apps With Go Premium Book Premium Book Timothy Boronczyk, Apr 08 Jump Start MySQL Recommended 1 How Can Your Site Get into Google Answer Boxes? 2 On Page SEO Checklist for the Optimized Page 3 Improve Your JavaScript Learning with Fun Experiments 4 6 Things to Know Before Launching Mobile Apps on the App Store 5 Your Guide to Conducting SEO Link Audits Sponsors 4 Comments Web Browser Trends November 2016: Rise of the Underdog In October, we discussed reasons why Edge has struggled to gain momentum. Are November's StatCounter browser statistics better for... Craig Buckler, Nov 01 View 09:34 JavaScript Slack Incoming Webhooks Incoming webhooks in Slack provide a very simple tool for posting messages into Slack channels, from outside sources. In this video,... Esteban Herrera, Nov 08 View Web 4 Comments Web Craig Buckler, Nov 01 Browser Trends November 2016: Rise of the Underdog In October, we discussed reasons why Edge has struggled to gain momentum. Are November's StatCounter browser statistics better for Microsoft's flagship brow JavaScript 09:34 JavaScript Esteban Herrera, Nov 08 Slack Incoming Webhooks Incoming webhooks in Slack provide a very simple tool for posting messages into Slack channels, from outside sources. In this video, you'll see a demonstration of that process, using... Because We Like You Free Ebooks! Grab SitePoint's top 10 web dev and design ebooks, completely free! Get Your Ebooks Get the latest in Front-end, once a week, for free.Subscribe About Our Story Advertise Press Room Reference Terms of Use Privacy Policy FAQ Contact Us Contribute Visit SitePoint Home Podcast Forums Newsletters Premium References Versioning Connect © 2000 – 2016 SitePoint Pty. Ltd.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes banned: What is ATM Recalibration and why it could take 2-3 weeks By Naina Khedekar 5   Comments Demonetisation: To get India to trade and transact digitally, UPI needs to succeed By Nash David 3   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments Demonetisation: CashNoCash helps find ATMs, banks and post offices with cash availability By Naina Khedekar 3   Comments OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 3T: Here are 5 differences between the two flagships By Sheldon Pinto 2   Comments more from #Twitter Mark Zuckerberg's Pinterest and Twitter accounts hacked by Ourmine Twitter is expanding mute options, making reporting easier, and sensitising staff to take on abuse Twitter will upgrade features to combat cyber-bullying; to give users the the option to mute Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Twitter is talking to tech companies, exploring the option of selling itself #Twitter Image Credits: Reuters 0   24 Sep 2016 , 14:24 By Greg Roumeliotis and Liana B. Baker Twitter Inc has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signaling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumors for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company’s business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google and may receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google’s parent company did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumors but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 percent to $22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $16 billion. Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. “From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce,” Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Twitter is working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. Salesforce Surprise The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com’s interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new “Einstein” artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company’s strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter “firehose” of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce’s chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: “Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others.” Later, Afshar added: “I have tweeted my personal views regarding ‘Why Twitter?’ numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter.” Rivals Ascend Afshar’s sentiment is not shared on Wall Street, however. Twitter missed Wall Street’s sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook’s Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter’s revenue grew rapidly under former Chief Executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Costolo’s departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313 million monthly users, up just 3 percent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share. The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday’s close at $18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value. Reuters   Tags: Facebook, Jack Dorsey, Salesforce, Snapchat, Twitter, Vala Afshar Also read Twitter stops counting photos, videos and polls towards 140 character limit The Twitter layoff in its Bengaluru engineering centre isn’t meant to be a big deal X Recommended For You Mark Zuckerberg’s Pinterest and Twitter accounts hacked by Ourmine Twitter is expanding mute options, making reporting easier, and sensitising staff to take on abuse Twitter will upgrade features to combat cyber-bullying; to give users the the option to mute Google and Facebook announce measures aimed at containing spread of fake news Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Internet Nov 16, 2016 China-India Internet Market Comparative Report: India is world’s fastest growing internet market #Apple Nov 16, 2016 Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 with SOS functionality now only for India #Xiaomi Nov 16, 2016 Xiaomi Mi Box 3s and Mi Box 3c launch: Two new smart TV box variants priced at Rs 2,949 and Rs 1,969 #Blockchain Nov 16, 2016 Singapore to test blockchain technology for interbank transactions #TomTom Nov 16, 2016 TomTom Sports fitness range launched: Includes a fitness band and two fitness watches SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes banned: What is ATM Recalibration and why it could take 2-3 weeks By Naina Khedekar 5   Comments Demonetisation: To get India to trade and transact digitally, UPI needs to succeed By Nash David 3   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments Demonetisation: CashNoCash helps find ATMs, banks and post offices with cash availability By Naina Khedekar 3   Comments OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 3T: Here are 5 differences between the two flagships By Sheldon Pinto 2   Comments more from #Twitter Mark Zuckerberg's Pinterest and Twitter accounts hacked by Ourmine Twitter is expanding mute options, making reporting easier, and sensitising staff to take on abuse Twitter will upgrade features to combat cyber-bullying; to give users the the option to mute Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Twitter is talking to tech companies, exploring the option of selling itself #Twitter Image Credits: Reuters 0   24 Sep 2016 , 14:24 By Greg Roumeliotis and Liana B. Baker Twitter Inc has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signaling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumors for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company’s business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google and may receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google’s parent company did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumors but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 percent to $22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $16 billion. Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. “From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce,” Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Twitter is working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. Salesforce Surprise The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com’s interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new “Einstein” artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company’s strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter “firehose” of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce’s chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: “Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others.” Later, Afshar added: “I have tweeted my personal views regarding ‘Why Twitter?’ numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter.” Rivals Ascend Afshar’s sentiment is not shared on Wall Street, however. Twitter missed Wall Street’s sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook’s Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter’s revenue grew rapidly under former Chief Executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Costolo’s departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313 million monthly users, up just 3 percent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share. The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday’s close at $18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value. Reuters   Tags: Facebook, Jack Dorsey, Salesforce, Snapchat, Twitter, Vala Afshar Also read Twitter stops counting photos, videos and polls towards 140 character limit The Twitter layoff in its Bengaluru engineering centre isn’t meant to be a big deal X Recommended For You Mark Zuckerberg’s Pinterest and Twitter accounts hacked by Ourmine Twitter is expanding mute options, making reporting easier, and sensitising staff to take on abuse Twitter will upgrade features to combat cyber-bullying; to give users the the option to mute Google and Facebook announce measures aimed at containing spread of fake news Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Internet Nov 16, 2016 China-India Internet Market Comparative Report: India is world’s fastest growing internet market #Apple Nov 16, 2016 Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 with SOS functionality now only for India #Xiaomi Nov 16, 2016 Xiaomi Mi Box 3s and Mi Box 3c launch: Two new smart TV box variants priced at Rs 2,949 and Rs 1,969 #Blockchain Nov 16, 2016 Singapore to test blockchain technology for interbank transactions #TomTom Nov 16, 2016 TomTom Sports fitness range launched: Includes a fitness band and two fitness watches SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close AFL AFL preliminary final: Western Bulldog beat GWS Giants – as it happened Greater Western Sydney vs Western Bulldogs, live from Spotless Stadium Email: adam.collins.freelance@guardian.co.uk | Twitter: @collinsadam Updated Jeremy Cameron of the Giants will be looking to continue his early finals form as GWS take on the Bulldogs in tonight’s AFL preliminary final at Spotless Stadium. Photograph: David Moir/AAP Adam Collins @collinsadam Saturday 24 September 2016 06.30 EDT Last modified on Monday 10 October 2016 21.28 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 5.58am EDT 05:58 Final score - GWS 12.11.83 defeated by Western Bulldogs 13.11.89 5.55am EDT 05:55 THE DOGS ARE IN THE GRAND FINAL!!!!!!!!!! 5.22am EDT 05:22 Three quarter time - GWS 9.7.61 v Footscray 9.6.60 4.30am EDT 04:30 Half time - GWS 5.2.32 v Bulldogs 6.5.41 3.49am EDT 03:49 Quarter time - GWS 2.1.13 v Bulldogs 2.3.15 3.15am EDT 03:15 We are away! Live feed Show 6.17am EDT 06:17 Western Bulldogs into their first Grand Final for 55 years Footscray’s last Grand Final was Hawthorn’s first. The latter have played in 18 since and have 13 pennants. To say this club and its members are deserving is such an understatement. And from seventh. And after having to go to Perth. And having to eliminate both of last year’s Grand Finalists; including the mob who won the last three. Then go to Western Sydney against a team so destined. Luke Beveridge said a couple of weeks ago that the story wasn’t over yet. Turns out he was spot on. There’ll be reports and recaps and the like all over the website, so keep an eye out for them. But for me, that’s enough. Hope you enjoyed the ride. Thanks for your company. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.05am EDT 06:05 What scenes. Those Dogs rooms out of control for the song. At some point they’ll need to wind it back a bit and start thinking about Saturday, but they get this moment first. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.58am EDT 05:58 Final score - GWS 12.11.83 defeated by Western Bulldogs 13.11.89 You can’t beat the boys of the Bulldogs breed. Updated at 6.30am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.57am EDT 05:57 Peter Gordon crying in the crowd, he saved this club. Along with thousands of members who wouldn’t accept merger in 1989. Utterly inspirational. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.55am EDT 05:55 THE DOGS ARE IN THE GRAND FINAL!!!!!!!!!! Emotional players, supporters in tears; Tony Liberatore one of them. Soak it up, our game doesn’t get better than this. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.54am EDT 05:54 High tackle! Dogs free. And they can hold the ball. Kick it around! They will. But had to go down the line. Inside 50. Stringer. Dickson marks! 23 seconds to go. A GOAL WILL WIN THE GAME. Updated at 5.54am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.53am EDT 05:53 Defending they will show at the Dogs forever if they win this. The captain Easton Wood got back and made it count. No Giants player could get clean hands. All of a sudden the ball is back on the wing an out of bounds with 74 seconds to go and that’s not a bad result for the Dogs. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.52am EDT 05:52 Is that the moment? GWS get the break, Devon Smith loads from 49 and MISSES. Five the margin, two minutes to go. Another lunge on the wing, bodies everywhere. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.51am EDT 05:51 Bulldogs goal! 4th quarter (3:00 remaining) GWS 12.10 (82) vs Bulldogs 13.10 (88) DOGS LEAD AGAIN! Jack Macrae gets on the end of a Libber entry. Back with the flight. Perfect technique on the mark, and the set shot. Can it be so? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.49am EDT 05:49 SCORES ARE LEVEL! Greene takes a left foot snap and it is a minor score after the deep Mumford entry. Bodies everywhere, 3:43 on the clock. Updated at 5.53am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.48am EDT 05:48 Cameron hasn’t had a touch all night and misses the snap when he gets his chance. After Stringer prevented another GWS shot with a huge tackle. They were the two with quiet first halves. One has stepped up, the other hasn’t. Margin is one point and you start thinking about extra time with 4:14 left on the clock. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.45am EDT 05:45 Another crazy passage of play. Cordy is everywhere in the F50 for the Dogs, working in collaboration with Libber. Bont sets up the surge from centre half forward, but it is a behind when Johannisen sprays it from 50. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.44am EDT 05:44 GWS goal! 4th quarter (7:20 remaining) GWS 12.8 (80) vs Bulldogs 12.9 (81) Back the other end, Greene gets the boot to it and it goes 15.1 metres; mark paid. Patton goal from 20m out and it is back to a point. Whoever wins this will need at least two more goals from here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.42am EDT 05:42 Bulldogs goal! 4th quarter (8:40 remaining) GWS 11.8 (74) vs Bulldogs 12.9 (81) Caleb Daniel out to Cordy via a deflecton who snaps and it is true and the Dogs are seven points ahead with eight minutes to play and IT IS A FEATURE FILM IF THEY DO THIS. Updated at 5.45am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.40am EDT 05:40 Bulldogs goal! 4th quarter (09:40 remaining) GWS 11.8 (74) vs Bulldogs 11.9 (75) DOGS HIT THE LEAD. It is magic from Johannisen, his toe through the guts as good as you’ll see, then finding the champ Bont, who steadies and sets and DRILLS IT FROM 45. Oh, Johannisen that was sensational. The roar from the away support inspirational. Updated at 5.45am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.37am EDT 05:37 All happening. Dogs hit the post. After a magic Libber tackle in the previous wave; a missed snap there too. Every entry they are getting some sort of chance. But they remain behind by five points. If they can nab the next one it’ll break the Dogs’ heart. It’s a scrap, the players, understandably, spent. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.34am EDT 05:34 Stringer has lifted. Second contested ball he has won this quarter. Johannisen undoes the great work by not finishing it off. Not much pressure either. How often have I said that tonight when reflecting on a Dogs shot? Inside 50 they go again. And again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.32am EDT 05:32 Palmer shank. The Giant shoulda gone better there. Daniel takes the mark, wins a 50m penalty after a late infringement. And the little bloke finds a target at half forward. Hood ball movement. It’s out of bounds. But good signs on each line for the Dogs. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.30am EDT 05:30 Half a chance! Stringer’s snap, after Picken’s F50 entry, nearly. Cordy in the mixer down there too; he’s been good. Patton dropped mark down the other end. Plenty left in this. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.29am EDT 05:29 Bulldogs goal! 4th quarter (16:40 remaining) GWS 11.8 (74) vs Bulldogs 10.6 (66) And it does! Dickson gets on the end of a nice, long kick from Boyd that finds him on the chest. To make no mistake of it, he plays on and whacks it through. Three goals in three minutes to begin the quarter. Good sign for the Dogs, who need the game to remain open to bridge the gap, which is only eight points. Updated at 5.32am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.27am EDT 05:27 GWS goal! 4th quarter (17:40 remaining) GWS 11.8 (74) vs Bulldogs 9.6 (60) Two in a minute! Toby Greene has a chance from long-range, just inside the 50 and on the angle he makes no mistake with a late inswinger to the right handed batsmen. Real pretty. Fourteen point margin now. Ominous for the Dogs if they can’t get the next. But they should, right? This is what we know from the night: every time this happens. Updated at 5.31am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.25am EDT 05:25 GWS goal! 4th quarter (18:35 remaining) GWS 10.8 (68) vs Bulldogs 9.6 (60) Scully finds space, gets a snap deep and Lobb takes the grab! Classy player, good enough to create the angle and snap it home with his non-preferred left. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.22am EDT 05:22 Three quarter time - GWS 9.7.61 v Footscray 9.6.60 I’m just going to be repeating myself. But the desperation here is completely befitting of the stage. Neither team has disappointed; total commitment to the cause. The flow has been consistent tonight, each time one side has the ascendancy to the tune of more than a single goal, it seldom lasts more than a minute. GWS hung on for the early part of that quarter, benefitting from the Bulldogs again failing to take their chances, before going down the other end to make them pay. Heath Shaw’s goal had to hurt. But as their lead moved to 11, it was the Scraggers who jagged the final two. That last one, if they get over the line, will be spoken of for a long while. Get a tin of beer, or whatever it is that calms you. This is destined to be decided in the very last moments. Can the Dogs do this? Can they really? A first Grand Final for 55 years? Or will GWS close it out? FOOTY. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.17am EDT 05:17 Bulldogs goal! 3rd quarter (1:00 remaining) GWS 9.7 (61) vs Bulldogs 9.6 (60) INCREDIBLE goal to put the Dogs within one point. Caleb Daniel wanted it more, starting it with a desperate tackle to force the ball inside 50. But then, Patfull turns it over doing likewise. Full stretch tackle from him too. But who really wants it more? Libber to Daniel to goal. Our game at its best. Blimey! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.13am EDT 05:13 Let off, Dogs. Scully gets the crumbs from Cameron in comfortably his most influential moment of the night, bangs it home from close range. But it’s touched. Stringer, another who has been quiet tonight, gets his fingers to it in the dive. Hoooooold. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.11am EDT 05:11 Bulldogs goal! 3rd quarter (3:00 remaining) GWS 9.5 (59) vs Bulldogs 8.6 (54) And there it is! Immediate response. Bont superb; makes the marking contest, gets the ball the ground, wins it again, hands off to Cordy in space who finishes from 30. Lead back to five. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.08am EDT 05:08 GWS goal! 3rd quarter (4:30 remaining) GWS 9.5 (59) vs Bulldogs 7.6 (48) Heath Shaw! Runs up to collect a handball ala Buddy Franklin, gets the little handball receive and booms it home from 55! He’s had a crazy old night, starting fights with his own team and the opposition each time he is on camera. And now he has his first goal... of the season. The Giants lead is 11. Ten minutes ago they looked in real strife. Which suggests there’ll be another twist soon enough. Daniel Cherny 📰 (@DanielCherny) The Giants half-backs are starting to take control. The Dogs' pressure looks to be dropping off somewhat. September 24, 2016 Updated at 5.15am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.06am EDT 05:06 Unreal footy. Not the prettiest. But the tackling, the handballing, the pressure. Whitfield just tried to belt MacRae. No idea why, but gives a sense that they’ll worry about next week later. Until then: whatever it takes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.00am EDT 05:00 Steve Waugh up in corporates watching on with Kevin Sheedy. Better than Andre Agassi last night at the ‘G? Anyway, footy footy footy. AFL (@AFL) And just like that, the @GWSGIANTS are back within one point! #AFLFinals https://t.co/lyYTrcfRYU September 24, 2016 Updated at 5.01am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.59am EDT 04:59 GWS goal! 3rd quarter (10:00 remaining) GWS 8.5 (53) vs Bulldogs 7.6 (48) Giants back in front! Two goals in 90 seconds, and the Dogs will need to dig deep now. How often do you see it? One team dominates, can’t convert that to the scoreboard, other mob go down the other end and change the game. A fine contested mark by Lobb, who is going to be a superstar. He turns around and finishes off the job from 30. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.57am EDT 04:57 GWS goal! 3rd quarter (11:30 remaining) GWS 7.5 (47) vs Bulldogs 7.6 (48) Toby Greene on the end of an intercept, has a yard and takes it, finds Patton deep in the paddock who turns around and boots the goal! From absolutely nowhere they are a point down again. Superb tackle Tom Scully to set it all up. That’s been the pattern of the night. Updated at 4.57am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.55am EDT 04:55 Give me strength, that is ridiculous. Poor clearing kick by Davis out of GWS’ defensive 50 and he’s pinged for deliberate. Spirit of the rule, etc. They are yet to convert from it. A missed snap, another poor Stringer set shot. But they’ll keep coming, be sure of that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.52am EDT 04:52 Dogs surge! Dahlhaus strong contest in the corridor, wins the free for his effort. Back the other way and Jake Stringer is out the back! Hasn’t been seen all night, and in keeping with that anonymity misses to the near side. Lift, fella. Lift. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50am EDT 04:50 Bulldogs goal! 3rd quarter (15:30 remaining) GWS 6.5 (41) vs Bulldogs 7.5 (47) Tory Dickson too strong and too good and too classy. Drives home his third from 20m after taking an excellent grab over Heath Shaw. Timely. But they all are at this time of the season, aren’t they? Updated at 5.02am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.48am EDT 04:48 GWS goal! 3rd quarter (17:30 remaining) GWS 6.4 (40) vs Bulldogs 6.5 (41) Lobb! Benefits from a fumble at the kick-off line, clever banana from the big man and GWS get their first of the third term. They’re peppering. Meanwhile, Bont hobbles off after copping a whack to the hip courtesy of Dylan Shiel. And Ward is back on the bench, albeit in his tracksuit, the TV tells me. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.46am EDT 04:46 Liquid football. The Giants move the ball 100m quicker than Ben Johnson. But the finish isn’t there. Then Devon Smith doesn’t convert a snap from relatively close range. Maybe their turn to miss a few? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.43am EDT 04:43 That was quick. We’re back at the footy. Stick with us, we’ve got the close one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.43am EDT 04:43 John Smith has dropped us a line. “Adam. Thanks for the live blog which i am following from Yazd in Iran,” Can you beat that? We had Sub-Saharan Africa last week. He quickly adds that next week he’ll be in Tehran for the Grand Final. Probably no pub crawl, then. Ian Swan doesn’t like BT’s commentary. Reckons he is barracking for the Dogs. I was worried I’d do that tonight. How’s my driving? Scott Dare has a good point on twitter. @andrew_54 is the most passionate Dogs man on the entire world wide web. Follow his emotions over the next hour. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32am EDT 04:32 Ashley Browne (@hashbrowne) Two touches for Jeremy Cameron, four for Jakey Stringer. #aflfinals September 24, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.31am EDT 04:31 Daniel Cherny 📰 (@DanielCherny) RougheadFalcon.gif pic.twitter.com/bl71aiU4Mo September 24, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30am EDT 04:30 Half time - GWS 5.2.32 v Bulldogs 6.5.41 Jason Dunstall on the telly has it about right: an entire half of arm-wrestling. A case can be made for the Dogs being far further ahead due to inaccuracy, but the Giants twice hit the lead in that second term. Both sides have lost a man, Jordan Roughead to a ball in the eye, then Callan Ward a knee to the jaw. Clay Smith the Dogs’ talisman, four majors in the half. Toby Greene has three for the hosts. “If he comes back on this man is Hercules,” says Dermie at ground level about the Ward injury. He knows a bit about that. What do you reckon? Who breaks this open? We’ve got 15 minutes, let’s have a chat. Adam.Collins.Freelance@theguardian.com. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.23am EDT 04:23 Siren! Phew. Bloody hell. I need a drink. The 44 blokes out there need an orange. Updated at 4.26am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22am EDT 04:22 Russell Jackson (@rustyjacko) Best Clay since... pic.twitter.com/Ia9upZio36 September 24, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22am EDT 04:22 Bulldogs goal! 2nd quarter (1:45 remaining) GWS 5.2 (32) vs Bulldogs 6.5 (41) Clay Smith has four! Ball up inside the Dogs 50 and he finds room where it surely didn’t exist, roving the Giants’ tap. It’s a wonderful finish! Oh and Heath Shaw has lost his mind in response! Unclear who he is directing the spray at, but it’s fierce. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics AFL Western Bulldogs Greater Western Sydney Giants Australia sport Australian rules football Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › AFL Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google open-sources image caption tool in TensorFlow Google has announced that it has open sourced its image captioning tool dubbed as Show and Tell in TensorFlow. The company has improved the technology and it is much faster to train, and produce more detailed and accurate descriptions compared to the original system. Google says the ImageNet classification task now achieves 93.9% accuracy which is a significant increase from 89.6% from just two years ago. The company had to to train both the vision and language frameworks with captions created by real people. Google first published a paper on the model in 2014 and released an update in 2015 to document a newer and more accurate version of the model. Chris Shallue, Software Engineer, Google Brain Team said in a blog post, Excitingly, our model does indeed develop the ability to generate accurate new captions when presented with completely new scenes, indicating a deeper understanding of the objects and context in the images. Moreover, it learns how to express that knowledge in natural-sounding English phrases despite receiving no additional language training other than reading the human captions. The new improvements apply recent advances in computer vision and machine translation to image-captioning challenges. Source "Google open-sources image caption tool in TensorFlow", 5 out of 5 based on 3 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on September 24, 2016Categories Google Post navigation Previous Previous post: Apple releases iOS 10.0.2 update to fix iPhone 7 Lightning headphones bug Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy On8 with 1080p Super AMOLED display to launch in India exclusively on Flipkart Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts OKWU Pi with 5-inch HD display, Android 6.0, dual rear cameras, 4G VoLTE launched for Rs. 5999 OnePlus 3T official, Seagate introduces 5TB portable hard disk and more – FoneArena Daily Kingston DataTraveler 50 USB 3.1 flash drive (8GB to 128GB) launched in India starting at Rs. 375 Vivo Xplay6 with 5.46-inch Quad HD curved display, Snapdragon 820, 6GB RAM, dual rear cameras announced Vivo X9 and X9 Plus with 20MP + 8MP dual front cameras, Snapdragon 625 and 653 SoCs announced TomTom Touch Fitness Tracker, Spark 3 Fitness Watch, Adventurer GPS Outdoor Watch Hands On Paytm now allows money transfer to any bank account at 0% fee WhatsApp to continue support for BlackBerry, including BlackBerry 10 till mid-2017 Twitter will now help you fight trolls with ability to mute words and conversations Google India adds ‘Find an ATM near you’ tool to help citizens CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Microsoft > General Business FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Microsoft “Very Unlikely” to Buy Twitter, Source Says GO Redmond not willing to pay so much for Twitter Sep 24, 2016 08:42 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Microsoft is said to be one of the parties that are interested in taking over social network Twitter alongside Google, Salesforce, and Verizon, but we’re hearing that the Redmond firm is very likely to give up on the negotiations because of the high estimated price of the deal. Although this is just a rumor for the time being, it makes sense for Microsoft to be out of the running for Twitter, especially because the company has recently purchased LinkedIn for $26.2 billion and Twitter is said to be even more expensive than that. What we’re hearing is that, although it does have the money to purchase the network, Microsoft doesn’t think that Twitter is worth $30 billion, as this is how much the company is aiming to get following the deal. Microsoft has already been criticized for paying too much for LinkedIn, so the company does not afford to make the same mistake twice, especially because it’s not very clear how Twitter would integrate into its lineup. Buying Twitter makes more sense for Google Twitter is said to be valued at approximately $18 billion, so the company is looking to get almost double the value as part of the sale, which is raising questions as to how much the other bidders, including Google, are willing to pay for the social network. But as compared to Microsoft, Google might be more interested in buying Twitter because the service would make a little bit more sense in its case, as the company’s already looking to step away from Google Plus and Twitter could show up just at the right time. In the case of Microsoft, the firm is already working on social networking integration for some of its products, including Bing, so a possible acquisition of Twitter could help the company expand further in this direction. But on the other hand, Twitter is mostly focused on consumers, while Microsoft is converting into a more enterprise-focused business, so it’s hard to believe that Redmond would have any strong reason to buy it. For the moment, these are all rumors and Microsoft could very well decide to go for it and purchase Twitter, but given the fact that other big names are involved in the bidding, it’s all going to be a very interesting battle. #Microsoft#Twitter#Google#LinkedIn#Salesforce subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Windows 10 Might Soon Track Absolutely Everything You Do for Your Own Good Windows 10 Users Will Soon Be Able to “Turn Off the Lights” Microsoft Releases New App Updates for Apple’s iOS Microsoft Itself Removes Windows Phone Support from One App Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: Is It Worth the Upgrade? Antivirus Firms Unite Against Microsoft Push for Windows Defender in Windows 10 Shazam for Mac Keeps the Microphone On Even After Users Manually Turn It Off iOS Flaw Allows Anyone to Bypass iPhone Passcode and Access Photos and Messages - Video Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update Fantastic Beasts Stickers Come to Google Allo ZTE Grand X 4 Lands at Cricket Wireless for $129.99, for Sale on November 18    Twitter wants to get $30 billion following the sale New Apps Microsoft Visual Studio Community: Take advantage of a rich development toolbox and a user-friendly, familiar integrated development environment to create impressive cross-platform apps OSForensics: A software utility that enables you to analyze computers and extract a wide array of information from them, including deleted files and memory usage reports Macgo Free Media Player: Play multimedia files, DVDs or access media URLs with this handy application that provides you with several configuration options QOwnNotes: Create notes on your computer that you can sort, organize, export or print and also attach images, paste HTML or media and encrypt FireAlpaca: A useful and fully-featured image editor that supports layers and other advanced features while remaining lightweight and user-friendly VidMasta: Now you can watch and download movies as well as television titles in any format (TV, DVD, 720p, 1080i/p) with the help of this simple utility Tor Browser: A familiar web browser carefully adjusted to allow you to safely visit your favorite pages while also keeping your identity hidden Reader comments Load old comments   Microsoft Announces Black Friday 2016 Deals: Perfect Time to Go Windows 10 more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version September 24, 2016 - 10:50 AMT SHARE Edward Snowden warns against using Google’s Allo messaging app When Google announced its Allo messaging app at its I/O conference in May, it indicated that it would take privacy a step forward. Not only would the app feature end-to-end encryption, but the company also discussed fresh message retention procedures - messages were tipped to be stored only 'transiently' rather than permanently. So what happened when the app was released this week? Google performed a 180-degree flip on some of those features - a move which led whistleblower Edward Snowden to denounce the Allo app on social media, Digital Spy said. Linking to an article outlining the U-turn on privacy practices from The Verge, Snowden said: "What is #Allo? A Google app that records every message you ever send and makes it available to police upon request." While we're not confident the search giant will be rolling with that tag line for its app promotion any time soon, it's important to note that Allo still offers around the same security as other chat applications, Digital Spy said. The problem comes with who the data is readily available to, with Snowden indicating that obtaining a subpoena to access the chat is a snip for US government agencies. To avoid the message logging, users can still use the app's Incognito Mode, which is fully end-to-end encrypted and remains unchanged from the May announcement. Photo: AFP/ Getty Images SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version September 24, 2016 - 11:01 AMT SHARE Google about to buy Twitter? Just when you thought this was an ordinary Friday, one of the world's biggest social media platforms has seemingly decided to enter into talks with Google about a possible sale, Digital Spy said. That's according to CNBC, which indicates that Twitter is "engaged in conversations with potential suitors that are said to include Google and Salesforce.com, among other technology companies". We're all familiar with search giant Google, with its reach quickly expanding in recent years to everything from autonomous vehicles to artificial intelligence. Salesforce, meanwhile, is not exactly a household name - the US-based company operates in cloud computing for businesses and customer service platforms. Google, of course, is the more interesting potential buyer of the two listed, Digital Spy said. It has previously offered shallow attempts to create influence within social media, with Google Buzz failing before successor Google+ also struggled to rival platforms like Facebook. The benefit of taking over from Twitter is that the user base is already present on a platform that's unique and popular. Where Twitter lags behind in monetisation, Google could potentially pick up the slack, Digital Spy said. The news also sent Twitter's share price to its highest since January at $22.65, although Salesforce was down 3.2pc and Alphabet - Google's parent company - dipped 0.19pc. Photo: Mary Turner/ Getty SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Twitter rumoured to be on sale; Google among tech giants that express interest Salesforce and Alphabet are also said to be the front-runners to clinch the deal. Rahul R   September 24, 2016 12:39 IST Twitter rumoured to be on sale, many tech giants, including Google, apparently express interestREUTERS Twitter is rumoured to be on sale and several technology giants are said to have expressed interest for a take-over. The apparent reasons for this development are losses amounting to millions of dollars annually, apart from depreciating growth as far as users are concerned. The micro-blogging site is said to have initiated discussions with various technology companies, including Google Inc. for a sell-out, Reuters reported, quoting anonymous sources from CNBC. Google is also said to be the frontrunner for securing the bid to buy Twitter.  Why advertise with us? Related Verizon-driven Samsung Galaxy Tab S receiving Android Marshmallow: Android 7.0 Nougat imminent Google Allo: Four key features of AI-based messenger app American cloud-computing company Salesforce.com is also among the likely candidates, who have initiated negotiations for the purchase. American wireless service provider Verizon was until recently being viewed as a potential buyer of Twitter but the company has stated that it was yet to submit bids. However, analysts seem to share a different view as far as Google and Salesforce are concerned. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," an analyst at Independent Investment Research firm Morningstar said. Alphabet was founded in October 2015 by Google's Larry Page and Sergey Brin, who are the Alphabet CEO and president, respectively. Twitter had announced earlier this week that it would discontinue its engineering operations in India. This could impact close to 100 employees working in the San Francisco-based company's development centre in Bengaluru. Quick Links Twitter Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Flipkart Big Billion Days vs Amazon Great Indian Festival: Which sale has better offers on cameras 53 minutes ago By Sami Khan Will Kickass Torrents return? KAT drags Google into its legal quarrels 1 hour ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big Billion Day: You might lose huge money if you don't follow these tips Simple ways to beat impulse buying. There might be other websites offering products at better prices or better deals. Flipkart Big Billion Days sale (2016): Top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart is also giving away gift vouchers and additional cash discounts via exchange deal on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other phones. Moto Z, Z Play to debut in India on October 4 In addition to the Moto Z and the Z Play, the company is also expected to launch photography-centric Moto Mod accessory Hasselblad True Zoom on Tuesday. Reliance Jio unlimited 4G data, free calls violates TRAI rules; probe ordered TRAI says that the concerns raised by telecom majors would be examined after looking into Jio's tariffs. Samsung Galaxy On8 released in India via Flipkart As part of Flipkart's Big Billion Days sale, prospective buyers of Samsung Galaxy On8 stand a chance to get additional cash discounts. Amazon Prime best offers: iPhone 6s available at Rs. 29,999, iPhone 5s at Rs. 17,999; when and how to buy Amazon Prime members can avail several other benefits such as priority delivery and early access to lightning deals. List of Samsung smartphones expected in Q4 2016 Samsung will release a few devices like Galaxy A5 (2017), Galaxy A7 (2017), and Galaxy C5 Pro before the end of the year. Moto Z series India launch live stream: How to watch the Motorola event on smartphone and PCs Moto Z India launch event is scheduled to kick-off at 12 pm in New Delhi. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Radio New Zealand Skip to content Menu Home News New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Comment & Analysis Weather Radio National Concert International Programmes Presenters Latest Audio Series & Podcasts Topics Music Science Life & Society Current Affairs Arts & Culture Movies Plays & Stories Media & Technology Sport Comment & Analysis Business & Economy Politics Te Ao Māori Country Pacific Books Food & Recipes Nature & Environment Collections Search Listen Live Nothing playing RNZ National Nine To Noon 9am - Midday National live stream RNZ Concert Classic Morning Concert live stream RNZ International World & Pacific News International live stream More ways to listen Playlist Your playlist Launch player Close No items Audio help Launch player Navigation for News Categories New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Comment & Analysis Weather Business Media & Technology 24 Sep 2016 Twitter begins discussions to explore sale options 4:22 pm on 24 September 2016 Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In Twitter Inc. is reported to have initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, signalling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Photo: 123RF A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumours for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company's business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. Analysts have long considered Alphabet's Google the most likely buyer for Twitter, and a source told Reuters that Salesforce.com was also in pursuit. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google and Salesforce and may receive a formal bid soon. Twitter and Alphabet did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumours but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 21 percent closing at $22.65 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $16 billion. Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," Mr Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Rivals ascend Twitter missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3bn since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook's Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures, even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter's revenue grew rapidly under former chief executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Mr Costolo's departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313m monthly users, up just three percent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Salesforce surprise The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com's interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new "Einstein" artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company's strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter "firehose" of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce's chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar tweeted on Friday: "Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others." Later, Mr Afshar added: "I have tweeted my personal views regarding 'Why Twitter?' numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter." Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share. The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday's close at $18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value. - Reuters Tags: business technology Twitter Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In Copyright © 2016, Radio New Zealand Next story in Business King Salmon IPO to issue shares at $1.12 Related Stories Twitter to stop counting photos, links in 140 characters 17 May 2016 Twitter users will soon have more flexibility, with the company reportedly planning to stop including photos and links as part of its 140-character limit. Twitter to stop counting photos, links in 140 characters Twitter to stream NFL games 6 Apr 2016 The NFL has chosen Twitter as its exclusive global partner for streaming its Thursday night games during the 2016 regular season. Twitter to stream NFL games Twitter shares drop as user growth slows 11 Feb 2016 Shares of Twitter have fallen with company's quarterly results showing user growth faltering. Twitter shares drop as user growth slows Twitter poaches top Google executive 15 Oct 2015 A day after Twitter announced it would axe 336 jobs, comes news it has poached a senior Google staffer to be its new executive chairman. Twitter poaches top Google executive Twitter axes 336 jobs 14 Oct 2015 Twitter is cutting roughly 8 percent of its global workforce, as part of a restructuring of the business. Twitter axes 336 jobs Twitter shares drop 30 Apr 2014 Shares in Twitter have dropped 11 percent to their lowest level since the company was floated after reporting a loss and disappointing growth in user numbers. Twitter shares drop Business Freight costs tipped to rise following quakes No winner in NZX court case Genesis buys out NZ Oil and Gas Kupe field stake Top News stories LIVE: The aftermath of the 7.8 magnitude quake Crayfish confused by quake ushered back into the water Quake-hit Wgtn building could collapse in an aftershock Pork chops and tea as Ward rode out quake night Quake evacuees: 'We won't forget Kaikoura' Subscribe Get the top 8 headlines each day at 8am with our daily email newsletter. Business RSS Follow RNZ News RNZ stations National Concert RNZ International The Wireless Latest & popular Latest audio Popular audio Latest video How to watch & listen Audio help Radio Subscribe to podcasts Sky, Freeview & Satellite YouTube RNZ apps for iPhone and Android About RNZ About Contact Media Releases Jobs Join & Follow RNZ RNZ on Facebook RNZ on Twitter RNZ on Youtube RNZ on Instagram Sign up to RNZ Newsletters Terms of use © Copyright Radio New Zealand 2016
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Thu,  17 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   -0.10 -2.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.60   0.10 1.18%   AAMRATECH 25.70   -0.80 -3.02%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.70   0.40 2.31%   ACI   0.80   ACIFORMULA 156.90   0.60 0.38%   ACMELAB 103.10   -1.40 -1.34%   ACTIVEFINE 38.90   -0.40 -1.02%   AFCAGRO 45.10   -0.50 -1.10%   AFTABAUTO 56.30   1.70 3.11%   AGNISYSL 18.40   -0.10 -0.54%   AGRANINS 17.80   0.50 2.89%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 96.20   2.30 2.45%   ALARABANK 15.00   0.10 0.67%   AMANFEED 77.80   0.70 0.91%   AMBEEPHA 440.80   19.10 4.53%   AMCL(PRAN) 198.70   0.00 0.00%   ANLIMAYARN 26.20   -0.40 -1.50%   ANWARGALV 67.90   0.80 1.19%   APEXFOODS 139.90   1.00 0.72%   APEXFOOT 363.70   -4.80 -1.30%   APEXSPINN 119.10   -1.30 -1.08%   APEXTANRY 123.50   -3.70 -2.91%   APOLOISPAT 16.10   0.00 0.00%   ARAMIT 351.30   -0.90 -0.26%   ARAMITCEM 30.30   0.70 2.36%   ARGONDENIM 28.30   1.20 4.43%   ASIAINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   0.30 1.88%   ATCSLGF 10.50   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 112.90   -0.60 -0.53%   AZIZPIPES 68.00   -0.20 -0.29%   BANGAS 110.90   10.00 9.91%   BANKASIA 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   BARKAPOWER 29.70   -0.20 -0.67%   BATASHOE 1174.00   -4.50 -0.38%   BATBC   -2.20   BAYLEASING 20.20   0.10 0.50%   BBS   2.30   BDAUTOCA 61.60   -5.50 -8.20%   BDCOM   0.30   BDFINANCE 10.00   -0.20 -1.96%   BDLAMPS 171.50   0.00 0.00%   BDTHAI 22.70   -0.10 -0.44%   BDWELDING 9.00   0.10 1.12%   BEACHHATCH 8.40   -0.10 -1.18%   BEACONPHAR 18.80   -0.50 -2.59%   BENGALWTL 39.10   1.10 2.89%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   0.00 0.00%   BEXIMCO 22.10   -0.30 -1.34%   BGIC   0.40   BIFC   -0.30   BNICL   0.00   BRACBANK 65.80   -0.20 -0.30%   BSC   -3.20   BSCCL   -0.20   BSRMLTD 141.00   -1.50 -1.05%   BSRMSTEEL 94.30   -0.40 -0.42%   BXPHARMA 81.70   -0.30 -0.37%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 17.00   1.20 7.59%   CENTRALPHL 13.80   -0.20 -1.43%   CITYBANK 23.20   -0.10 -0.43%   CITYGENINS 15.20   0.50 3.40%   CMCKAMAL 14.00   0.20 1.45%   CNATEX 8.00   0.30 3.90%   CONFIDCEM 114.60   -0.90 -0.78%   CONTININS 16.50   0.20 1.23%   CVOPRL 193.40   1.20 0.62%   DACCADYE 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   DAFODILCOM 33.90   -0.50 -1.45%   DBH   -2.00   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 100.90   4.80 4.99%   DELTASPINN 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   DESCO   -2.20   DESHBANDHU 8.40   -0.20 -2.33%   DHAKABANK 16.30   0.20 1.24%   DHAKAINS 20.00   1.10 5.82%   DOREENPWR 113.20   0.90 0.80%   DSHGARME 348.00   -14.80 -4.08%   DSSL   0.90   DULAMIACOT 7.00   -0.50 -6.67%   DUTCHBANGL 106.90   -0.40 -0.37%   EASTERNINS 23.60   0.00 0.00%   EASTLAND 20.80   0.60 2.97%   EASTRNLUB 933.10   49.70 5.63%   EBL   -0.20   EBL1STMF 5.10   0.10 2.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   ECABLES 144.00   -1.60 -1.10%   EHL   1.40   EMERALDOIL 33.80   -0.90 -2.59%   ENVOYTEX 35.40   -1.50 -4.07%   ETL   0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.40   -0.20 -3.03%   EXIMBANK 10.70   0.40 3.88%   FAMILYTEX 7.80   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.40   0.20 1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.80   0.30 3.16%   FAREASTLIF 63.50   0.50 0.79%   FASFIN 11.50   0.20 1.77%   FBFIF   -0.10   FEDERALINS 10.40   0.40 4.00%   FEKDIL 22.50   -0.30 -1.32%   FINEFOODS 19.90   -0.10 -0.50%   FIRSTFIN 6.90   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 12.00   0.30 2.56%   FORTUNE 43.50   0.70 1.64%   FUWANGCER 13.50   -1.00 -6.90%   FUWANGFOOD 12.50   0.20 1.63%   GBBPOWER 14.80   0.20 1.37%   GEMINISEA 788.30   -2.70 -0.34%   GENNEXT 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   GHAIL   1.80   GHCL   1.30   GLAXOSMITH 1570.00   -30.20 -1.89%   GLOBALINS 12.90   0.50 4.03%   GP   1.50   GPHISPAT 28.50   -0.30 -1.04%   GQBALLPEN 69.20   -0.10 -0.14%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.20 1.94%   GREENDELMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   GREENDELT 47.50   0.90 1.93%   GSPFINANCE 20.30   0.30 1.50%   HAKKANIPUL 43.50   0.40 0.93%   HEIDELBCEM 546.00   -0.30 -0.05%   HFL   -0.30   HRTEX   0.30   HWAWELLTEX 35.10   -0.20 -0.57%   IBBLPBOND 970.00   -8.50 -0.87%   IBNSINA 210.60   -6.20 -2.86%   ICB   2.70   ICB1STNRB 18.80   0.10 0.53%   ICB2NDNRB 7.90   0.10 1.28%   ICB3RDNRB 4.60   0.10 2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   -0.10 -1.64%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 5.90   -0.10 -1.67%   IDLC   0.20   IFADAUTOS 75.50   0.70 0.94%   IFIC   0.10   IFIC1STMF 4.90   0.10 2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   0.10   IMAMBUTTON 10.40   -0.70 -6.31%   INTECH 11.50   -0.10 -0.86%   IPDC   -0.10   ISLAMIBANK 29.40   0.10 0.34%   ISLAMICFIN 15.50   0.10 0.65%   ISLAMIINS 17.30   0.70 4.22%   ISNLTD 12.30   0.40 3.36%   ITC   0.30   JAMUNABANK 14.40   -0.20 -1.37%   JAMUNAOIL 195.00   0.50 0.26%   JANATAINS 12.80   0.40 3.23%   JMISMDL 156.20   3.00 1.96%   JUTESPINN 53.20   -0.80 -1.48%   KARNAPHULI 14.20   0.60 4.41%   KAY&QUE 28.50   -2.20 -7.17%   KBPPWBIL 17.20   -0.20 -1.15%   KDSALTD 66.10   0.90 1.38%   KEYACOSMET 9.80   0.10 1.03%   KOHINOOR 435.00   -17.20 -3.80%   KPCL   0.50   KPPL   -0.10   LAFSURCEML 74.50   0.00 0.00%   LANKABAFIN 26.90   0.00 0.00%   LEGACYFOOT 18.20   -0.50 -2.67%   LIBRAINFU 490.00   -22.30 -4.35%   LINDEBD 1339.00   -0.60 -0.04%   LRGLOBMF1 6.60   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.40   -0.10 -0.65%   MARICO 1240.00   27.20 2.24%   MATINSPINN 36.70   0.90 2.51%   MBL1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 6.90   0.00 0.00%   MEGHNACEM 94.40   0.90 0.96%   MEGHNALIFE 52.80   0.80 1.54%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   -0.10 -1.82%   MERCANBANK 14.00   0.50 3.70%   MERCINS 14.30   0.70 5.15%   METROSPIN 6.30   0.00 0.00%   MHSML   -1.30   MICEMENT 75.20   0.00 0.00%   MIDASFIN 25.00   0.60 2.46%   MITHUNKNIT 61.70   -4.80 -7.22%   MJLBD   -0.40   MODERNDYE 187.70   -12.40 -6.20%   MONNOCERA 35.60   -0.70 -1.93%   MONNOSTAF 588.00   22.20 3.92%   MPETROLEUM 181.00   -3.00 -1.63%   MTB   0.10   NATLIFEINS 173.70   1.70 0.99%   NAVANACNG 57.80   2.90 5.28%   NBL   0.20   NCCBANK 10.50   0.10 0.96%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   -0.20   NHFIL   0.60   NITOLINS 21.60   -0.10 -0.46%   NLI1STMF 12.60   0.00 0.00%   NORTHRNINS 18.90   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 86.00   2.30 2.75%   NTC   13.30   NTLTUBES 129.00   -2.50 -1.90%   OAL   0.10   OLYMPIC 307.50   -2.70 -0.87%   ONEBANKLTD 14.90   0.10 0.68%   ORIONINFU 59.90   1.10 1.87%   ORIONPHARM 40.90   2.40 6.23%   PADMALIFE 22.90   0.50 2.23%   PADMAOIL 186.00   0.80 0.43%   PARAMOUNT 19.40   0.30 1.57%   PENINSULA 24.10   -0.40 -1.63%   PEOPLESINS 16.70   0.20 1.21%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.10 2.22%   PHARMAID 246.60   -6.50 -2.57%   PHENIXINS 22.00   0.60 2.80%   PHOENIXFIN 24.10   0.10 0.42%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.40   0.10 0.34%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   POPULARLIF 68.50   0.40 0.59%   POWERGRID 55.10   -3.30 -5.65%   PRAGATIINS 25.40   -0.40 -1.55%   PRAGATILIF 88.00   -0.80 -0.90%   PREMIERBAN 9.10   0.20 2.25%   PREMIERCEM 84.40   -0.70 -0.82%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   0.10 1.00%   PRIME1ICBA 5.10   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEBANK 15.20   0.20 1.33%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   0.20 2.56%   PRIMEINSUR 16.90   0.80 4.97%   PRIMELIFE 58.80   1.30 2.26%   PRIMETEX 22.60   0.50 2.26%   PROVATIINS 14.80   0.70 4.96%   PTL   -0.10   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 16.40   0.50 3.14%   QSMDRYCELL 98.60   6.70 7.29%   RAHIMAFOOD 86.00   -0.60 -0.69%   RAHIMTEXT 230.80   -2.60 -1.11%   RAKCERAMIC 59.30   1.30 2.24%   RANFOUNDRY 103.00   0.60 0.59%   RDFOOD 16.00   -0.60 -3.61%   RECKITTBEN 1592.90   4.50 0.28%   REGENTTEX 13.20   1.00 8.20%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.50   1.00 2.20%   RENATA 1092.50   -1.60 -0.15%   RENWICKJA 595.90   12.50 2.14%   REPUBLIC 16.70   0.60 3.73%   RNSPIN 17.70   0.20 1.14%   RSRMSTEEL 46.20   1.90 4.29%   RUPALIBANK 25.90   0.50 1.97%   RUPALIINS 17.20   0.10 0.58%   RUPALILIFE 36.30   0.40 1.11%   SAFKOSPINN 11.50   0.10 0.88%   SAIHAMCOT 14.80   0.20 1.37%   SAIHAMTEX 13.70   -0.20 -1.44%   SALAMCRST 27.30   0.60 2.25%   SALVOCHEM 13.50   0.90 7.14%   SAMATALETH 25.50   1.60 6.69%   SAMORITA 62.30   0.70 1.14%   SANDHANINS 29.20   0.10 0.34%   SAPORTL 39.30   0.20 0.51%   SEBL1STMF 11.80   0.20 1.72%   SEMLLECMF 9.30   -0.20 -2.11%   SHAHJABANK 13.70   0.10 0.74%   SHASHADNIM 63.00   3.60 6.06%   SHURWID 8.50   0.20 2.41%   SHYAMPSUG 11.20   -0.20 -1.75%   SIBL   0.30   SIMTEX 20.30   0.20 1.00%   SINGERBD 182.00   -2.00 -1.09%   SINOBANGLA 23.40   1.00 4.46%   SONALIANSH 192.50   -2.10 -1.08%   SONARBAINS 15.30   0.70 4.79%   SONARGAON 8.80   0.10 1.15%   SOUTHEASTB 17.00   0.00 0.00%   SPCERAMICS 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   SPCL   2.20   SQUARETEXT 65.30   0.00 0.00%   SQURPHARMA 247.70   -0.40 -0.16%   STANCERAM 52.10   -0.10 -0.19%   STANDARINS 18.00   -0.40 -2.17%   STANDBANKL 10.10   0.00 0.00%   STYLECRAFT 1608.10   -57.80 -3.47%   SUMITPOWER 34.00   0.30 0.89%   SUNLIFEINS 17.70   0.00 0.00%   TAKAFULINS 18.20   0.40 2.25%   TALLUSPIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   TITASGAS 47.40   0.30 0.64%   TOSRIFA 18.10   -0.90 -4.74%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.10   0.00 0.00%   TUNGHAI 10.60   -0.30 -2.75%   UCB   0.50   UNIONCAP 12.60   -0.10 -0.79%   UNIQUEHRL 38.80   -0.70 -1.77%   UNITEDAIR 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   UNITEDFIN 20.20   -0.20 -0.98%   UNITEDINS 24.50   -0.30 -1.21%   UPGDCL 142.30   0.30 0.21%   USMANIAGL 91.80   -0.40 -0.43%   UTTARABANK 23.70   0.20 0.85%   UTTARAFIN 58.30   -0.60 -1.02%   WATACHEM 157.00   5.60 3.70%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   -0.10 -0.40%   YPL   0.90   ZAHEENSPIN 15.20   0.00 0.00%   ZAHINTEX 15.40   0.10 0.65%   ZEALBANGLA 16.40   -0.10 -0.61%   Latest News Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months Pollution kills 12.6m a year across world Businesses demand VAT threshold up at Tk 5.0m Gulshan fire: Another dies Retailers want extension of Accord, Alliance tenure Ctg Port progress paces up, says minister Govt renews rental power tenures, doubles tariffs Formation of skill development authority in limbo over tussle Bangladesh Bank halts awards India defence minister to visit Dhaka Absence of women leadership in TUs leads to deprivation of rights : Speakers TIME - 02:12 am National Gulshan fire: Another dies Economy Tofail flogs Pakistan for 'absurd' claim World Pollution kills 12.6m a year across world Stock Stocks edge up for second day Turn decisions into action: Hasina TOP NEWS Kofi Annan concerns over Rohingya killing 12.6m pollution deaths a year: WHO Two to walk gallows for 2013 murder BNP leader held over B’baria attack 9 kg gold found inside Biman flight PM for fund to achieve water SDGs Messi gets Argentina back on track MHSM recommends 5pc cash div Oil prices drop after industry report   Seminar on 'Overseas Investment by BD Entrepreneurs' Thursday Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months November 17, 2016, 12:45 am Loads of classified loans in the country's banking sector have leapt by nearly 28 per cent or Tk 143.60 billion in the first nine months of the current calendar year, belying close monitoring by the central bank. The volume of non-performing Read more Businesses demand VAT threshold up at Tk 5.0m November 17, 2016, 12:42 am Businesses demand raising the value-added tax (VAT) threshold for small traders to a turnover of Tk 5.0 million from Tk 3.0 million as a trade-off in withdrawing the package-VAT system. Former FBCCI vice-president and president of Dhaka Mohanagar Dokan Malik Samity Read more Economy Philippine remittances rise 6.3pc Philippine remittances from overseas Filipinos rose by 6.3 per cent year-on-year to 2.6 billion US dollars in September, the local central bank said Tuesday. From January to September, personal remittances reached UK inflation slips to 0.9pc in Oct November 16, 2016, 10:44 am Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT November 16, 2016, 12:17 am Dutch economy grows for 10th consecutive quarter November 15, 2016, 9:12 pm Frequent power outages hurting industrial output, says MCCI November 14, 2016, 11:48 pm Bogra growers eyeing Tk 20,000 profit from per bigha production November 14, 2016, 8:46 pm Finance Call to increase budget allocation for child-related initiatives The United Nations children's agency has urged the Bangladeshi government to increase the proportion of national budget allocation for child-related initiatives from 14 per cent in 2016 to 20 per cent by 2020. The call was made at the launch of MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Canada not worried over US competition for infrastructure funds BB hopes to recover $30m more of heist money Editorial Meeting objectives of insurance sector development project That the World Bank has agreed to make available a Meeting objectives of insurance sector development project That the World Bank has agreed to make available a Op-Ed How effective is pictorial warning on tobacco packets? There were mixed results as global tobacco control parties met How effective is pictorial warning on tobacco packets? There were mixed results as global tobacco control parties met Remembering Maulana Bhashani Today is the 40th death anniversary of Maulana Abdul Hamid Remembering Maulana Bhashani Today is the 40th death anniversary of Maulana Abdul Hamid Private equity in Bangladesh: A road yet not traversed Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission (BSEC) passed the “Bangladesh Securities Private equity in Bangladesh: A road yet not traversed Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission (BSEC) passed the “Bangladesh Securities Stock Shasha Denims tops DSE transaction chart Shasha Denims Limited dominated the transaction chart of Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) on Wednesday while Bangladesh Building Systems (BBS) was Large-cap stocks get buyers’ preference US envoy visits NBR New Zealand shares gains ASX edge up on oil price rise China stocks dip HK stocks rise on OPEC deal hopes City Bank to issue Tk 5.0 billion bond SE Asia stocks rose on overnight oil rally  National Ctg Port progress paces up, says minister CHITTAGONG, Nov 16: Chittagong Port has made remarkable gains over the last few years despite allegations from a quarter that the port is held hostage by a handful of mafia. Shipping Minister M Shajahan Khan said this at the opening of the newly built Trainee Hostel Building of the National Maritime Institute (NMI) and passing out parade of the 16th batch Govt renews rental power tenures, doubles tariffs Formation of skill development authority in limbo over tussle Absence of women leadership in TUs leads to deprivation of rights : Speakers AL infighting kills man in M'singh Writ challenges legality of police firing on Santals Internet freedom 'declines' in Bangladesh Bodi gets HC bail ‘Evicted Santals to get home under Ashrayan project’ Trade and Market Retailers want extension of Accord, Alliance tenure A top global apparel retailer, representing the Accord, Wednesday favoured extending the tenure of the EU-based retailers' platform by three more years but local garment manufacturers and exporters opposed the proposal and tabled a new idea of forming a single platform. Leaders of the country's apparel sector at a meeting with the top executives of the global retailer, H&M, instead proposed Institutional reforms key to export diversification BD to boost export to NZ using DF facility: Tofail Govt plans to assess people's views on budgetary allocations Fast-track centre for two city tax zones Robi starts operation afresh after merger with Airtel Emirates Skywards partners with The Wall Street Journal Ford starts moving small car plant to Mexico Gold prices rise on weaker dollar World Trump may pick either Giuliani or Gingrich as secretary of states US President-elect Donald Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence met on Tuesday in New York to discuss key appointments in US senator Boxer pushes to abolish electoral college Merkel to run for fourth term next year Pakistan to witness military drills on India border Sci-tech Snapchat files to list on US stock market Snap, the parent company of messaging app Snapchat, has filed to list on the US stock market, according to several WhatsApp adds encrypted video chat Google to open HQ in London Dry weather likely Education AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children "This may sound weird but 3 out of 5 underprivileged kids here in Bangladesh are devoid of healthcare facilities. The SSC, equivalent exams begin Feb 2 Green is the new orange A young physician leader from Bangladesh in World Health Summit 2016 Sports Hockey team leave for Hong Kong Bangladesh hockey team were due to leave for Hong Kong Wednesday evening to take part in the eight-nation fifth Men's AHF Cup, scheduled to be held from November 19-27 in Hong Kong, reports BSS. Bangladesh have been pitted in group A along with Chinese Taipei, Macaw, and host Hong Kong, while the group B consist of Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Uzbekistan. Before departure for Hong Kong, national hockey team's new German coach Oliver Kurtz and skipper Russel Mahmud Jimmy expressed their ... Navy emerge champions in Inter-Services Basketball Jesus stars for relentless Brazil Muktijoddha share points with Brothers Health Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes Novo Nordisk, the world’s largest insulin maker, celebrated “World Diabetes Day 2016” on Monday to aware people on healthy lifestyle World Diabetes Day being observed DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Entertainment Nation celebrates Nabanna The nation celebrated Nabanna (new harvest) through various programmes on Tuesday. Nabanna Utsab or new harvest festival is marked in Bangladesh International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Politics Applications for NCC polls monitoring by today The organisations intending to observe the Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) election, slated for December 22, will have to submit their applications to the Election Commission (EC) by today (Thursday), reports UNB. The organisations will have to submit their applications addressing the EC Secretary, said Assistant Director (PR) of the EC Secretariat Ashadul Haque. As per the Election Observation Guidelines 2010, any interested observer organisation will have to apply to the EC within three days of the announcement of the election schedule, he ... No party feud behind attacks on Hindus: Kamal Hasina shocked at SM Yusuf's death Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK Country Steep fall in mkt prices of tomato disheartens Godagari cultivators RAJSHAHI, Nov 16: Tomato cultivators of the district are disappointed over the present market price of their crop. Sources said about Bitter gourd fetching good profits for marginal growers in Bogra 941 more pumps to ensure irrigation in winter Speakers underscore need for ensuring nutrition for people PHOTO GALLERY Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army General Rajendra Chhetri called on President Abdul Hamid at Bangabhaban on Wednesday. - PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina delivers her speech at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP-22) at Bab Ighli in the Moroccan city of Marrakech. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina received a red carpet reception as she arrived in Morocco on November 14, 2016 on a three-day visit to attend the 22nd Conference of the Parties (COP-22) of UNFCCC. Rachid Belmokhtar Benabdellah, Moroccan education minister, welcomed her at the airport. - PID Students of Jagannath Hall of the University of Dhaka blocked the Shahbagh intersection on Tuesday to press home their demand of immediate removal of Minister Sayedul Hoque for his ‘derogatory remarks’ about Hindus following the attacks. – FE Photo Supermoon appeared all over the world on Monday night. It is the coincidence of a full moon or a New moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. Supermoon is 14pc bigger and 30pc brighter than usual. This picture was taken from Dhaka’s Topkhana Road area. – FE Photo more news Formation of skill development authority in limbo over tussle November 17, 2016, 12:36 am Bangladesh Bank halts awards November 17, 2016, 12:34 am Absence of women leadership in TUs leads to deprivation of rights : Speakers November 17, 2016, 12:31 am AL infighting kills man in M'singh November 17, 2016, 12:30 am All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 131 ISSUES DECLINED 97 Most popular Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months November 17, 2016, 12:45 am Absence of women leadership in TUs leads to deprivation of rights : Speakers November 17, 2016, 12:31 am BSF team in Sylhet to talk prevention of fake notes November 17, 2016, 12:31 am Businesses demand VAT threshold up at Tk 5.0m November 17, 2016, 12:42 am Retailers want extension of Accord, Alliance tenure November 17, 2016, 12:40 am Ctg Port progress paces up, says minister November 17, 2016, 12:39 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DSSL 9.40 10.30 10.30 10.30 9.58 REGENTTEX 12.20 13.20 12.20 13.10 7.38 QSMDRYCELL 91.90 99.40 92.10 98.60 7.29 SALVOCHEM 12.60 13.50 12.70 13.40 6.35 CENTRALINS 15.80 17.00 15.90 16.80 6.33 ORIONPHARM 38.50 41.40 38.90 40.90 6.23 SHASHADNIM 59.40 63.80 59.00 63.00 6.06 EASTRNLUB 883.40 949.00 878.00 936.60 6.02 DHAKAINS 18.90 20.20 18.30 20.00 5.82 GHAIL 34.60 36.90 34.50 36.40 5.20 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation DHAKAINS 18.30 20.20 18.30 20.00 9.29 REGENTTEX 12.20 13.20 12.20 13.20 8.20 QSMDRYCELL 92.10 99.40 92.10 98.60 7.06 SALVOCHEM 12.70 13.50 12.70 13.50 6.30 CENTRALINS 16.00 17.00 15.90 17.00 6.25 SHASHADNIM 59.40 63.80 59.00 63.00 6.06 NAVANACNG 55.00 58.10 53.70 57.80 5.09 ATCSLGF 10.00 10.50 10.00 10.50 5.00 WATACHEM 149.60 157.00 149.50 157.00 4.95 ORIONPHARM 39.00 41.40 38.90 40.90 4.87 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG MHSML 16.10 15.20 13.40 14.80 -8.08 FUWANGCER 14.50 13.60 13.30 13.40 -7.59 BDAUTOCA 67.10 65.10 60.40 62.10 -7.45 KAY&QUE 30.70 30.00 28.40 28.50 -7.17 DULAMIACOT 7.50 7.00 6.90 7.00 -6.67 TOSRIFA 19.00 19.00 17.50 17.80 -6.32 MITHUNKNIT 66.50 66.50 61.60 62.40 -6.17 MODERNDYE 200.10 201.50 187.50 187.90 -6.10 POWERGRID 58.40 58.50 54.90 55.20 -5.48 LIBRAINFU 512.30 515.00 482.50 488.00 -4.74 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation IMAMBUTTON 11.30 11.30 10.30 10.40 -7.97 MITHUNKNIT 66.50 66.50 61.60 61.70 -7.22 MODERNDYE 201.50 201.50 187.50 187.70 -6.85 POWERGRID 58.50 58.50 54.90 55.10 -5.81 DESHBANDHU 8.90 9.00 8.40 8.40 -5.62 STYLECRAFT 1700.00 1737.00 1606.40 1608.10 -5.41 BDAUTOCA 65.10 65.10 60.40 61.60 -5.38 RDFOOD 16.90 17.20 16.00 16.00 -5.33 KAY&QUE 30.00 30.00 28.40 28.50 -5.00 NTC 634.90 635.00 595.00 604.00 -4.87 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now Automotive When bias in product design means life or death LeEco secures $600M in fresh funding as financial issues reportedly halt electric car project Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech Browse more... Google Google Docs, Sheets, Slides and Forms now let you create custom templates Kaspersky eyes launching a real-time back-up service for social media leavers Google signs on to the .NET Foundation as Samsung brings .NET support to Tizen Browse more... AV Hide those unsightly set-top boxes for $999 Sony is adding three ES receivers to its 2008 line-up Sony Announces Three Premium Receivers Browse more... autonomous vehicles Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech Oryx nano antennas allow autonomous cars to see farther, better Why the Department of Transportation’s self-driving car guidelines aren’t enough Browse more... Google Self-Driving Car Google’s Self-Driving Car Project has a new legal lead Let it beep: Google’s self-driving cars may now honk, hum, and ‘pip’ Google’s Self-Driving Car Gets Into A Minor Accident While The AI Was Driving Browse more... A Google self-driving car was involved in crash in Mt. View today Posted Sep 23, 2016 by Lora Kolodny (@lorakolodny) 0 SHARES Next Story Home furnishings retailer Dot & Bo closes down A Google self-driving Lexus RX 450h was involved in a crash with a van in Mountain View, Calif. on Friday afternoon, according to local police. Another driver ran a red light and crashed into the car. Thankfully, nobody was injured in the accident. Google issued the following statement with details about the crash: “A Google vehicle was traveling northbound on Phyllis Ave. in Mountain View when a car heading westbound on El Camino Real ran a red light and collided with the right side of our vehicle. Our light was green for at least six seconds before our car entered the intersection. Thousands of crashes happen everyday on U.S. roads, and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the U.S. Human error plays a role in 94% of these crashes, which is why we’re developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer.” Two local TV stations, KRON and KPIX, reported that the Google autonomous vehicle had been “in control,” or in its self-driving mode at the time of the crash. However, the self-driving car was reportedly manned by a Google employee who took over its operation, and applied the brakes when the other car’s driver began crossing an intersection, apparently running a red light and colliding with Google’s vehicle. The crash comes just after the U.S. Department of Transportation made some major autonomous vehicle policy announcements earlier this week, as TechCrunch then reported. Among other things, the DOT called on self-driving auto makers and related technology firms to prioritize safety, and share data with the government and each other within reason. Google issues reports voluntarily every month reflecting data on the number of miles their autonomous vehicles have traveled, how many cars they have on the road, and details about any accidents in which they were involved. Generally, DOT officials say they want to ensure the U.S. can be a leader rather than a laggard in autonomous vehicles, while protecting the traveling public.   Updates: This post has been updated with Google’s official statement about the accident. Earlier, the post’s headline was edited to emphasize that a human driver ran a red light and collided with Google’s self-driving vehicle.  Featured Image: Steve Jurvetson, retouched image by Mariordo/Wikimedia Commons UNDER A CCA2 - Generic LICENSE 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Facebook's Fake News Problem | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes AV Google autonomous vehicles Google Self-Driving Car Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Microsoft announces the next version SQL Server for Windows and Linux 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois Google signs on to the .NET Foundation as Samsung brings .NET support to Tizen 4 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 20 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From TechCrunch The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer’s internet 4 minutes ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Metallica is back on Napster, so maybe we can all get along after all 2 hours ago | Brian Heater Toms releases new Apple Watch bands with official steel lugs and buckles 2 hours ago | Romain Dillet Truffle helps you share food tips with friends 2 hours ago | Anthony Ha Comment moderation powered by Up Next Home furnishings retailer Dot & Bo closes down Posted Sep 23, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Google signs on to the .NET Foundation as Samsung brings .NET support to Tizen 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Microsoft announces the next version SQL Server for Windows and Linux 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 20 hours ago by Josh Constine Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 21 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Microsoft officially launches the first preview of Visual Studio for Mac 4 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Google Docs, Sheets, Slides and Forms now let you create custom templates 3 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois When bias in product design means life or death 2 hours ago by Carol E. Reiley Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 16, 3:10 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Home Expected To Sell For $129; 4K Chromecast Ultra Will Be Available For $69 By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 09/24/16 AT 1:58 AM Close Rumors have already outed that Google’s new Pixel smartphone will sell for around $650. Now, a couple of sources have indicated that the company’s Google Home device will sell for $129, while the new 4k-capable Chromecast Ultra will be available for $69. Google Home was first announced back in May during Google’s I/O conference. The device is intended to be the company’s answer to Amazon’s Echo speaker system. Home will function very much the same way as Echo. The device will be voice-activated and will be able to stream music, answer questions and manage tasks. The main difference here is that the new device will be running Google Assistant instead of Amazon’s Alexa, according to Android Police. If the $129 price tag given by the source is accurate, it would place Google Home at a very competitive price. It would be $40 cheaper than the Amazon Echo, while matching the price of the Amazon Tap. The only problem with the pricing is that it would be tough competing with the cheaper $50 Amazon Echo Dot, as pointed out by 9To5Google. The price point would also match that of Google Wifi, a new router that’s also expected to be announced alongside the Pixel smartphones, Home and the new Chromecast. Related Stories Google Pixel Phones Won't Be Waterproof Google May Unveil Pixel Phones On Oct. 4 As for the Chromecast Ultra, sources said that it will retail for $69. If true, it will be twice as expensive as the 2015 Chromecast. That may be an annoyance for some, considering that Chromecasts are supposed to be crazy cheap, but the new Ultra model will be bringing 4K resolution streaming which justifies the higher price. A source also claimed that the new Chromecast Ultra will also have HDR support. Although there’s no confirmation yet, the 2015 Chromecast will most likely continue to be on sale once Chromecast Ultra is available to buy. This would give consumers a more affordable option. Also, 4K/HDR TVs are still not that ubiquitous and that is the reason why it wouldn’t make sense for Google to stop selling the 2015 version of the device. As of this writing, there's no information yet on what the new Chromecast Ultra will look like. Google is expected to announce the pricing for Google Home and Chromecast Ultra during its upcoming Oct. 4 event. The event will also see the official unveiling of the company’s new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Report Likens Tax Havens To Disease That Must Be Quarantined The report on the Panama Papers was written by Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and Swiss anti-corruption expert Mark Pieth. Technology Top 10 Holiday Tech Gifts 2016: The Ultimate Geeky Guide Are you shopping for the perfect gift for the tech-obsessed lover in your life? We’ve rounded up the top 10 best tech gifts that will guarantee the perfect holiday for hardcore gamers and the tech-obsessed. World Yemen Sinks Deeper Into Civil War The Yemeni Civil War is often misunderstood and under-reported despite its grim statistics. National New Salamanders Discovered Three new species of salamanders were announced Tuesday by scientists. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Science Sexuality Test your 'Lingo' SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News SBS World News Dateline Insight Living Black The Feed NITV News Census Explorer Power of 1 Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Latest News US Election Featured Topics First Day Stories Paris 2015 Syria Conflict Europe's Refugee Crisis True Stories Podcast Comment & Analysis Video Galleries Audio National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America Business Sport Odd 24 Sep 2016 - 6:10pm Tech firms talking about sale of Twitter Twitter Inc has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself. (AAP) Previous Next Show Grid Previous Next Hide Grid Image 1/ Video Audio Salesforce and Google are reported to be in talks with Twitter to buy the popular but loss-making social media company. Source: AAP 24 Sep 2016 - 6:10 PM  UPDATED 24 Sep 2016 - 6:10 PM Tweet Twitter Inc has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter says, signalling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumours for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company's business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday Twitter was in talks with companies including Google and might receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters Salesforce.com was also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google's parent company, did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on mergers and acquisitions rumours but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 per cent to $US22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $US16 billion ($A21 billion). Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it had not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $US22 per share. Twitter was working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com's interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new "Einstein" artificial intelligence platform provided a peek at how Twitter could fit into the company's strategy . Salesforce executives said they licensed the Twitter "firehose" of all tweets that came through the platform, and used it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that showed how companies and brands were being discussed and perceived. Salesforce chief executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce's chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: "Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others." Later, Afshar added: "I have tweeted my personal views regarding 'Why Twitter?' numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter." Advertisement Advertisement Trending SBS VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Album of the Year VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Hottest MV VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Best Boy Band VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Greatest Girl Group VOTE for SBS PopAsia Award 2016: Solo Star Trending News US mayor quits after Michelle Obama ‘ape in heels’ comment: reports Obama and Biden memes light up the internet Dutton cuts stay of 457 visa holders Reports of hate crimes surge in post election America Riots in Greece as Obama tries to calm leaders In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 789K Follow Twitter 262.3K Watch YouTube 8K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Apps  |  News  | Tips and Tricks Of Using Google Allo Tips and Tricks Of Using Google Allo By: Sneha Saha Updated: Tuesday, October 4, 2016, 15:44 [IST] With a few hours of its release on Google play store for Android and App store for iPhone users, Allo has gained popularity and is being compared to our favorite messaging app WhatsApp. SEE AlSO: 10 Cool Things You Should Know About Google Allo Though Google Allo is being compared to decade old chat apps including the most favorite ones like WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Kik, or others, Allo has a lot more inbuilt features. You can not just chat, but can search for nearby food joints serving your favorite food, send videos, check emails via the app. These can be done through Google Assistant. SEE ALSO: 6 Ways You Can Use the Assistant More Efficiently than WhatsApp Here's a list of features that you should not miss and must know about Google Allo. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Block Someone On Allo To block an annoying person on Allo is quite simple, and can simply be done in either regular or incognito mode.  The user, whether on iOS or Android just needs to hold on to the conversation, and click on the required option from delete chat, mute, or block in the drop down list.   Chatting with friends Enter the message in the text box, and tap on the message bubble, select the contact you want to send the text and click on send option.  To send a message to a person who has not yet installed Google Allo, both iOS and Android users have to request them to join Allo by clicking on the invite option beside their contact name.    Calling Google Assistant inside a conversation Allo users can call Google Assistant just by typing @Google. Doing so, the user can make requests to know about the nearby restaurants, movie timings, emails and so much more.  However, please note that the Assistant will show the results on the basis of the user's requests, inside the conversation with a friend.   Start Incognito Chat With Allo, you can have a regular as well as an incognito chats. Incognito chats are end-to-end encrypted and are never saved on Google's servers.  Google Allo's Smart replies Allo's Assistant-based smart replies capability is the catch about the app and differentiates it from the other messaging apps. This feature provides the users with suggested responses to the last message in the conversation.  So, a user can simply tap one of the suggested responses and send it, without the hassle of typing it.    Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple Iphone 7 32gb 57,899 Samsung Galaxy A7 2016 Edition White 24,900 Gallery   |   11 Photos Apple iPhone 7 +See All Read More About google | Allo | how to | tips and tricks | news Story first published: Saturday, September 24, 2016, 10:32 [IST] Other articles published on Sep 24, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Have No Cash? This is How FreeCharge Aims to Promote Cashless Payments WhatsApp Video Calling is Optimized to Support Connectivity Issues in India  Vivo V5 First Impressions: A Capable 20MP Front Camera and Nifty Tricks in its Pocket Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK YMS Mobitech Teams Up With Xiaomi India for Offline Distribution LatestOne.com Launches PTron Andro, AndroX Bluetooth Game Pads Alcatel MoveTime Smartwatch for Kids with Water Resistance Launched Here's How to Locate Anything in Seconds Using your iPhone or Android Reliance Digital LYF Wind 7i Launched for Rs. 4,999 Google PhotoScan App Lets You Digitize Your Old Memories Using Your Sm HTC 10 to Taste the Sweetness of Android 7.0 Nougat by End of November TomTom Touch, Adventurer and Spark 3 Fitness Trackers launched Beware! WhatsApp Lucky Wheel, Video Calls Invitation are Scams Reliance Jio Newspaper, Health Store, and More Coming Soon Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Videocon Delite 21 Vivo V5 Plus Vivo V5 ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLIntex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusZTE Nubia Z11 MiniInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FP Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Technology Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Movies, TV & Books Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Calle Houston Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Special Sections Adrift: NASA's future in human spaceflight The Astrodome Turns 50 Chronicle 100 Cold cases Dead Man Waiting The Divide DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Miracle Cells: Cancer care's new frontier Texas City Disaster Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Twitter is said to be discussing a possible takeover By Marissa Lang and Wendy Lee, SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE September 23, 2016 Photo: Richard Drew, STF The Twitter symbol appears above a trading post this summer on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. ﻿ The Twitter symbol appears above a trading post this summer on the... SAN FRANCISCO - Twitter shares soared Friday after reports that the social media company had begun sale negotiations with several technology companies and may receive a formal offer by year's end. To continue reading this story, you will need to be a digital subscriber to HoustonChronicle.com. Get your All Digital Pass to Houston insider news and analysis SUBSCRIBE US & World State board members grill publisher of Mexican-American studies Houston HFD: Cause of massive Spring Branch warehouse fire undetermined Business In matters of energy security, gas could be the new oil Jenny Dial Creech Pointed question: Who's the best: Harden, Westbrook or Lillard? Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2013 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
null
null

× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: journalstar.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $13.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Sections News Local News Crime and Courts Nebraska Government and Politics Legislature Business National Records Sports Husker Extra Life in the Red High School Stars Saltdogs Outdoors Star City Sports National sports news Obituaries Photos Mugshots Opinion Entertainment Dining Games & Puzzles Movies Music Performing Arts Calendar TV Listings Lifestyles Food and Cooking Home and Garden Faith and Values Star City Health Celebrate Nebraska! Puzzles L Magazine Neighborhood Extra Weather Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition Buy and Sell Buy & Sell Business Directory Today's Print Ads Today's Deal Coupons Weekly Ads Autos Homes Jobs Contacts Search Toggle navigation Menu Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 64° Lincoln, NE (68508) Today Sunny. Record high temperatures expected. High 77F. Winds S at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight A few passing clouds, otherwise generally clear. Low 49F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: November 16, 2016 @ 10:54 am Full Forecast News Huskers Obituaries Mugshots Buy & Sell Close 1 of 4 Buy Now KRISTIN STREFF, Journal Star Spreetail chief executive officer Brett Thome (top) talks with marketing manager Khushbaht Abdulloev last week in their new office space at Nebraska Innovation Campus. Buy Now KRISTIN STREFF, Journal Star Among design elements at Spreetail's new office space at Nebraska Innovation Campus are walls made out of shipping containers. Buy Now KRISTIN STREFF, Journal Star The entrance to the Spreetail office at Nebraska Innovation Campus offers a hint at what the e-commerce company does. It features an enclosure made from a shipping container and wood from pallets. Buy Now KRISTIN STREFF, Journal Star Spreetail employees work in their new office space last week at Nebraska Innovation Campus. featured Spreetail keeping head down in rapidly changing e-commerce world MATT OLBERDING Lincoln Journal Star Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star Sep 23, 2016 (…) Buy Now KRISTIN STREFF, Journal Star Spreetail chief executive officer Brett Thome (top) talks with marketing manager Khushbaht Abdulloev last week in their new office space at Nebraska Innovation Campus. Buy Now KRISTIN STREFF, Journal Star Among design elements at Spreetail's new office space at Nebraska Innovation Campus are walls made out of shipping containers. Buy Now KRISTIN STREFF, Journal Star The entrance to the Spreetail office at Nebraska Innovation Campus offers a hint at what the e-commerce company does. It features an enclosure made from a shipping container and wood from pallets. Buy Now KRISTIN STREFF, Journal Star Spreetail employees work in their new office space last week at Nebraska Innovation Campus. Brett Thome compares Spreetail, the company he runs, to a duck. It looks calm on the surface, but below, things are going 100 miles an hour. These days, a comparison to a small fish might be more apt. And that fish is swimming in a sea of sharks. Spreetail is the Lincoln e-commerce company that burst on the scene last fall, announcing its presence with a name change and a move to Nebraska Innovation Campus. Since then, it has stayed the course, continuing to grow in its new space -- now up to 100 employees there and nearly 160 companywide, according to Thome, the CEO. The company earlier this summer opened a new distribution center in a suburb of Indianapolis, improving its geographic coverage, and Thome said it is looking to open another one in Georgia in the next two years and one in Texas after that. Last fall, Spreetail said it was working toward the goal of $1 billion in revenue and 800 employees by 2022, and Thome said that is still a goal the company sees as achievable. The e-commerce market is so big and is growing so fast that, "if we get one-tenth of 1 percent in 2022, that's $1 billion," he said. "That's a slice of a slice of the pie." The key is getting there intact in an industry that is changing and consolidating rapidly. Last fall, Spreetail had a similar-sized competitor just 50 miles up the road in Omaha in Hayneedle. But Hayneedle was acquired by Jet.com in February for $90 million, and then Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com less than six months later for $3.3 billion. In addition to consolidation in the space, more and more large competitors are ramping up their use of e-commerce. In Lincoln alone in the past year, Hy-Vee started grocery delivery and Google expanded its Google Express online delivery and service to Lincoln and all of Nebraska. Google, Wal-Mart and others are all chasing online sales king Amazon, which had $79.3 billion in e-commerce sales last year, six times as much as Wal-Mart, the second-largest company. By comparison, Spreetail had about $140 million in sales last year and is hoping to hit $200 million next year, as it keeps its focus mostly on selling home and garden items. Even for pure e-commerce companies, meaning ones that sell exclusively online, that's tiny. According to the website eMarketer, Wayfair.com had $1.9 billion in sales last year and Overstock.com did $1.65 billion. Before it was acquired, Hayneedle was doing more than $400 million a year. The numbers game would seem to make Spreetail a prime target for acquisition, and Thome said the company does get what he termed as "feelers" from time to time. But he said Spreetail has no interest in being acquired. Being privately held makes it much easier to ignore buyout offers because there are not outside investors clamoring for an "exit" so they can get a big return on their money. Thome said Spreetail wants to keep it that way and tries to be as frugal as possible to ensure it has enough money to both fund operations and invest in the future without the need for outside capital. It did splurge a bit on the Innovation Campus space, though. Spreetail's previous offices were in a building near the Lincoln Airport that used to house a garden hose manufacturer. Though there were a few high-tech touches, it looked like any other office space. The Innovation Campus offices, on the other hand, look like something that might be featured in Architectural Digest. The space, on the second floor of the Innovation Commons building, is very open, with polished concrete floors and exposed ceilings. What walls there are -- to create conference rooms and meeting spaces -- are made from shipping containers, a nod to Spreetail's business. There also are design elements that incorporate wood from pallets that are used to store product in the company's distribution centers. Like many other high-tech offices at mostly millennial companies, Spreetail's office has a rec room with video games and beer taps. Thome said the company wanted to create a fun workplace but one that isn't too fun. "We don't want to be the place everyone wants to work," he said. "We want to be the place where 5 percent of the right kind of people want to work." Thome said the new office has helped with recruiting, not only with bringing in new hires and interns from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln but also with potential employees who visit from out of state. While it introduced the name Spreetail last year, the company still doesn't advertise itself that way, using that name mostly only for recruiting. Its website still operates as VM Innovations, its previous name. When Indiana officials put out a news release last month about the company opening a distribution center there, there was no mention of Spreetail. "The only place we're known as Spreetail is Lincoln," Thome said. That's by design. For one thing, the company wants to attract as little attention as possible from large competitors. "We want to stay off of lists and radars," Thome said. Another reason, though, is that the company wants to have all its ducks in a row before attempting to make a big splash. "What we do not want to do is go out and launch under the Spreetail name and not be able to deliver," Thome said. So it will continue to focus on growth, adding distribution centers, adding employees -- especially software developers -- and attempting to steer clear of any sharks -- or duck hunters. Thome said he is really optimistic for the future, despite all the competition and consolidation. "Do we think there's going to be 20 e-commerce companies, long term," he asked. No, he said, but there will be a handful, and Spreetail expects to be one of them. "At the end of the day, people are always going to want options," Thome said. Reach the writer at 402-473-2647 or molberding@journalstar.com. On Twitter @LincolnBizBuzz. More information Lincoln e-commerce firm opening Indiana distribution center A Lincoln-based e-commerce company has opened a new distribution center in Indiana. Spreetail ready for the world — or at least Lincoln — to know about it Woman finds a new life in Lincoln, with help from strangers Google bringing its Express delivery service to Lincoln Tags E-commerce Spreetail Innovation Campus Retail Brett Thome Company Wal-mart Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star Matt Olberding is a Lincoln native and University of Nebraska-Lincoln graduate who has been covering business for the Journal Star since 2005. Follow Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star Close Get email notifications on Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Matt Olberding | Lincoln Journal Star Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Latest news Tesla lays out plans for Lincoln charging station Lincoln groups get grants from First National Ricketts says Asia trade deal important TWC becomes Charter Spectrum in Lincoln Lincoln grain prices Tuesday Latest Business Achievements UNICO Group welcomes Dan Mickells Mickells Melanie Kirk joins Johnson Flodman Guenzel & Widger Johnson Flodman Guenzel & Widger (JFGW) law firm is pleased to announce that Melanie Kirk has joined the firm. Her practice will focus on the areas of family law, including dissolution, custody, domestic violence cases, and juvenile law. Kirk is an approved parenting act mediator, with a… Vision Exhibits takes home top honors Vision Exhibits takes home top honors A consistent winner of awards for their innovative designs and lead-generating trade show exhibit solutions, Vision Exhibits has added three more awards to their extensive list of professional achievements. Katie Ripa joins KidGlov Bob Rutan names NMA 2016 Lender of the Year Rutan Currents Election 2016 Live By the numbers: Marijuana, gun control, minimum wage hikes win at the polls Travel The best and worst airports to fly into on Thanksgiving Olympics LA, Paris or Budapest — who will host the 2024 Olympics? Today’s top pics: President Obama visits Greece and more Your daily 6: A rat in my dress, the Donald Trump of France and the word of the year Today's Birthdays, Nov. 16: Maggie Gyllenhaal Today In History, Nov. 16: Al Capone Titans QB Marcus Mariota named AFC offensive player of week Allergies aside, can you go wrong with gifting chocolate? Grizzlies forward Brandan Wright has surgery on left ankle From yogis to barre lovers, 10 gift ideas for gym rats 1:46 News Video: President Obama in Athens: Donald Trump and I 'couldn't be more different' 3:11 World News Video: Yemen war raises questions of Saudi war crimes 1:14 News Video: Demand for Donald Trump masks surges 1:15 News Video: Dozens of wildfires burning in Southeast Topics & Features Buy & Sell Today's Deal Mugshots Calendar Recycling Tools & Services Subscriber Services Advertise Lincoln Journal Star e-Edition RSS Alerts Contact us © Copyright 2016 The Lincoln Journal Star, 926 P Street Lincoln, NE | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
null
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Giveaway: Win an NVIDIA SHIELD multiplayer bundle – one SHIELD and four gamepads Amazon deals: Moto X (2nd gen), LG G5, ZenFone 2 and more! → First Chromecast Preview firmware removes all Chrome branding Sep 24 Posted by ishubhamsingh Not too long ago, Google began offering users the chance to test unfinished Chromecast firmware. The first preview firmware, version 1.21.72444, began rolling out to users recently. Google’s release notes for the update only states, “General bug fixes and stability improvements.” Thanks, Google. Thankfully, tipster Rafael sent us the screenshots above and below. They indicate that all references to the word ‘Chrome’ have been removed. The current public firmware shows the Chrome logo when the device starts up, which is now replaced by a Google logo. Read More First Chromecast Preview firmware removes all Chrome branding was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2d6NKuo via Blogger http://ift.tt/2dqW4aF Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on September 24, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Giveaway: Win an NVIDIA SHIELD multiplayer bundle – one SHIELD and four gamepads Amazon deals: Moto X (2nd gen), LG G5, ZenFone 2 and more! → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (609) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (723) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,106) Android Authority (3,130) Games (3,566) Phones (3,566) apps (3,567) tablets (3,569) android (9,386) Recent Posts Google Allo updated with Smart Smiley emoji suggestions and chat themes November 17, 2016 T-Mobile introduces “Magenta Friday” – Deals on phones and accessories November 17, 2016 T-Mobile announces Black (and magenta) Friday deals including free lines, a free Galaxy S7, and accessory sales November 17, 2016 Steam multiplayer favorite Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes comes to Daydream VR November 17, 2016 Deal: How to Build Habit-Forming Products (Up to 80% off) November 17, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,152 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology History & Facts Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology History & Facts Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Editorial Board Europe's Google News Tax Makes No Sense Old media, new rights. Photographer: John Macdougall/AFP/Getty Images Sep 23, 2016 2:25 AM EDT A "Digital Single Market," like a single currency, is one of those grand European ideas that sounds better than it works. Take, for example, the European Commission's clumsy attempt to use copyright law as a cudgel against U.S. interlopers such as Google and Facebook. One provision of a new bill proposed by the European Commission accords publishers the right to a license fee whenever a news aggregator such as Google News uses even a snippet of the publisher's content. Currently aggregators pay no such fee. Who would that license fee benefit? Not readers, certainly: It would only make the publishers' work harder to find. Not the aggregators, whose value proposition depends on offering its customers the widest possible array of information. Publishers seem to think they will be the main beneficiaries -- they lobbied heavily for the right to charge a fee -- but it's not at all clear they will be. When German publishers tried to force aggregators to pay license fees in 2014, applying legislation that came into effect the year before, Google News refused and stopped carrying snippets of German articles. Publishing giant Axel-Springer found that traffic from Google News plummeted by 80 percent during the two-week cut-off. Publishers relented and waived the fee. Spain tried a similar approach in 2015, with predictable results. News aggregators are disrupters of course, but they are also saviors: They can grow (and globalize) a small local audience. Certainly publishers have to find new ways to adapt and make a profit. Seeking protection under the guise of copyright law is not the way to do it. The commission's copyright proposal, which updates a law that predates smartphones, is not completely without virtues. It would allow for cultural heritage institutions to distribute works no longer available to the public, for example, and would clarify the legal uncertainty around the use of copyrighted materials by teachers and researchers. But making these exceptions is very different from creating new rights. In general, the commission needs to take a lighter touch. It's now up to the European Parliament and member governments, as they review the proposal, to make sure it does. To contact the senior editor responsible for Bloomberg View’s editorials: David Shipley at davidshipley@bloomberg.net. Comments ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Snapchat Spectacles are rebranded Snap Inc.’s wearable camera Chris Davies - Sep 23, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Snapchat has revealed its first hardware product, the Snapchat Spectacles, taking a more playful (and affordable) approach to wearable video capture than Google Glass. Resembling at first glance a set of regular, rounded sunglasses, albeit with oversized hinges, the eyewear includes a wide-angle camera on one side. That camera is outfitted with a 110-degree lens for a wide field of view. Triggered by a button on the arm, Snapchat Spectacles record ten seconds of video, which can then be transferred wirelessly to your smartphone. Unlike Google’s ill-fated Glass, which offered not only video recording of any length, photography, and notifications beamed to a small, transparent display that hovered in the wearer’s field of view, Spectacles are far more singular and basic in their intent. The only flexibility, for instance, will be in the color of the plastic frames: Snap Inc., the renamed Snapchat company, will offer coral, teal, and black finishes. There will be no way to review footage on the glasses themselves, and it’s unclear at this stage how much internal storage will be offered, how many of the 10-second clips can be kept at any one time, and how long the Spectacles’ battery might last. What we do know is that the camera’s wide-angle lens is designed to mimic the perspective of the human eye. That means, Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel told the WSJ, not only a broader view than you’d get on a typical smartphone camera – the iPhone 7’s camera, for instance, offers around 74-degrees – but curved like the view from our eyeballs. A leaked video earlier today, spotted by Business Insider before it was pulled, also apparently confirms how Spectacles will tackle one of the issues that went on to puncture Google’s Glass ambitions for the general public: making it clear when they’re recording video. An illuminated ring around the wearable’s lens seemingly flashes to indicate capture is in progress. Initially, sales expectations are low, and indeed it sounds as though Snap Inc. may end up artificially limiting availability to control the roll-out. The Spectacles will cost $129.99, with Spiegel saying there will be “limited distribution” as the company ascertains how the wearable is used and where it fits into peoples’ lives. Although almost certain to draw comparisons with Google Glass, the reality of Spectacles is shaping up to be very different. Google’s smart glasses – and others that followed in their vein – were intended as wearable computers, a head-mounted display and sensor suite that, though wirelessly tethered to a smartphone, nonetheless had its own interface, apps, and breadth of purposes. In contrast, Snap Inc.’s take on the concept is singularly focused on one thing: freeing Snapchat the app from the confines of the smartphone. By shifting the camera – though not the app itself, or the sharing and social mechanisms that represents – to a hands-free position, Snapchat’s core intent of sharing ephemeral snippets of your daily existence, whether they be mundane or unusual, becomes arguably less contrived, without the phone in the way of that experience. It remains to be seen whether Snap Inc. can, though restraint, succeed where Google failed. Ironically, the public reticence to clandestine filming that in no small part torpedoed Glass’ success has subsequently evolved, to the point where it’s far less likely that people would be horrified about being filmed. Snapchat played no small part in driving that evolution, so perhaps it’s only fitting that the company now benefit from it. Snap Inc. has not said when Spectacles will go on sale. SOURCE WSJ; Business Insider Story Timeline Snapchat possibly making smart glasses, hiring hints Tags Glassessmart glassesSnapchatWearable Must Read Bits & Bytes Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review Latest Headlines The Mercedes-Maybach S 650 Cabriolet is kinda ridiculous Nov 16, 2016 Google Earth enters the world of VR with new Steam app Nov 16, 2016 America is finally ready for the 2018 Audi A5 and S5 Sportback Nov 16, 2016 Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions Nov 16, 2016 Nintendo gives escape rooms a Zelda twist in new US tour Nov 16, 2016 Latest Reviews Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Twitter starts talks to explore sale; Google, Salesforce potential suitors Twitter starts talks to explore sale; Google, Salesforce potential suitors September 24, 2016  | Arti Singh Tweet | 0 Comments Struggling microblogging platform Twitter Inc. seems to have inched closer to getting acquired. The San Francisco-based company has held preliminary talks with several technology companies, including Google and Salesforce, and could soon receive a formal buyout bid, international media reports said. CNBC quoted anonymous sources as saying that Twitter’s board of directors is “largely desirous of a deal”. However, there’s no sale timeline yet. The report said a transaction is not certain but “conversations are picking up momentum and could result in a deal before year-end”. The Financial Times reported that Twitter had been working for several weeks with Goldman Sachs to explore a sale of the company. The reports led to a 21% surge in Twitter shares on Friday to $22.62 apiece, taking the company’s valuation to nearly $16 billion from $13 billion. Before reports of the buyout talks emerged, Twitter’s shares had fallen by a third over the past year. Despite Friday’s jump, the shares are trading lower than the price at which it went public in November 2013. The company had set its offer price at $26 a share. Its shares listed at $45.10 and touched a high of $50.09 on the first day. While tech giant Google and business software services provider Salesforce are said to be the probable frontrunners, there are more suitors. Tech news portal TechCrunch reported that software giant Microsoft and Verizon Communications could also be in the race. Microsoft had recently snapped up professional networking site LinkedIn in a $26.2 billion deal while Verizon recently bought struggling technology company Yahoo Inc. for $4.8 billion. TechCrunch is the only one to report Verizon’s name as a potential Twitter bidder. The news site is owned by AOL, which in turn is controlled by Verizon. Salesforce’s interest Interestingly, Salesforce was also interested in buying LinkedIn. Twitter, Google and Salesforce have not commented on the matter. However, Salesforce’s chief digital envangelist, Vala Afshar, has hinted on the possibilities of the company being a serious contender for Twitter. After reports of the buyout talks, Afshar shared his personal views on Twitter itself. He tweeted: “Why Twitter? 1 personal learning network, 2 the best realtime, context rich news, 3 democratise intelligence, 4 great place to promote other.” Shares of Salesforce fell 5.6% on Friday, valuing the company around $48.5 billion. The fight between technology giants Microsoft, Google and Facebook is all about having a presence in social media and winning it. Facebook is an undisputed leader in the segment and is beefing up its position with acquisition of companies including Instagram and WhatsApp, and Microsoft just made its presence felt in the social world with the LinkedIn buy. Twitter’s buy is much more relevant for Google as it would give the search engine giant the much needed social network presence than its own Google+, which is struggling to become mainstream and a serious business for the company. Moreover, Google would also get access to the data–both user data and advertising data—that Twitter generates. No end to Twitter woes Twitter–known for its 140-character tweets–has been struggling to boost revenue growth and attract new users. In October last year, it laid off about 300 employees, or 8% of its workforce, in the US. Despite bringing back co-founder Jack Dorsey as chief executive and a shake-up of the product, a revival of Twitter looks like a far-fetched dream. For the second quarter through June, the company’s net loss narrowed to $107.2 million from $136.7 million a year earlier. Revenue rose about 20% to $602 million, but missed analysts’ estimate of $606.8 million. It was the slowest quarterly revenue growth since its much-hyped IPO three years ago. Twitter’s user base increased about 1% to 313 million average monthly active users in the April-June quarter from 310 million in the first quarter. In comparison, Google+ has about 300 million active users, Instagram 500 million, and Facebook 1.65 billion active users. Twitter’s dismal quarterly earnings report prompted market research firm eMarketer to reduce its estimate for the social media platform’s user growth this year from 8% to only 2%. “Twitter continues to struggle with growing its user base because new users often find the product unwieldy and difficult to navigate, which makes it challenging to find long-term value in being an active user,” said eMarketer forecasting analyst Oscar Orozco. “Also, new product initiatives have had little impact in attracting new users.” Bengaluru layoffs Last week, Twitter was in the news for shutting down its global engineering work at its Bengaluru development centre. It also laid off some employees, citing a business review process. The company said the decision affected less than 20 employees. In July, Twitter’s Asia chief Shailesh Rao quit the microblogging platform after a four-year stint. Rao’s was the second senior-level exit at Twitter that month after Stephen McIntyre, vice president of sales for Europe, Middle East and Africa business, who quit to join VC firm Frontline Ventures. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: acquisition, Google, Microblogging, Microsoft, SalesForce, Twitter Inc., Verizon Communications Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Times Internet hires former Twitter exec Rishi Jaitly as CEO of Times Global Partners Google launches app to turn old photos into digital images Twitter adds features to curb online abuse More in videos » Can Indian businesses carve a digital roadmap for themselves?   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS R Khandelwal on 2016-11-14 19:09:13 Interesting articles to read. Thanks!... Satender on 2016-11-14 13:32:31 Nice article! Kudos to these startups solving these issues in a sustainable mann... Dr.Anil Batta on 2016-11-13 07:22:02 All the best Mr.Punit Soni.My best wishes are always with you.... Kala on 2016-11-11 12:43:54 This is a decade old tech. Grow up...... Shanu soni on 2016-11-09 23:31:33 Congratulations beta ji God bless u great success whatever u desire... eBay fires product, tech team in India Snapdeal reorganises top management structure Exclusive: O2O startup Shopsity shuts down; founder joins Paytm Hiring portal iimjobs.com raises $2 mn in Series A funding Five Indian chatbots that are changing the game Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Twitter Mergers and Acquisitions What price for Twitter? A lot, which might be a big issue for many buyers. Could it fetch up to $30 billion, as some sources suggest? by Kara Swisher and Kurt Wagner Sep 23, 2016, 12:32pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Will he or won’t he? Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has some decisions to make. Asa Mathat How serious is this Twitter sales effort? According to sources we’ve spoken to, it’s more of a soft outreach and inbound than a formal one for both Twitter and any possible suitors, which is how most of these things start. As a fiduciary duty, the board of Twitter must consider the options and is doing so, although informally. And possible buyers also have to check in, largely because Twitter is one of the few interesting and impactful digital platforms around. It might be limping, but it’s not lame (see Yahoo for that). And its mass of data, advertising potential, mobile video opportunity and real-time news capabilities make it a must-look. Last week, Recode posted an extensive list of possible buyers of Twitter and the reasons pro and con, since the noise around the company’s possible sale has gotten so deafening. Our argument was that Twitter was clearly prepping for a possible sale, despite all their protestations to the contrary, because it has not been able to grow independently and its persistent tinkering with its product has not worked. Simply put, a slowing advertising base and stalled user growth means that serious sale options need to be considered. Today, the cacophony was upped dramatically when CNBC’s David Faber, who is the most expert of banker whisperers, reported that the sale discussions had indeed escalated with board buy-in and that Salesforce and Google were among the potential bidders. This board direction has been clear for a while, with co-founder Evan Williams even indicating that publicly recently that directors were considering all options. And both Google and Salesforce were on our list too, along with Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, big media (Disney, News Corp/Fox), big pipes (Comcast, Verizon) and private equity. Every one of the buyers had great — though different —reasons for doing so, even if there is a lot of hair on every single possible purchase. One company we left off was Snapchat, which is an intriguing concept, since it would marry a communications hotshot with a unique broadcast platform. Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel and Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey have known each other for a long time and were once close, although Snapchat has not yet made any splashy acquisitions, and certainly none that would come even close to Twitter’s price tag. IBM was left off, too, but could be intriguing thanks to its focus on major data efforts. But for how much? While we estimated an $18 billion price tag based on the recent sale of LinkedIn to Microsoft, two sources said Twitter was looking for much more to sell. The number? At least $30 billion. Yikes. That could knock Salesforce out, although it made a serious run at LinkedIn which went for $26 billion a few months back. (That said Salesforce’s market cap is just under $50 billion, lower today by 5 percent due to the Twitter rumors, meaning Wall Street no likey). In contrast, Google has plenty of money to spare, even if it does not have the desire to buy all that regulatory and trolling trouble. It’s also not clear how interested Alphabet CEO Larry Page is in the idea. Still, the Google buy seems the most likely, given how much both sides would benefit. As Kurt wrote: “There’s a good reason Google’s name always tops this list: It makes the most sense! Google has the money — Alphabet generated more revenue last quarter alone ($21 billion) than Twitter is actually worth. And while the company has tried its hand at social media before (I think we can all now agree that Google+ has been a minus), Twitter would give it a legitimate social platform to tie in with YouTube, which is now feeling heat from Facebook and Snapchat, which are very social. Could Google make good use of Twitter properties like Vine and Periscope by coupling them in some kind of media hybrid offering with YouTube? Maybe!” Remember, Google also kicked the tires on LinkedIn before its sale to Microsoft. So maybe there’s more appetite for a social play than we once thought. But good ideas do not acquisitions make, and Twitter is the digital equivalent of a jewel wrapped in a very gnarly hairball. As one former exec there told us recently: "Twitter is the most invaluable company that no one really wants to buy." That’s not true. At this point, the question is when and how. If it suffers another weak quarter, as most expect it to, a sale seems inevitable. recode_divider More From Recode With Apple now selling used iPhones, the new phone market may have peaked 23andMe President Andy Page is departing Recode Daily: Snapchat is speeding toward its IPO Facebook says it miscalculated more metrics, but it’s telling advertisers not to worry LinkedIn’s CEO says the U.S. cares too much about four-year college degrees Where we choose to work is a big deal, office designers Yves Behar and Ryan Mullenix say Trending Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime No satire: The stars of HBO’s ‘Silicon Valley’ say they got ‘cucked’ in an LA bar Marc Benioff says companies buy each other for the data, and the government isn’t doing anything about it More in Trending This Article has a component height of 15. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Apple Voices Consumer With Apple now selling used iPhones, the new phone market may have peaked by Tom Mainelli Today, buying a smartphone is a lot like buying a car. Health Care Comings and Goings 23andMe President Andy Page is departing by Kara Swisher@karaswisher He will remain on the board of the personal genomics company. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Snapchat is speeding toward its IPO by John Murrell Confidential filing targets the valuation at $20 billion to $25 billion. Facebook Advertising Facebook says it miscalculated more metrics, but it’s telling advertisers not to worry by Peter Kafka On the plus side: This has nothing to do with fake news. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google’s Self-Driving Car Gets Into Its Most Serious Accident Yet By Tyler Lee on 09/23/2016 18:53 PST Over the years ever since Google begun testing its self-driving cars on the road, there have been numerous accidents. Before you chalk this up to self-driving tech being not ready, to which you might be right, pretty much most of the accidents involving Google’s self-driving car have been because of careless drivers, and not the tech itself. So far the accidents haven’t been particularly serious, at least until now where as you can see in the video above by CBS San Francisco, Google’s self-driving car has been mangled pretty badly on the passenger side of the vehicle. According to 9to5Google who spoke to the witness, basically a van had driven into the side of the car on the corner of W El Camino and Calderon Ave. “I only saw the tail-end of the crash, and the dazed Google employees sitting around afterwards waiting for their tow-truck. I had to be on my way.” The witness adds, “From what I could see, it was the van’s fault entirely.” Thankfully it seems that no one was injured and in the video, you can see that the airbags were deployed successfully. No word on Google regarding the latest accident, but chances are we might not hear anything until the next self-driving car report which is expected to be released at the end of the month. Filed in Transportation. Read more about Google and self-driving cars. Related Articles 2016-11-15 Google Translate Gets A Neural Machine Translation Upgrade 2016-11-15 Google WiFi Now Available For Pre-Order 2016-11-15 Google Launches PhotoScan App That Helps Scan & Store Old Photos 2016-11-15 Hulu App Gets Daydream Support 2016-11-14 Google’s RAISR Upscales Images Using Machine Learning 2016-11-14 Google’s Self-Driving Cars Can Now Make Three-Point Turns 2016-09-01 Baidu Will Now Test Self-Driving Cars In Google's Backyard 2016-07-06 Google’s Self-Driving Cars Can Read Hand Signals 2016-05-25 Google Building New Development Center For Self-Driving Cars Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Indices Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Media Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Twitter initiates talks with tech companies over sale - source Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Sat Sep 24, 2016 | 12:44am BST Twitter initiates talks with tech companies over sale - source left right A 3D-printed logo for Twitter is seen in this picture illustration made in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina on January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo 1/3 left right People holding mobile phones are silhouetted against a backdrop projected with the Twitter logo in this illustration picture taken in Warsaw September 27, 2013. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration/File Photo 2/3 left right Jack Dorsey, CEO of Square and CEO of Twitter, speaks during an interview November 19, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/Files 3/3 By Greg Roumeliotis and Liana B. Baker Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signalling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumours for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company's business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google (GOOGL.O) and may receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com (CRM.N) is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google's parent company did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumours but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 percent to $22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $16 billion (12 billion pounds). Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Twitter is working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. SALESFORCE SURPRISE The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com's interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new "Einstein" artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company's strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter "firehose" of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce's chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: "Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others." Later, Afshar added: "I have tweeted my personal views regarding 'Why Twitter?' numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter." RIVALS ASCEND Afshar's sentiment is not shared on Wall Street, however. Twitter missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook's Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter's revenue grew rapidly under former Chief Executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Costolo's departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313 million monthly users, up just 3 percent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share. The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday's close at $18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value. (Reporting By Liana B. Baker, Dan Burns, Greg Roumeliotis and Sinead Carew; Writing by Jonathan Weber; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) Next In Business News Bank of England to get powers to regulate buy-to-let mortgages LONDON The Bank of England will receive the power early next year to regulate mortgages used by small landlords to purchase rental property, Britain's finance ministry said on Wednesday. Jaguar Land Rover says half of its new cars will have electric option by 2020 LONDON Half of all new Jaguar Land Rover vehicles will be available in an electric version by the end of the decade, Britain's biggest carmaker said on Wednesday, after showcasing its first electric car this week. Former UK regulator urges Trump not to scrap Wall Street reform LONDON The United States must not scrap bank capital requirements introduced at the height of the financial crisis aimed at avoiding more taxpayer bailouts of lenders, an architect of the rules said on Wednesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
SearchCIO Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchCIO SearchCompliance SearchHealthIT SearchCloudComputing SearchMobileComputing SearchDataCenter Topic Data privacy Cybersecurity View All Security Management Compliance CIO mission View All CIO and IT Salaries Career Development Contracting and Legal Outsourcing IT Governance Vertical Industries IT Budgeting Staff Development/Retention Vendor Management Leadership and Planning ROI IT and business mgmt Cloud strategies View All Cybersecurity View All Data privacy Security Management Compliance Digital business transformation View All Bimodal IT Business Process Management Web 2.0 Application Development AI CRM Software ITIL and ITSM SaaS IoT Project Management BI Software View All Mobile Management View All Collaboration View All Applications Collaboration Data Storage Management Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Network Management Server Management IT procurement Business software Topics Archive View All Please select a category CIO mission Cloud strategies Cybersecurity Digital business transformation BI Software Mobile Management Collaboration Section All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Searchlight News Roundup Google's Allo touts smarter messaging, but at a price by Brian Holak Associate Site Editor With Google's Allo, the tech giant is hoping you'll choose messaging smarts over privacy. Also in Searchlight: Yahoo confirms colossal breach; Oracle beefs up cloud offerings. In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Google messaging strategy unbundles Hangouts, ... – SearchUnifiedCommunications Sorry Mr. Snowden -- encryption isn't the only path ... – SearchSecurity Allo, allo: Google I/O unveils Microsoft-like feature... – ComputerWeekly Sponsored News Optimizing SQL Server and IT Performance Through Rackspace DBA Services –Rackspace Top 5 Questions On Desktop Virtualization and Converged Solutions –Dell See More Vendor Resources Maximizing Business Email Security in Gmail –SearchSecurity.com Computer Weekly: Nato and business join forces to tackle cyber security threats –ComputerWeekly.com Say hello to Allo, Google's new messaging app that hopes to compete with the likes of Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. and iMessage. No really, say hello, and it will not only answer back but also keep the conversation going possibly better than any other bot out there. What it won't do is guard your privacy (more on that later). A signature feature of Google's Allo is the baked-in artificial intelligence that takes advantage of Google's latest Assistant technology and makes it possible to use the bot to find and share information and perform a multitude of tasks within the app. Allo's Assistant integration also allows for "smart replies" based on your conversations or photos. "People think messaging is a solved problem, but we don't see it that way," bragged Nick Fox, Google’s VP of communications products, to TechCrunch. "We actually think we are on the cusp of a new generation of messaging apps. We think of it as smart messaging." Alan Lepofsky, vice president and principal analyst at Constellation Research Inc., didn't disagree. "The big trends for messaging include integrations -- bringing content into the stream from other applications such as maps, files, note taking," with those integrations extending to AI bots that respond to commands, provide additional content or take actions automatically, Lepofsky said. Facebook's Messenger app, for example, rolled out chatbots integration earlier this year and recently unveiled a new "chat assist" feature for payments that uses machine learning to scan conversations looking for indicators that money is owed and gives users the option of paying right in the app. Gartner analyst Werner Goertz expects Google's upcoming hardware announcements on Oct. 4th will provide an even more tightly controlled integration and further rollout of Google Assistant -- what he tags as the real star power of Allo. But extra smarts don't necessarily guarantee success in Allo's case. In this emerging space of next-gen messaging apps, the challenge for Google's Allo -- and its companion video messaging app Duo -- is not necessarily features, it's attracting a customer base, said Forrester Research analyst Michael Facemire. "[Allo's] success will depend on the ecosystem," Facemire said. "As the latest entry to this space, they’ll have to hope that people find more value in their intelligent integrations, or that the Google Assistant makes the overall experience better. Otherwise there aren't enough people that aren't already using a messaging client that will now start with Allo to make it a viable long-term play." Data and privacy: The sliding scale So will Allo go quietly into this good night? Not if its rollout is any indication. It's not often that a commercial software release comes with a warning from Edward Snowden not to use it. The whistleblower sent a series of tweets shortly after Allo's release condemning its lack of privacy and labeling it as unsafe, sparking an international debate about messaging privacy. Chats on Google's Allo are not end-to-end encrypted by default, which could open up conversations to hackers and the federal government. Encryption is available to users, but they have to manually switch their settings to "Incognito mode," which also inhibits Assistant's abilities. Second, it was discovered that Google walked back previous claims that messages would be stored "transiently" on its servers and then automatically deleted after a certain amount of time. Instead, data from Allo is stored indefinitely. "The key requirement for AI to provide assistance is data," said Lepofsky. "The more the system knows about you, the better suggestions it can provide." For the personal Google Assistant integration to perform effectively, Google needs access to as much of your data as possible. The bigger the data, the better the bot brain. The key requirement for AI to provide assistance is data. The more the system knows about you, the better suggestions it can provide. Alan Lepofskyvice president and principal analyst, Constellation Research Inc. So the familiar trade-off between privacy and convenience comes to light again in Allo. Mr. Snowden's concerns notwithstanding, the question is -- is the privacy issue even a question anymore for users? The data trail left by users, not only through mobile devices but also through IoT and wearables, is an irreversible effect of the digital era, said Gartner's Goertz. "The significance of Allo goes beyond a messaging app," Goertz said. "Seen in the context of the entire user experience -- and being able to monetize digital business opportunities -- the anonymous and disaggregated gathering of user interactions, in the long run, benefits businesses as well as end customers alike." Following the data trail is how many businesses will make money in years to come and that, he added, should be seen by CIOs as an opportunity. Information technology experts have the chance to shape the privacy question and answer it, Goertz said. "In order to make meaningful, monetizeable impact of this phenomenon, industry and regulatory forces need to create governance frameworks," he said. "CIOs are called upon to create consensus for interoperability, security and ownership. Embrace it, don't fight it." CIO news roundup for week of Sept. 19 The release of Google's Allo wasn't the only big story this week. Here's what else grabbed headlines: 500 million Yahoo accounts hacked. The California-based Internet firm confirmed Thursday that half a billion of its users' account information was stolen in a hack that took place in 2014. The company believes a "state-sponsored actor" was behind the attack, according to a press release. The breach revealed user information including names, email addresses, telephone numbers, date of births, encrypted passwords and security questions. Unprotected passwords, payment card data, or bank account information were not compromised in the breach, the company believes. News of the breach was rumored in August when Yahoo said it was investigating a claim by a hacker named "Peace" who said he had access to 200 million Yahoo user accounts and was selling them on the dark web. It's yet to be seen how this incident will affect the company's deal with Verizon, which agreed to buy Yahoo for almost $5 billion in July. Ellison puts a target on AWS. The California-based tech giant is redesigning its cloud infrastructure and will take on Amazon's cloud, Oracle CTO Larry Ellison said during his keynote at the OpenWorld conference in San Francisco on Monday. In addition to beefing up its existing cloud services, Oracle introduced a lineup of infrastructure as a service offerings -- Oracle Bare Metal Cloud Services, Oracle Ravello Cloud Service, Oracle Container Cloud Service – in an aim to offer  enterprise customers the benefits of both multi and single-tenant environments, according to a press release. "The latest additions … enable organizations to seamlessly connect their existing resources to the Oracle Cloud using Virtual Cloud Network and select from a wide variety of compute services including bare metal, virtual machines and engineered systems as if it were a part of their own datacenter," Thomas Kurian, president of product development at Oracle, touted. The future of Lyft. In five years' time the majority of Lyft rides will be provided by a fleet of driverless cars said John Zimmer, co-founder and president of the San Francisco-based transportation network company, in a blog post this week "And when networked autonomous vehicles come onto the scene, below the cost of car ownership, most city-dwellers will stop using a personal car altogether," he wrote. That in turn will change the face of urban areas, he predicted, with spaces currently used for parking opened up for other uses. Prior to operating a fully autonomous fleet, Lyft will operate a "hybrid network", where both driver and driverless cars will be used, Zimmer said. In other autonomous vehicle news, the White house released guidelines for self-driving cars on U.S. roads Tuesday. Check out our previous Searchlight roundups on Uber's self-driving car event and whether CIOs should care about the iPhone 7.  Assistant editor Mekhala Roy contributed to this week's news roundup. Next Steps Google's messaging strategy splits Hangouts, communication apps Is Google now aiming for the enterprise with Hangouts? Dig Deeper on Enterprise data privacy management All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Security versus privacy: What's a company to do? Cybersecurity advice to live and work by Training, technology needed to fight cyberattacks today, panel says Time to bid adieu to traditional authentication methods Load More View All Security versus privacy: What's a company to do? Cybersecurity advice to live and work by Training, technology needed to fight cyberattacks today, panel says Time to bid adieu to traditional authentication methods Load More View All News The key steps to launching blockchain implementations Time to step up your company's data governance plan Next-generation enterprise security architecture to combat cyber weaponry chief trust officer Load More View All Get started Time to step up your company's data governance plan Strategies for a next-generation security architecture Is it time for a new data ownership manifesto? The future of incident response is in real-time OODA feedback loops Load More View All Evaluate Next-generation enterprise security architecture to combat cyber weaponry Uber's new data privacy policy suggests privacy is dead Apple's Tim Cook stands up for consumer privacy Is it time for a new data ownership manifesto? Load More View All Manage Biometric security measures and identification: A new enterprise rage? Why is 'bring your own encryption' (BYOE) important? For effective cybersecurity, communicate and cover your assets Data protection management in a mad, mobile world Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Building a layered enterprise mobile security strategy E-Zine The key steps to launching blockchain implementations E-Handbook Pondering the question of IoT data ownership Brian Holak asks: What would you rather? Privacy or a smart personal assistant? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 3 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Brian Holak - 23 Sep 2016 12:37 PM What would you rather? Privacy or a smart personal assistant? Add My Comment Cancel   [-] Sharon Fisher - 24 Sep 2016 6:45 PM How much people use a messaging app,  or any other kind of social app,  is predicated not on its features nor its security,  but on how many of their friends are using it.  If Allo can't get an installed base,  it doesn't matter how good or bad it is.   Add My Comment Cancel   [-] MichaelG380 - 29 Sep 2016 1:57 AM I agree 100℅ with Sharon. Unlike SMS and email, messaging apps tend to be vendor specific and users cannot send messages to another client. So until message gateways are introduced it's hard to see how a new entry will get market share. I have Allo installed but no one to chat with :( whereas I use WhatsApp for all my family (except my Mother who has an iPad ... which can't run WhatsApp!) I Slack with developers and email (still) for everyone else. All creating an increasingly fragmented world. .   Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Compliance Health IT Cloud Computing Mobile Computing Data Center SearchCompliance Mitigating insider threats remains a major cyber concern Expert panelists at the Cambridge Cyber Summit briefed the audience on some of the steps that organizations should implement for ... Lack of cybersecurity standards leaves election process vulnerable Hackers continue to exploit vulnerabilities in the U.S. political technology, highlighting the need for cybersecurity standards ... FAQ: What are the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield compliance requirements? In this SearchCompliance FAQ, learn details about how the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield data protection requirements strive to raise ... SearchHealthIT Mobile ultrasound scanner joins ecosystem of connected health devices As mobile devices in healthcare proliferate, clinicians are using mobile diagnostic tools, like hand-held ultrasound scanners, to... Investor steers venture capital for healthcare to proven technologies In choosing investments, a health IT venture capitalist looked for technologies with proven outcomes, not just pilot studies, ... Experts say how Trump presidency might affect the future of health IT What will the future of health IT be under the new Trump administration? Health IT experts offer up predictions and reassurances ... SearchCloudComputing Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud Multifactor authentication is a critical step for securing IT apps and resources. Explore options for enabling and managing this ... Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... OpenStack skills shortage makes deployment an ongoing challenge Enterprises that pursue OpenStack deployments often scramble to find IT professionals experienced with the open source platform. ... SearchMobileComputing Key factors to consider when making an EMM software purchase Enterprises must look at many organizational factors when purchasing EMM software. Learn the most important decision points in ... COPE devices bring big benefits to IT IT shops that support corporate-owned, personally-enabled devices will find that the management process is the same as BYOD, but ... Apple iPhone 7 capacity, water resistance score with business users The iPhone 7 got rid of the headphone jack that users have long been used to, but there are still some features to pique ... SearchDataCenter Blade server architecture offers efficiency, but lock-in risks remain For organizations concerned about blade server lock-in, virtualization and cloud offer compelling alternatives with similar ... How an IoT deployment reshapes network and storage management Data center admins need to know the unique network and storage requirements that come with an IoT deployment, and evolve their IT... Building a disaster recovery architecture with cloud and colocation Creating a robust disaster recovery plan is no small task for IT teams. Explore how cloud and colocation can bolster an ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2007 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes Change in Ratings Stock Comments / EPS Changes Economics Meetings TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker MainStreet Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity | Technology Apple's Reported Plans to Challenge Amazon Make Sense, But Won't Move the Needle Much By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Sep 23, 2016 | 7:28 PM EDT Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: amzn, googl, aapl With Amazon's (AMZN)  Echo speaker/voice assistant line having gradually become a hit, and Alphabet's (GOOGL)  Google on the verge of launching a rival device, it looks as if Apple (AAPL) has decided it, too, needs to offer a speaker/voice assistant device for homes. Apple's reported plans are quite understandable, and the company might have a few ways to make its device stand out, particularly to iPhone/iPad users. But given the competition and the relatively modest size of the addressable market, the product is unlikely to have a big financial impact on the world's most profitable company. Bloomberg reported on Friday Apple is prepping "an Echo-like smart-home device based on the Siri voice assistant." It adds the device has reached the prototype testing phase, but cautions Apple's plans aren't finalized and the project could still be scrapped. The Information had already reported in May an Echo-like device is being prepped. But VentureBeat reported a few days later Apple's home assistant would be built into a new Apple TV set-top, rather than work as a standalone device. It looks as if The Information's report was closer to the mark. Bloomberg's scoop comes just nine days after Amazon unveiled a new version of its hockey puck-shaped Echo Dot device that goes for just $50 -- $40 less than the original Dot, and $130 less than what the original Echo sells for -- and features a better speech processor. It also comes ahead of an Oct. 4 Google event at which the company is expected (among other things) to share a launch date and pricing for its Google Home speaker/assistant, which was first unveiled at its May I/O conference. Android Police reports Home, which (along with Android 7.0) supports a new Google Assistant service, will sell for $129. So how will Apple's solution stand out? For starters, Bloomberg's sources state the product will feature "more advanced microphone and speaker technology." They add Apple might use technology obtained through its acquisitions of face-recognition startups Faceshift and Emotient to allow its device to "act based on who is in a room or a person's emotional state." The fact the product will leverage Siri could also let it take advantage of Apple's iOS and MacOS user data -- whether obtained via Siri or other means -- to deliver personalized responses and reminders, as well as stay aware of a user's daily activity. And one has to assume it will support Apple's HomeKit home automation platform, which allows iOS devices and the Apple Watch to control many smart home products. At the same time, the Alexa assistant powering Amazon's Echo line has already created a pretty big ecosystem of supported home devices and web/mobile services. Amazon disclosed last week the number of "skills" supported by Alexa has topped 3,000, up three times from June levels. Google, like Apple, hasn't made as much progress as Amazon in creating an ecosystem for its assistant service. But its artificial intelligence and natural language-processing strengths could help Google Home stand out, as might the user data it takes in via offerings such as Google search, Android, Gmail and Maps. Meanwhile, Apple will be facing off against Amazon and Google in what's still a fairly small market. In June, The Information reported Amazon is looking to sell 3 million Echo units in 2016, and up to 10 million in 2017. For comparison, Apple sold 231.5 million iPhones last year at an average selling price (ASP) that -- given Echo devices are priced between $50 and $180 -- was likely more than four times higher than Amazon's current Echo ASP. Thus, even if Apple sells as many home speakers next year as Amazon is reportedly hoping to sell, the product's revenue will be equal to a tiny fraction of Apple's iPhone revenue. Both literally and figuratively, an Apple-made Echo rival will be peripheral to the company's biggest profit engine. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa By Suing Over Counterfeits, Amazon is Putting Standards Ahead of Short-Term Growth Disney Faces Some Tough Choices, Regardless of Whether It Tries to Buy Netflix Why Chrome Is More Valuable to Google Than You Might Think Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities. Tags: stock market | Equities | technology | hardware | Consumer Durables Columnist Conversations David Katz: Target: Solid EPS Beat and Upped Guidance We were pleasantly surprised by Target's (TGT) earnings report today as earnings came in at $1.04 vs. 83 ... Jay Somaney: Fed Rate Hike Almost Certain Eric Rosengren, President of the Boston Federal Reserve, seems to have signaled a go on an interest rate hike ... James "Rev Shark" DePorre: Republican Spenders? The bond market now is pricing in massive spending by the Republicans.  The belief is that the fiscal res... Paul Price: Airline Stocks - The Berkshire Factor Much has been made of the fact that Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B) bought a bunch of ai... See all » BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Dividend Stock Advisor David Peltier identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Biweekly dividend newsletter Diversifed model portfolio of dividend stocks Intraday trade alerts Growth Seeker Chris Versace and Lenore Elle Hawkins, using sophisticated stock screening and fundamental research, identify high potential growth small and mid-cap stocks. Product Features: Model portfolio Small-cap and mid-cap focus Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition November 18 How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory The Role Gender Played in the Presidential Election How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory How Donald Trump Surfed Public Anger to the Presidency View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out Tech & Science Twitter May Be Up For Sale By Reuters On 9/23/16 at 8:04 PM Close Tech & Science Twitter Twitter Inc has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signaling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumors for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company's business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google and may receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google's parent company did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumors but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. A man reads tweets on his phone in front of a displayed Twitter logo in Bordeaux, southwestern France, March 10. Reuters Twitter shares jumped more than 19 percent to $22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $16 billion. Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Twitter is working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. Salesforce Surprise  The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com's interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new "Einstein" artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company's strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter "firehose" of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce's chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: "Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others." Later, Afshar added: "I have tweeted my personal views regarding 'Why Twitter?' numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter." Rivals Ascend Afshar's sentiment is not shared on Wall Street, however. Twitter missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook's Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Related Stories Why Investors Should Watch Out for Snapchat Facebook, Twitter, Instagram: Which Won the Olympics? Twitter Not Liable for ISIS Propaganda Twitter's revenue grew rapidly under former Chief Executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Costolo's departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313 million monthly users, up just 3 percent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share. The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday's close at $18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2016 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe November 11 Issue Budweiser's Battle for Beer Market Dominance The Hacker’s Pearl Harbor The Cow Defense October 28 Issue Colorado Springs Teens Keep Killing Themselves Experts Suspect New Dead Sea Scroll Fragments Are Fake Donald the Destroyer October 21 Issue Swipe for Safer Sex Roosh V: From Pickup Artist to Right-Wing Provocateur The New ISIS Crisis October 14 Issue How the Chicago Marathon Will Keep Track of Millions The Black Panthers, 50 Years Later Trump Foundation Ordered to Halt Fundraising Browse Archives
null
null
null
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Home News Latest News Girl, 18, pinned down, robbed and raped after being ambushed by trio Girl, 18, pinned down, robbed and raped after being ambushed by trio A YOUNG woman was raped after she was hurled to the ground and robbed by two women and a man, cops have said. By Lily Waddell / Published 23rd September 2016 GOOGLE RESTRAINED: The young woman suffered a 'horrendous' ordeal The 18-year-old girl was restrained by two of the group while the other woman rummaged through the girl's handbag. Then the man raped the victim when she was pinned down in Manchester's city centre. Cops were alerted at 2.50am to the scene on Major Street car park, behind Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court near the Gay Village. It is now understood the man threw the teen to the ground before carrying out the assault, cops said. GOOGLE HORRIFIC ATTACK: It is currently unknown what was stolen “This was a horrendous attack on a young woman” Detective Inspector Dave Moores The teen was subjected to the horrific attack before the trio fled towards the Village, it is claimed. It is currently unknown what was stolen. Detective Inspector Dave Moores, of GMP's Serious Sexual Offences Unit, said: "This was a horrendous attack on a young woman which has, understandably, left her extremely distressed. "We are providing her with support from specially trained officers and have launched a full investigation." GOOGLE REVEAL: Cops were alerted at 2.50am to the scene on Major Street car park Now cops are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen the suspects between 2am and 3am on Wednesday. The first woman, who restrained the victim, is of mixed race with a scrawny build. She had her hair tied up in a ponytail when the assault took place. It is believed the woman is approximately 18 years old. The second woman, who allegedly robbed the teen, is of mixed race and had her hair tied in a messy ponytail. She is thought to be in her early 20s. Both women have local accents. The man who allegedly raped her is white, in his early 20s, with a slim build and clean shaven. GOOGLE LOCATION: The trio fled towards the Gay Village after the alleged attack At the time of the alleged attack, he was wearing sports clothing. The detective added: "I would urge anybody who recognises the description of these three and thinks they may have seen them in the city centre between 2am and 3am to please contact police immediately." The investigation is ongoing. Related Articles Sex ban man gets 24-hour bonking notice LIFTED Portuguese police probe the alleged rape of a British holidaymaker on the Algarve BREAKING: Family fury as two men cleared of the rape and killing of Scarlett Keeling, 15 Celebs More Gigi Hadid tells pals 'immature Perrie Edwards should get over Zayn Malik' GIGI Hadid isn't happy with Little Mix babe Perrie Edwards, according to reports. Secret to the TOWIE tush revealed in intimate zapping vid: 'Yo... Edge of glory: Emily Ratajkowski risks intimate reveal in insa... Now THAT’S Girl Power: Spice Girls slam ‘sexist pig’ director ... Little Mix take aim at Iggy Azalea as Leigh-Anne Pinnock sugge... Real Housewife's horror as strip club snatches pics to promote... Beach bombshell alert: Swimsuit USA contestant wows in stunnin... On the naughty list? Ola Jordan straddles Santa wearing lacy l... Arise boobzilla: Chloe Sims flaunts epic assets in curve explo... Latest News More 'How dare Wayne Rooney have fun' Support for England star after he apologises for booze-up FANS have come out in support for England captain Wayne Rooney after the star apologised to Three Lions boss Gareth Southgate and the FA for a booz... Arsenal legend Ian Wright leaves Ryan Giggs close to tears aft... World's FATTEST man weighs 79 stone, hasn't moved for 15 years... Shock as ancient ALIEN SOLDIER stalks Curiosity Rover on Mars GRAPHIC VID: Kidnapper shot dead by police sniper while holdin... Donald Trump ditches press pool and sneaks off for a family di... Heart-stopping moment scuba diver gets SUCKED into boat propeller Cash-strapped Kim Jong-un 'may sell nuke secrets to West's ene... Watch parking so bad it was mistaken for a TERRORIST attack Latest News More ARMAGEDDON: NASA urged by top scientists to launch 2020 mission against killer asteroid A MISSION to save Earth from Armageddon-style destruction will be launched in 2020 under scientists' plans. Premier League clubs slash ticket prices in a bid to attract n... £15k benefits layabout splurges ‘£2k on Grey Goose and champag... Weatherman tells viewers they are about to MELT during hilario... 'World War 3 has been cancelled' – Trump and Putin join forces... Shock video shows ice field 'the size of Florida' melt in just... Lad uses mouse to open bottle of beer in jaw-dropping clip – b... Teen sends revenge porn vids of threesome to break-up pal's re... Bloke takes FLAMETHROWER to his garden after discovering infes... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Rugby League Motorsport Boxing Racing Other Rugby World Cup UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV X Factor Strictly I'm A Celebrity Music Movies Britain's Got Talent Big Brother Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Just Jane Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Family Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
null
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Twitter initiates talks with tech companies over sale: source News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Twitter initiates talks with tech companies over sale: source Twitter Inc has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signaling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. Posted 23 Sep 2016 21:20 Updated 24 Sep 2016 07:50 People holding mobile phones are silhouetted against a backdrop projected with the Twitter logo in this illustration picture taken in Warsaw September 27, 2013. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration/File Photo Jack Dorsey, CEO of Square and CEO of Twitter, speaks during an interview November 19, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/Files prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Twitter Inc has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signaling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumors for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company's business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google and may receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google's parent company did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumors but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 percent to US$22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around US$16 billion. Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for US$22 per share. Twitter is working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. SALESFORCE SURPRISE The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com's interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new "Einstein" artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company's strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter "firehose" of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce's chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: "Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others." Later, Afshar added: "I have tweeted my personal views regarding 'Why Twitter?' numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter." RIVALS ASCEND Afshar's sentiment is not shared on Wall Street, however. Twitter missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly US$2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook's Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter's revenue grew rapidly under former Chief Executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Costolo's departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313 million monthly users, up just 3 percent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Twitter went public in November 2013 at US$26 a share. The shares peaked above US$74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday's close at US$18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value. (Reporting By Liana B. Baker, Dan Burns, Greg Roumeliotis and Sinead Carew; Writing by Jonathan Weber; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Home speaker will likely cost a lot less than Amazon Echo Elyse Betters24 September 2016Speakers Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is going to take on Amazon Echo in two weeks when it unveils a similar, voice-activated speaker that costs significantly less. According to Android Police, the Mountain View, CA-based company plans to launch a speaker called Google Home during its #MadebyGoogle event, where it is also expected to introduce two flagships under the brand "Pixel", rather than Nexus, though they're still designed to showcase Android. The new speaker will apparently cost $129, which is $50 less than what Echo costs. Google will likely demo the Google Home during its event, giving consumers a better idea of how it works. It's suppose to function as a Bluetooth speaker and be able to answer questions using Google Search. Keep in mind Google is marketing its event under the "Made by Google" tagline, which suggests everything we see at the show will be Google-branded and maybe Google-made. Other things expected to be unveiled on 4 October include an $80 Daydream headset, a $69 4K-capable Chromecast dubbed Chromecast Ultra, and a $129 home router product called Google Wi-Fi. Pricing for those three devices were also revealed by Android Police, which has a pretty accurate record when it comes to leaking Google-related details, on Friday. You can read more about Google's event from Pocket-lint's roundup. Sections Google Amazon Speakers Source: Android Police HomeSpot’s Rugged Bluetooth Speaker lets you take your soundtrack anywhere (62 per cent off) Electric Jukebox launches, bringing millions of songs to your TV Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa B&O Play A2 Active is the A2 on steroids Popular In Speakers On Pocket-lint HomeSpot’s Rugged Bluetooth Speaker lets you take your soundtrack anywhere (62 per cent off) Electric Jukebox launches, bringing millions of songs to your TV Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa B&O Play A2 Active is the A2 on steroids Which Sonos speaker is best for you? Play:1, Play:3, Play:5 or Playbar Sonos users can now control their systems from Spotify Best Wireless Speaker 2016: EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards nominees Denon Heos HS2 review: A true Sonos competitor Denon Heos gets Alexa integration; bark commands at your speakers or soundbar Bose SoundTouch 300 soundbar leads trio of new audio systems into wireless era OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Watch Dogs 2 contains sexually explicit full frontal nudity, Ubisoft promises patch Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Home speaker will likely cost a lot less than Amazon Echo Elyse Betters24 September 2016Speakers Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is going to take on Amazon Echo in two weeks when it unveils a similar, voice-activated speaker that costs significantly less. According to Android Police, the Mountain View, CA-based company plans to launch a speaker called Google Home during its #MadebyGoogle event, where it is also expected to introduce two flagships under the brand "Pixel", rather than Nexus, though they're still designed to showcase Android. The new speaker will apparently cost $129, which is $50 less than what Echo costs. Google will likely demo the Google Home during its event, giving consumers a better idea of how it works. It's suppose to function as a Bluetooth speaker and be able to answer questions using Google Search. Keep in mind Google is marketing its event under the "Made by Google" tagline, which suggests everything we see at the show will be Google-branded and maybe Google-made. Other things expected to be unveiled on 4 October include an $80 Daydream headset, a $69 4K-capable Chromecast dubbed Chromecast Ultra, and a $129 home router product called Google Wi-Fi. Pricing for those three devices were also revealed by Android Police, which has a pretty accurate record when it comes to leaking Google-related details, on Friday. You can read more about Google's event from Pocket-lint's roundup. Sections Google Amazon Speakers Source: Android Police HomeSpot’s Rugged Bluetooth Speaker lets you take your soundtrack anywhere (62 per cent off) Electric Jukebox launches, bringing millions of songs to your TV Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa B&O Play A2 Active is the A2 on steroids Popular In Speakers On Pocket-lint HomeSpot’s Rugged Bluetooth Speaker lets you take your soundtrack anywhere (62 per cent off) Electric Jukebox launches, bringing millions of songs to your TV Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa B&O Play A2 Active is the A2 on steroids Which Sonos speaker is best for you? Play:1, Play:3, Play:5 or Playbar Sonos users can now control their systems from Spotify Best Wireless Speaker 2016: EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards nominees Denon Heos HS2 review: A true Sonos competitor Denon Heos gets Alexa integration; bark commands at your speakers or soundbar Bose SoundTouch 300 soundbar leads trio of new audio systems into wireless era OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Watch Dogs 2 contains sexually explicit full frontal nudity, Ubisoft promises patch Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Rumored To Launch ‘Google WiFi’ Router On October 4 By Tyler Lee on 09/23/2016 16:01 PST So we know that Google is hosting an event on the 4th of October where they’ll most likely announce the new Pixel and Pixel XL phones. Or at least that’s what we can assume based on the teasers that we’ve seen Google put out. However it also seems that there could be more products announced during the event as well. According to the folks at Android Police, they have learnt that Google could be planning to announce a new product called Google WiFi. No, this is not an internet service, but rather this is a router. Now you might be confused because Google already has a router in the form of the OnHub that was announced last year, so why would Google launch another router? After all Google isn’t exactly a company that creates networking devices like Belkin, TP-Link, D-Link, and so on. However the report claims that one of the selling points of the Google WiFi is that it is small like the Amazon Echo Dot, and that it will provide enhanced range compared to regular routers, and that they can be they can sort of be linked together to create one large wireless network. Android Police is a little unclear as to how this will work exactly, but if the 4th of October rumors are true, we won’t have to wait too long to find out. Filed in Gadgets >Rumors. Read more about Google. Related Articles 2016-11-15 Hulu App Gets Daydream Support 2016-11-14 Google’s RAISR Upscales Images Using Machine Learning 2016-11-14 Google To Restrict Fake-News Websites From Using AdSense 2016-11-14 Google’s Self-Driving Cars Can Now Make Three-Point Turns 2016-11-14 Huawei Confirms It Passed On Google Pixel Handsets Over Branding Issues Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
HOME LATEST NEWS November 13, 2016 | DAY 4: Tens of thousands protest Trump’s election victory November 13, 2016 | Clinton ‘Heartbroken’ Over Election, Says FBI Letter Was Turning Point November 12, 2016 | SHAUN KING: No, we should not wait and see what a Trump administration does. We should organize our resistance right now! November 12, 2016 | DAY 3: Anti-Trump protests continue; close to 200 arrested in Los Angeles, Portland demo declared a ‘riot’ – By Thandisizwe Chimurenga November 12, 2016 | KING: Every official in the Democratic Party should be fired. Here’s why they are partly to blame for Trump November 12, 2016 | From Beirut to Burma, the world’s deplorables celebrate Trump November 12, 2016 | Hillary Rodham Clinton was just elected president – By Margot Fernandez November 11, 2016 | Three Reasons Clinton Lost and What to Do About Them – By Ted Millar November 11, 2016 | DAY 11 PRAYERS: 11TH HOUR ANOINTING FIRE OUTBREAK! November 11, 2016 | 9TH-HOUR PRAYERS: BEAUTIFUL GATE MIRACLE AND ANGELIC VISITATIONS November 11, 2016 | 6TH-HOUR PRAYERS: IT IS NECESSARY TO GO THROUGH THE RIDICULE AND HATRED OF SAMARIA FOR SALVATION November 11, 2016 | 3RD-HOUR PRAYERS: THE LORD OF THE FIRST COMERS IS ALSO MUCH MORE THE LORD OF THE LATE COMERS! November 11, 2016 | DONALD TRUMP VICTORY SPEECH (FULL TRANSCRIPT) BY POPULAR DEMAND November 10, 2016 | Read Hillary Clinton’s Concession Speech for the 2016 Election (full transcript – BY POPULAR DEMAND November 10, 2016 | DAY 2 ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS: President-elect Trump blasts media for inciting protests Search for: Home TECHNOLOGY Say ‘allo’ to Google as Allo Launches in Nigeria GOOGLE ALLO Posted By: Luthando Kiti September 23, 2016 ShareTweet Google Nigeria on Thursday announced the launch of Google Allo to the Nigerian market. Announced at the Google I/O Developer conference in May, Allo is a smart messaging app that works off your phone number and is available for Android and iOS mobile devices. Google Allo is a smarter messaging app like no other. So, whether it’s planning a football night out or even just catching up with family and friends, you never have to hit pause anymore. Featuring a preview version of Google Assistant, Allo offers you help right in your chat so you never have to leave the forum to grab an address or research a dinner spot. On other words, chat with Google Assistant one-on-one or type @google right in your chat and it’ll help you research and book a dinner spot. And guess what? The more you use your Assistant, the more useful it becomes by remembering your preferences and other information you ask it to. Here are just a few more things the Google Assistant can help you with in chat. Stay in the loop by getting the latest information on things that matter most to you, whether it’s news, traffic, sports or whether conditions. Use Google Assistant – right within your conversation to find businesses or shops around you; pharmacies, ATMs or banks. Research travel destinations, flights and hotels together with friends as the Assistant taps into all the great travel features on Google. Keep the conversation moving, even when you’re on the go by responding quickly, but smartly. Allo makes it easier for you to respond quickly with Smart Reply technology, without typing a single word. Smart Reply suggests responses based on your conversation – just click the one you want, whether you’re a ‘LOL’ or ‘hahaha’ kind of person. Smart Reply will also suggest responses for photos sent in Google Allo. If your friend sends you a photo of their pet, you might see Smart Reply suggestions like “nice dog :)” or “aww cute!” Express yourself with photos, emojis and stickers because we know that chat is more than just text only. You can say it loudly or softly by making emojis and text smaller or larger by simply dragging the “send” button up or down. You can also turn any photo into a work of art by inscribing on it before you send. Experience independent artists and studios we’ve partnered with around the world when you create custom sticker packs – because sometimes all you need is a “sloth riding a pizza” sticker that says it all. Google Allo has also taken security into account – all chats are encrypted so your information is secure. It also offers an incognito mode (like that in Chrome), which provides end-to-end encryption, discreet notifications and message expiration. Allo is available globally in app stores. Google’s innovative search technologies connect millions of people around the world with information every day. Founded in 1998 by Stanford Ph.D. students Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Google today is a top web property in all major global markets. Google’s targeted advertising program provides businesses of all sizes with measurable results, while enhancing the overall web experience for users. Google is headquartered in Silicon Valley with offices throughout the Americas, Europe, Africa and Asia. BY PETER OLUKA GOOGLE ALLO SOURCE: NIGERIA COMMUNICATIONS WEEK Follow us: @OsunDEFENDER on Twitter | OsunDEFENDER on Facebook Related Stories Nokia Lumia 920 review – so near, and yet so far Samsung Galaxy Camera with built-in 3G connection arrives in Australia TECNO Targets Youth Market With N3 3G martphone Unilag Team Wins Google Contest New Blackberry 10 looks like an Apple product – iPhone in disguise? TECNO partners Airtel, Qualcomm to unveil 3G Android smartphone RIM stocks climb on optimism #Nigeria ELECTIONS: Jona-TAN In Big Trouble…. Aso-villa Is Shaking, Brave Mama Peace IS Afraid – WHO WILL RESCUE THE CAT? Share this: WhatsApp Twitter Facebook Google Related ShareTweet SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "Say ‘allo’ to Google as Allo Launches in Nigeria" Leave a Reply Cancel reply SITE STATISTICS Todays Visits: 61,465 Yesterdays Visits: 115,339 Last 7 Days Visits: 903,418 Last 30 Days Visits: 3,727,707 Total Comments: 19,080 Follow Us on Facebook Tweets by @OsunDefender MIDDLE EAST November 12, 2016 From Beirut to Burma, the world’s deplorables celebrate Trump Donald Trump’s rise is galvanising the globe’s fringe forces [AFP] Trump’s shock election victory has upset many at home in the United States and abroad, but it has also been a cause for celebration for… Share this: WhatsApp Twitter Facebook Google Read More November 2, 2016 Iraqi forces enter Mosul as Islamic State fights back November 1, 2016 BREAKING: President Obama Kills Top ISIS Leader – Trump And Republicans Are Silent (DETAILS) October 16, 2016 Forces Converge Around Mosul for What Could Be an All-Out Battle Against ISIS October 4, 2016 Egyptian MP says women students must pass ‘virginity tests’ October 4, 2016 Egypt TV-star to Sisi: your days may be numbered! September 2, 2016 ISIS Has Lost Land, But It Still Has a Giant Foothold In Cyberspace September 1, 2016 What are Netanyahu and Putin plotting? August 29, 2016 Why we drive electric cars in the UAE August 29, 2016 How to charge your electric car in Dubai FAITH & PRAYER November 11, 2016 DAY 11 PRAYERS: 11TH HOUR ANOINTING FIRE OUTBREAK! “But it is a spirit in man, And the breath of the Almighty gives them understanding.” – Job 32:8 Job 33:4: “The Spirit of God has made me, And the breath of the Almighty gives me… Share this: WhatsApp Twitter Facebook Google Read More November 11, 2016 9TH-HOUR PRAYERS: BEAUTIFUL GATE MIRACLE AND ANGELIC VISITATIONS November 11, 2016 6TH-HOUR PRAYERS: IT IS NECESSARY TO GO THROUGH THE RIDICULE AND HATRED OF SAMARIA FOR SALVATION November 11, 2016 3RD-HOUR PRAYERS: THE LORD OF THE FIRST COMERS IS ALSO MUCH MORE THE LORD OF THE LATE COMERS! November 7, 2016 MONDAY PRAYERS BY PASTOR ABIODUN DISU Top Posts & Pages HOME DOWNLOAD HOT 40 PRAYER POINTS FOR NOVEMBER 2016 MFM POWER MUST CHANGE HANDS (THE GREAT DELIVERANCE) FULL TEXT OF RCCG NOVEMBER 2016 HOLY GHOST SERVICE (HELPERS OF DESTINY) - By Pastor E. A. Adeboye DAY 1: PRAYER POINTS FOR 11TH HOUR MIRACLES IN NOVEMBER 2016 DAY 4: Tens of thousands protest Trump’s election victory Clinton 'Heartbroken' Over Election, Says FBI Letter Was Turning Point Hillary Rodham Clinton was just elected president - By Margot Fernandez DAY 11 PRAYERS: 11TH HOUR ANOINTING FIRE OUTBREAK! KING: Every official in the Democratic Party should be fired. Here's why they are partly to blame for Trump DAY 3 (Part 1): PRAYER POINTS FOR 11TH HOUR MIRACLES IN NOVEMBER 2016! DAY 4: Tens of thousands protest Trump’s election victory Clinton ‘Heartbroken’ Over Election, Says FBI Letter Was Turning Point SHAUN KING: No, we should not wait and see what a Trump administration does. We should organize our resistance right now! DAY 3: Anti-Trump protests continue; close to 200 arrested in Los Angeles, Portland demo declared a ‘riot’ – By Thandisizwe Chimurenga KING: Every official in the Democratic Party should be fired. Here’s why they are partly to blame for Trump From Beirut to Burma, the world’s deplorables celebrate Trump Hillary Rodham Clinton was just elected president – By Margot Fernandez Three Reasons Clinton Lost and What to Do About Them – By Ted Millar DAY 11 PRAYERS: 11TH HOUR ANOINTING FIRE OUTBREAK! 9TH-HOUR PRAYERS: BEAUTIFUL GATE MIRACLE AND ANGELIC VISITATIONS 6TH-HOUR PRAYERS: IT IS NECESSARY TO GO THROUGH THE RIDICULE AND HATRED OF SAMARIA FOR SALVATION 3RD-HOUR PRAYERS: THE LORD OF THE FIRST COMERS IS ALSO MUCH MORE THE LORD OF THE LATE COMERS! Copyright 2016 | MH Newsdesk by MH Themes
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Media & Promotion   » LOSS HITS $2.3bn As of the end of Q2, Twitter an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. Twitter initiates talks with tech firms over sale NEW YORK, September 24, 2016 Twitter has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, signalling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. Twitter has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signalling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumours for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company's business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google and may receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google's parent company did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumors but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 per cent to $22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $16 billion. Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Twitter is working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. SALESFORCE SURPRISE The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com's interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new "Einstein" artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company's strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter "firehose" of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce's chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: "Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others." Later, Afshar added: "I have tweeted my personal views regarding 'Why Twitter?' numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter." RIVALS ASCEND Afshar's sentiment is not shared on Wall Street, however. Twitter missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook's Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter's revenue grew rapidly under former chief executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Costolo's departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313 million monthly users, up just 3 per cent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share. The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday's close at $18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value.- Reuters Tags: facebook | Social media | Instagram | More Media & Promotion Stories Contec signs strategic deal with Irish media firm OBG research offered on Bloomberg terminal Starz Play wins new funding for expansion Dewa wins public sector CSR award Trump ready for anti-terror coalition with GCC New Snapchat sunglasses available via vending machines DIFF expands Arabian Nights line-up Icflix to expand in Bahrain with Zain deal Italian investment desk opens in Dubai Dubai gears up for $735m water canal opening Tamkeen announces second art fair in Bahrain Mena Effie Awards to feature 23 categories OBG publishes Saudi Arabia 2016 report DIFF event to feature 13 top Arab films UAE developer opens green community mosque DIFF to feature open-air screenings Top golfers gear up for Turkish Airlines Open US firms lead list of top executives in Mideast DIFF to present Arabic films for Golden Globe Award Huawei showcases TV streaming via cloud Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (5) Post your comment Google Home and Chromecast Ultra will reportedly cost $129 and $69 23 September 2016 We heard about Google Home back in May during Google I/O, a direct competitor to Alexa, Amazons smart assistant called Echo. Android Police reports that Google will sell the Home assistant for $129, which is priced competitively lower than the Amazon Echo, which currently retails for $179. Although, Amazons Echo Dot 2nd gen is coming next month and only costs $50. The only caveat is that it needs an external speaker for playing music. Likewise, a new Chromecast Ultra (as it may or may not be called), is a 4K version of the popular streaming device which is said to retail for $69. It could be HDR enabled, but other features arent mentioned. We also hope that this new Chromecast is compatible with 120Hz video (60fps) as the current Chromecast isnt capable of this. Its likely that the current Chromecast would remain on sale once this new version goes on sale. Itd give customers the option to choose a basic model or advanced model with all the bells and whistles. As far as availability is concerned, its possible that both of these devices could be announced at Googles Oct 4 event where the Pixel phones will also be announced. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Pixel Launcher to feature rounded app icons, pressure-sensitive shortcuts By R Padla - September 23, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Change is constant and when it comes to Google, that’s quite common. The tech giant is always improving its many products and services, changing search algorithms, rebranding, discontinuing features, and rolling out software updates. Almost every week, we learn of new things Google and Android developers are coming up. Perhaps the most highly anticipated change these days is the company doing away with the Nexus name and replacing its flagship line with the Pixel. We’re not really sure why it should be changed but we’ve been saying it could be just to streamline its products. We know two new Nexus phones will be unveiled soon but instead of the Sailfish and the Marlin, they will be known as the Pixel and Pixel XL. The two will join the Pixel C as one of Google’s flagship devices. Because of this move, we also noted that the Nexus Launcher may be known as Pixel Launcher. That’s another change we’re looking forward to finally seeing in Android Nougat. When the two Pixels are announced, they are believed to roll out with the Android 7.1 updated with the Pixel Launcher. Nothing much to say about the new app launcher but we know it will have a clean and more fluid user interface. Another big change the Pixel Launcher is expected to bring is the look of the icons. Instead of the squarish icons, the Pixel Launcher will have rounded icons, as well as, pressure-sensitive shortcuts. Apps are simply redesigned to fit a circle. As for the launcher shortcuts, they may be accessed with the pressure sensitive displays but we’re not yet sure. Let’s wait and see for the official announcement. VIA: Android Police Story Timeline Nexus Launcher will now be known as Pixel Launcher TAGS Android Apps launcher Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,395FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,272FollowersFollow 59,474SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (41) Post your comment Android whipping up something sweet to celebrate Androids eighth birthday 23 September 2016 Google has always loved to tease its fans. With the Pixel ad-teasers popping up all over, and its Pixel announcement happening on October 4, a new Chromecast, Googles home assistant, and smartwatches over the horizon, this new teaser could mean anything. Were whipping up something sweet for a big day tomorrow. 🎂 #Android pic.twitter.com/I4idH0F4am Android (@Android) September 23, 2016 Android turns eight years old today. Androids Twitter account tweeted that it is whipping something up for tomorrow (likely for the anniversary, hence the cake emoji). The picture has the Android guy (A.K.A. Bugdroid or sometimes Andy) holding cute little whisk and bowl with what looks like a couple of egg yolks. Next to him lays a pile of KitKats, marshmallows, and nougat. Strangely, Lollipop is missing. What could the teaser mean? Is Google going to do something involving past Android candies? At this point there are more questions than answers. What do you all think Android is up to? Do you know what the tweet means? We hope to find out tomorrow. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
null
Skip to navigation (Press Enter). Skip to sub navigation (Press Enter). Skip to main content (Press Enter). Home About About HC+T About Shel Holtz Services Speaking Social/Digital Media Employee communications Podcasting Services Coordinates Resources Link Blog Books Research and Statistics Blogs and Podcasts Mobile for Communicators Content Strategies and Media Companies Google+ Resources Social Media Primers Social Media Policies Social Media Access The Shel Holtz Daily Calendar Blog Chatbots Contact Friday Wrap #186: Bank ethics, AI messaging, live-streamed debates, declining Twitter spends, & more 2016-09-23 Posted on September 23, 2016 1:05 pm by Shel Holtz | Chatbots | The Workplace Experience | Economics | Content | Instagram | Visual Communication | Advertising | Audio | Brands | Business | Crisis Communication | Ethics | Facebook | Instant Messaging | Legal | Marketing | Media | Mobile | Podcasting | Politics | PR | Social Media | Twitter Kindle I extract items for the Friday Wrap from my link blog, which you’re welcome to follow.. To make sure you never miss an issue, subscribe to my weekly email briefing. News Facebook overestimated video viewing times—The average time Facebook has told advertisers people spent watching videos was seriously overestimated for the last two years. The excessive figure resulted from only counting videos seen for three or more seconds and didn’t factor in shorter views. “The miscalculation likely led to an overestimated viewing time of 60 to 80%,” according to C|Net, and may well have led advertisers to spend more than they otherwise would have. Facebook says it has fixed the problem and that it did not affect billing. The takeaway: Marketers should be looking at more metrics than those provided by Facebook (or other social sites). Conversion should be at the top of the list Read more The news just gets worse and worse for Wells Fargo—Half a dozen former Wells Fargo employees report they were fired after blowing the whistle on the fraud they saw occurring at the bank. Employees used an ethics hotline and called Human Resources to report the activities, after which they were terminated for reasons like tardiness. The workers are sure it was actually retaliation. The experience contradicts Wells Fargo’s CEO’s testimony before Congress, in which he said “Each team member, no matter where you are in the organization, is encouraged to raise their hands. We want to hear from them.” The takeaway: Ethical behavior is increasingly important to customers and investors. if you have an ethics hotline, take it seriously. If your values promote ethical behavior, leadership needs to walk the talk. Read more Google rolls out its AI-based messaging app—Allo is finally available. Announced at the last Google I/O developers conference, Allo features the Google Assistant, which uses AI, voice recognition, and natural-language processing to answer questions and respond to verbal and texted requests. The same technology is due to appear in a competitor to Amazon’s Echo. The takeaway: Google is late to a game that will be even harder for them to play given that the AI tool is tied into a messaging app that will have to compete with Messenger, WhatsApp, and a host of others that are also building AI-enhanced assistants into their systems. Still, I tried it out and it’s kinda cool. However, since only one person I know is using it, I won’t be opening it often as a messaging app, which limits the amount of utility it has as an assistant. Read more Yelp libel case to be heard by California Supreme Court—A lower court had ordered Yelp to delete comments from its site critical of a Bay Area law firm. The firm’s owner had sued the former client who had posted the negative reviews. The firm claimed the comments were inaccurate and defamatory and ordered her to remove them. When she didn’t, the firm sued for defamation and a judgment was entered against her. When an appeals court upheld the order, Yelp turned to the state Supreme Court even though it wasn’t a defendant in the case. With the support of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Twitter, and Pinterest—each of which wrote to the court—Yelp is claiming the order could “silence a vast quantity of protected and important speech.” The takeaway: It’s risky to go after people who post negative comments about your company. It’s better to respond directly than to be seen (no matter how inaccurately) as an obstacle to free expression. Read more Why Twitter’s NFL audience matters—Twitter earlier reported 2 million people tuned in to its first Thursday Night Football stream. In reality, just 243,000 people were watching at any given moment, on average. That compares to 15.4 million watching on television. The difference, though, is that completion rates on ads shown during the game hit 98%. The takeaway: Twitter has a lot of work to do to entice people to watch its streams; Yahoo’s live-stream of the game was seen by an average of 2.36 million people at any given moment. The ad completion rates are a silver lining on a very dark cloud. Read more Twitter will live-stream presidential debates—The first one conflicts with the NFL’s Monday Night Football, so we’ll have to see if it draws much of a viewing audience, but Twitter has announced it will live-stream the presidential debates. A live tweet-stream will accompany the video, and coverage will be bookended by commentary from Bloomberg Politics. The takeaway: There’s no doubting Twitter’s belief in the power of livestreaming news and sports events as a key element of their belief that people use Twitter for “right-now” information. Whether people will flock to Twitter for debates, though, is a big question, and if they can’t police the filth from the tweetstream, a lot of people may abandon it. (Unlike sports, debates are easy to watch on video, as I suspect a lot of Monday Night Football fans will.) Read more Big changes coming to LinkedIn—A redesign of LinkedIn is imminent, featuring new messaging features (including bots) and a simplified feed. The new look aims to make the desktop experience more consistent with the popular mobile app. The bots will focus on scheduling at first. LinkedIn was acquired recently by Microsoft, which is pushing its bot platform. LinkedIn is also introduction LinkedIn Learning, based on the company’s acquisition of Lynda.com. The takeaway: Anything that makes LinkedIn uniquely relevant to business people is a good thing. Lately I have seen way too many posts on LinkedIn that are more suited to Facebook. While these new features don’t directly address that problem, if there is more business utility that is easier to use, then more business-focused users should spend more time on the network. Read more Marketers plan to spend less on Twitter—An influential analyst has downgraded Twitter shares to “underperform” as marketing departments plan to decrease their ad spends on Twitter for the first time. Marketers who do spend money on Twitter “aren’t getting a lot of bang for their buck.” The takeaway: Don’t write Twitter off yet, and don’t dismiss a spend on promoted tweets if you know your audience is there. It also continues to be a key source of news and the primary channel for journalists. It is not, however, a place to put all your eggs. Things will get worse before (and if) they get better. Read more YouTube invests in social good—YouTube is committing $1 million in equipment and production grants to its Creators for Change, a group of YouTube creators who use their channels to focus on social issues. The first six program ambassadors are charged with “fostering productive dialogue around these topics through the videos they create.” The takeaway: Most YouTube comment fields are cesspools. Anything that inspires purposeful conversation is a good thing. Also, as consumers grow more concerned with organizations that exist to do good, not just make money, investing in creators who promote social good may attract some viewers (and advertisers). Read more Instagram now lets you save posts to send later—“Drafts” is now a feature everyone can use on Instagram. You can start work on a post, tap the back button and you’ll be asked whether you want to save the photo in your drafts. Saved drafts show up in a special section of your library when you next open the app. The takeaway: Making things easier for users is always a good idea. For busy communicators, it’ll be great to start a post that you can finish later when you’re interrupted. Read more YouTube also invests in comment moderators—They’re called YouTube Heroes, moderators who will earn rewards for reporting bad comments, writing accurate subtitles, and answering forum questions. They’ll have no actual power over the site; that still falls to YouTube employees who will remove the flagged comments and approve improved subtitles. The takeaway: I wish them luck. As noted above, something needs to be done to address the truly awful comments so many people leave on YouTube videos. Read more Chipotle has a content marketing plan to bring customers back—Former Chipotle customers who loved the fresh burritos made from locally-sourced ingredients haven’t flocked back following the company’s E. coli crisis. The company is turning to content to restore confidence in the safety of its food, including newspaper and digital ads that go into detail about the steps the company has taken since the outbreak. The takeaway: Paid media makes sense, but I’m surprised there’s no influence marketing to accompany the ads. If someone I trust tells me the food is safe, it will go further than the company telling me. Read more Trends Real-time marketing is on its way out—That may be a big of an overstatement, but the efforts of companies to blast out oh-so-clever tweets based on breaking news or cultural events may be grinding to a halt. Donald Trump Jr., son of the Republican presidential nominee, tweeted an image of a bowl of Skittles with the note, “If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you. Would you take a handful? That’s our Syrian refugee problem.” Mars, the candy company that makes Skittles, might well have been expected to take advantage of that newsmaking tweet. Instead, after waiting a while, the company responded: “Skittles are candy. Refugees are people. We don’t feel it’s an appropriate analogy. We will respectfully refrain from further commentary as anything we say could be misinterpreted as marketing.” The response was widely praised and some have suggested that it could signal the welcome demise of that particular brand of real-time marketing. The takeaway: We can only hope. After all, nobody will ever achieve another Oreos “dunk in the dark” moment, and these clever tweets do nothing to build long-term relationships. See my latest “Shrink-Wrap” video for more. Read more AI churns out a Beatles-inspired song—“Daddy’s Car” is a catchy tune, which is a bit creepy given that it was written entirely by artificial intelligence. The takeaway: Not too long ago, I reported on IBM’s AI engine, Watson, creating a movie trailer. In the meantime, AI is already writing stories about minor-league baseball games for Associated Press. While most of the conversation is about robots taking low-paying jobs, some creative work will also get assigned to AI, which no doubt could crank out a press release given enough information from which to draw. Read more Millennials now drive corporate culture—It has now been a while since Millennials became the largest part of the workforce, and more than half are moving into leadership roles. Deloitte (along with the Billie Jean King Leadership Initiative) reports in a white paper that Millennia values are now permeating organization cultures. Profit is secondary to this demographic, according to the study, as Millennials believe profit shouldn’t be the primary reason for businesses to exist. Instead, nearly 2/3 say they chose their employer because “it seemed purpose-driven.” Only 20% of those who chose an employer that lacked a sense of purpose are satisfied. Another key finding: Millennials love technology and are frustrated at the slow pace of development or adoption of tools that make it easier to get work done. Also, flexible working conditions and work/life integration” are the top ways for organizations to change in order to improve retention. The takeaway: Don’t wait for Millennials to take over your company’s senior leadership positions. These are the people you’re trying to attract and retain. Your employer brand (based on the company culture) needs to reflect values that are important to the workforce you need. Read more More evidence of audio’s importance—Audio is the poor stepchild of marketing channels, but brands that use it well find they get amazing results. For example, Kentucky Fried Chicken’s ads target our autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR), in which a pleasurable feeling is activated by sounds like “whispering voices, makeup brushes buffing at skin, nails scratching across cardboard.” In KFC’s case, it’s the also the sound of biting into a piece of chicken. Google notes there are more ASMR searches on YouTube than for “candy” or “chocolate;” 5.2 million videos feature ASMR. There are even ASMR influencers (one has more than a half-million subscribers). The takeaway: ASMR is absolutely fascinating. I wasted a lot of time tracking down videos that feature the technique. Its use may be limited, but that doesn’t mean you can’t find times you’ll want to give it a try. Read more Brands are embracing Twitter’s new customer service tools—The update to Twitter’s customer service tools—notably a “Provides Support” button customers can tap or click to initiate a conversation—is being adopted by companies that provide customer support on the messaging/networking platform. Delta, T=-Mobile, and United are among the companies that have activated the feature on their accounts. The takeaway: You need to provide customer support through Twitter and Facebook, since a lot of people prefer to initiate their support sessions through these social channels. The new tools are free. Use them. (No doubt the more companies that activate the features, the more people will use twitter for customer support, leading more people to subscribe to the service so it’s available to them for support purposes.) Read more Research We unlike people who give us critical feedback—“People tend to movie away from those who provide feedback that is more negative than their view of themselves,” writes Francesca Gino, a professor at Harvard Business School, based on a study she conducted. “They do not listen to their advice and prefer to stop interacting with them altogether. It seems that people tend to strengthen their bonds with people who only see their positive qualities.” The takeaway: There are certainly lessons to be taken from the study for managers in the workplace, but the same circumstances could inform your communication and social media efforts. Reinforce the positive qualities your customers see in themselves and you could strengthen the bond you have with them. Read more Companies suck at listening to customers—Well over 90% of business executives know that listening to customer feedback is vital to the bottom line and 89% believe instant customer feedback is critical, more than a quarter don’t use real-time feedback tools. The takeaway: Half of communication is listening but I can’t think of an organization that devotes half its communication budget to it. Ditto employee feedback for internal communicators. Read more Customer support phone conversations still matter—I have seen data that shows most people want customer support through social media, but that data conflicts with research from Cogito that argues “phone professionals” continue to be the heart of the customer relationship: Three-quarters of consumers prefer to speak with a live individual. The study found that “establishing a more personalized rapport, and better awareness of the customers’ perception within a call are critical to delivering positive outcomes.” The takeaway: Every employee is responsible for the Customer Experience, and that includes recognizing the need connect emotionally with the customer. This is as true for content aimed at customers as it is for customer service reps who take customers’ calls. Read more On the other hand, 90% of consumers want to text with brands—Here’s what I mean by contradictory research. Cloud communications platform company Twilio has released research results that found 9 out of 10 consumers want to use messaging to communicate with brands. I’m not sure how that squares with the two-thirds who want to talk to a human being from the item directly above this one, but either way, you have to be good at both. The average consumer has three messaging apps on thier phone’s home screen and use three different messaging apps each week. They also prefer messaging at least three times more than face-to-face; among Millennials, that jumps to eight times more than face-to-face. Sixty-six percent of consumers prefer to reach brands or be reached by them via messaging than any other means. The takeaway: Messaging is the new normal. I’m willing to bet your organization is well behind the curve in tapping into this trend. The research from twilio found that less than half the businesses it surveyed have the infrastructure to meet the demand from consumers. Read more Does podcast advertising work?—We know that podcast listeners are very loyal to their shows, but does that loyalty extend to the products and services they advertise? Not much, according to a study by Edison Research and the Interactive Advertising Bureau. The study found only 8% of respondents said they bought an item or service after hearing an ad or sponsor spot on a podcast. However, 45% said they visited a brand’s website and 42% said they considered the product; 37% collected more information. The takeaway: Those are good numbers. As people get accustomed to hearing ads on podcasts, the site visits could lead to more conversions. You have to wonder, though, if they justify the cost of ads on the most popular podcasts, which are several multiples more than other forms of digital advertising. Read more Paid social outperforms organic—I reported last week that most marketers—in the 90% range—are sticking with organic Facebook posts, but a study from research firm Clutch finds that paid social media is better at helping businesses achieve their goals. Nearly 60% of respondents said they agreed with this statement: “Paid social is more effective than organic social.” Only 8% of respondents disagreed with the statement. (The rest were neutral.) Thirty-nine percent of respondents said they use mostly organic with some paid social media; 35% use paid and organic equally. Only 13% use only organic and 1% use only paid. Facebook dominates among the networks used at 66% followed by YouTube, Twitter, and LinkedIn, all in the low 30% range. The takeaway: The line between paid and earned media has been obliterated. Boosting posts and buying attention is now a requirement. If you haven’t paid to boost a post, give it a try. You may be amazed at the results. Read more Mobile and Wearables Polling and payment features come to Messenger—Facebook Messenger is adding polling and money prompt features as part of its bid to “become a central up for people’s daily activities and interactions.” Polls only appear in the group you’re currently chatting with. Machine learning is behind the payment feature; Messenger will understand you’re asking for money and display a pop-up the person who owes the money can use to pay it. The takeaway: Messenger aims to be the WeChat of the West. With over a billion users, it’s well on its way, which means businesses should be figuring out how they fit into Facebook’s messaging ecosystem. Read more Instagram tweaks its call-to-action button—Instagram is rolling out four improvements to its advertising services, notably a call-to-action button that will do a better job of attracting users’ attention. In tests, the larger button improved performance 45%. Other improvements include what happens when you unmute a video: You’ll be taken to the destination URL “while the video continues to play at the top of the screen. Now people can explore, browse, and take action on a landing page while continuing to watch the video.” The takeaway: It’s not discussed as much as some other channels, but Instagram is a massive powerhouse for marketers. If you haven’t been directing any dollars toward Instagram, these improvements masy be enough to push you over the edge. Read more We use apps on mobile devices far more than the mobile web—Adult mobile phone users spend nearly two hours daily using apps, compared to only 19 minutes on the mobile web. App use is growing while mobile web use is declining. The takeaway: Keep in mind that Messenger, WhatsApp and other messaging tools that have grown incredibly popular are apps, so mobile messaging is part of this equation. As a result, so is chatbot usage. So rather than get excited at the prospect of deploying more apps (people install an average of zero new apps each month), focus on how to be effective in the messaging space. Read more Chatbots The bot economy is outpacing the app economy—Citigroup analyst Mark May pointed out that the bot economy is growing much more quickly in its early days than the app economy did. “There is significant potential for bots to become an everyday-technology,” May said, just as apps did. He shared two charts, one showing more bots created in the first 90 and 120 days than there were apps during the same period, another demonstrating that nearly 20,000 more developers are creating bots than were involved in developing apps during the early months of their availability. The takeaway: The best way to get acquainted with bots is to start using them. May I suggest Purple, a project by a graduate of CUNY’s entrepreneurial journalism program? Read more Al Jazeera English the latest news organization to launch a bot—I already get CNN news delivered by a Messenger chatbot. I’ll probably add the new Al Jazeera English bot. While CNN sends me a daily update, pushing a carousel of news items to me via Messenger, Al Jazeera English promises to “deliver the right news at the right time” by letting users customize the categories of news that interest them and the frequency with which they’ll deliver breaking news items. The customization occurs as soon as you follow the bot, which asks a series of questions to build your profile. The takeaway: Seriously, folks, if your company distributes news releases, the time to start building a news bot is now, even if it’s aimed at journalists covering your company, shareholders, employees, and other targeted audiences rather than the general public. Read more Fashion industry goes nuts for chatbots—Tommy Hilfiger, Burberry, Jack Threads and other fashion houses are diving into chatbots in order to give fans an in-store experience online and give the companies the chance to speak one-on-one with customers. One CEO called the chatbot experience “intimate.” The takeaway: Marketers tend to keep an eye on the fashion industry as trendsetters. This is one of those times. Read more Cool Ideas Marriott opens an upside-down hotel room—The #MGravityRoom at a New York Marriott hotel is upside down: a chair, desk and bed hang from the wall on one side “so when you walk in and take a picture, it appears as though you are on the room’s ceiling.” The idea is to show off a new room design. Guests are encouraged to visit the room and share the pictures they take. The takeaway: I would visit the room if I were nearby, and I would share the pictures online. Wouldn’t you? Read more Delete a foot photo from Instagram and Land O’Lakes will make a donation—“Delete to Feed” is a campaign that raises money for Feeding America. Delete one photo of food from your Instagram account and Land O’Lakes will donate 11 meals to the hungry. You have to visit the Delete to Feed website first to connect your account. The goal: 2.75 million meals. The takeaway: This is an example of slacktivism that produces a tangible result. It’s also an example of a company demonstrating its commitment to social good in a way that will resonate with people who actively participate. And who doesn’t have a food photo you could stand to get rid of? Read more This week’s wrap image is from National Marine Sanctuaries’ Flickr account. It’s “an unnamed seamount never before surveyed in Papahanamokuakea Marine National Monuement.” The seastar is wrapped around it. 09/23/16 | 0 Comments | Friday Wrap #186: Bank ethics, AI messaging, live-streamed debates, declining Twitter spends, & more Comment Form Enter Your Comment: Your Name: Your Email: Location: URL: Remember my personal information Notify me of follow-up comments? What is the four-letter acronym for the International Association of Business Communicators? Please enter the acronym below: « Back Email: .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) Phone: +1.415.881.7435 Cell: 925.864.2249 Skype: shelholtz Twitter: @shelholtz E-Newsletter Sign Up For timely updates, please join our newsletter list: Subscribe to HC+T Update, Shel Holtz’s email newsletter. Categories Sort by Category: --Select Category-- Employee Engagement (4)Chatbots (25)Virtual and Augmented Reality (46)Management (9)The Workplace Experience (39)Sharing and Collaborating (31)Economics (6)Content (201)Instagram (92)Healthcare (10)Visual Communication (112)Wearables (20)Pinterest (52)Advertising (126)Attention (23)Audio (34)Augmented Reality (25)Blogging (453)Books (39)Brands (226)Business (451)Channels (77)Content Curation (53)crayon (3)Crisis Communication (123)Customer Service (64)Death Watch (20)Edge Content (4)Ethics (86)External (113)Facebook (239)For Immediate Release (1388)FriendFeed (1)Geek Dinners (3)Gamification (26)General (232)IABC (40)Google+ (30)Instant Messaging (19)Internal (249)Deconstructing Larkin (11)Intranets (70)Legal (77)Listing (1)Location-based Services (24)Marketing (332)Measurement (77)Media (304)Mobile (218)Monitoring (21)New Media (32)Participatory Communication (32)Podcasting (190)Pointers (10)Politics (62)PR (336)Presentations (11)Publishing (62)QR Codes (25)Research (173)RSS (65)Search (42)Second Life (36)Skype (12)SNCR (11)Social Media (645)Social Networking (81)Social networks (107)Speaking (10)Tagging and Microformats (4)Technology (257)Transparency (40)Trust (37)Twitter (205)Video (134)Web (79)Web3D (3)Widgets (7)Wikis (31)Wireless (8)Writing and Editing (23) Connect             HC+T on Google+  Follow @shelholtz My Pitch Policy Upcoming Engagements Calendar RSS » Latest Podcast Episodes For Immediate Release A weekly podcast for professional communicators from Shel Holtz, ABC and Neville Hobson, ABC. November 16, 2016 #125: John Dunlap & Marty Desrochers on Revenue Management Strategies Based on the Theme Park Industry November 15, 2016 For Immediate Release Interview: Simon Worsfold on Risk of Communicating Outside Work Hours November 15, 2016 DIGITAL INDIA #076 : INDIA’S DIGITAL ERA OF MONEY IS HERE November 15, 2016 Episode #12: How are you engaging your company's millennials? November 14, 2016 For Immediate Release #61: The Election Episode November 14, 2016 Inside PR 457: Close-hold embargos Podcast Feed »   ©2016 Holtz Communications + Technology | Sitemap | Terms of Use | Site by NetRaising This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License
null
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Salesforce Buying Twitter Would Make Perfect Sense subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1 . Caption: Christie Hemm Klok/WIRED Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 09.23.16. 09.23.16 Time of Publication: 6:50 pm. 6:50 pm Salesforce Buying Twitter Would Make Perfect Sense Christie Hemm Klok/WIRED If you’re wondering why on Earth Salesforce might want to buy Twitter, Vala Afshar, the enterprise company’s “chief digital evangelist,” has a few reasons. Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Afshar quickly added that he was tweeting a personal opinion and not confirming today’s rumors that Salesforce is interested in acquiring the struggling social media platform. As for his employer, it most definitely had nothing to say. But he’s right. Salesforce started out selling “customer relationship management” software–tools that lets sales departments organize notes about customers and prospective customers. It is so much more than that now, and wants to be an artificial intelligence company on par with Facebook and Google. Twitter could help with that.   Twitter has long resisted surrendering its independence, but selling out makes sense. About 313 million people use the service each month, which sounds like a lot until you realize Instagram (owned by Facebook) and Snapchat are as big or bigger, and Facebook dwarfs them all with 1.65 billion monthly users. Twitter’s earnings rose last quarter, but remain well behind those of Facebook. Instagram claims to have doubled ad sales in the past six months. Simply put, Twitter lags behind in sales and growth. That’s never a good place to be, especially in Silicon Valley. But all of the things that ought to motivate Twitter to sell make others wary of buying. Twitter has a market cap of $16 billion, which is a lot to pay for a company that’s struggling to attract users and sales. Google is the most obvious savior. It has tried and tried and tried to figure out social media, to little avail. (Google Buzz, anyone? How about Orkut? Google+?) Twitter might not be Facebook, but it does have a large and devoted user base. Google could use its vast advertising operation to wring profits out of Twitter, and use Android—the world’s most popular smartphone operating system—to promote Twitter’s mobile app. But the European Union’s antitrust case over Android and a similar investigation in the US could make it hard to capitalize on Twitter. As for Salesforce, well, it already tried to buy LinkedIn (Microsoft got it), so it clearly wants a social network. It offers customer service software, market research tools, email marketing systems, and other products. Many of them already use social media. If you’ve ever tweeted a complaint about a company and received a response post-haste, you’ve seen how social networks play into Salesforce’s plans. Bringing Twitter in-house would facilitate building tools that connect sales, marketing and customer service clients directly to Twitter, providing deeper integration with its products. But Salesforce wants to do more than help customers monitor social media for @mentions. Earlier this year it acquired MetaMind, a company that specializes in deep learning–the branch of AI that Google, Facebook and Microsoft are dumping boatloads of money into. Salesforce hopes its “Einstein” project brings AI to all of its products. The idea is that AI could help sales departments identify which leads are most likely to buy, help marketers determine which products will sell, and help customers build AI-driven applications. Doing this will require enormous amounts of data. Twitter isn’t the biggest player in this game, but it still produces staggering quantities of data. That can only help Salesforce. None of this may be enough to justify the expense of buying a company that has all but stalled. But the entire tech sector is diving headlong into AI. Google and Facebook may not compete directly with Salesforce today, but they may tomorrow. Buying Twitter is a hedge against that. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs Security Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs 8 hours Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 1 day How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet Movies How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet 5 hours John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 2 days Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets books Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets 8 hours Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 1 day DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 22 hours The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed TV The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed 23 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 8 hours Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 1 day Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Artificial Intelligence OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips 1 day Election 2016 How Pollsters Missed the ‘Bowling Alone’ Voters That Handed Trump the Presidency 1 day Culture Podcast A Tribe Called Quest’s New Record Is Awesome. National Politics? Not So Much 1 hour We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.


null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Google to open Oakland tech lab next month: report Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Metallica’s new album Sheen’s ex, kids missing Hayward native is Sexiest man alive Ozumo closing Staircase murder Megyn Kelly on Trump Business Google to open Oakland tech lab next month: report Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) A computer science student works on coding during a class from Level Playing Field Institute’s SMASH Academy at U.C. Berkeley on Wednesday, July 16, 2014 in Berkeley, Calif. (Aric Crabb/Bay Area News Group) By Ethan Baron | ebaron@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: September 23, 2016 at 2:59 pm | UPDATED: September 24, 2016 at 6:38 am Amid criticism that Silicon Valley tech is far too white, Google is seeking to add some diversity to the talent pipeline, according to a report this week. The Mountain View tech giant is working with MIT’s Media Lab to “mentor the next generation of African-American and Latino computer scientists” at a facility in Oakland, USA Today reported Wednesday. At “Code Next,” Google will present an “engaging” after-school program for middle-school students, as the Oakland Unified School District is boosting its computer science programming for pupils in those grades, the district’s computer sciences manager told the newspaper. Sixty percent of Silicon Valley tech workers are white and 23 percent are Asian, while only 8 percent are Latino and 7 percent are black, according to a recent PBS report. And Google, which reports on the diversity of its workforce, is 59 percent white and 32 percent Asian, but only 3 percent Latino and 2 percent black. “This is the first time Google is venturing into Oakland where African Americans and Latinos make up more than half of residents,” the USA Today article said. “It’s one of a growing number of Silicon Valley companies establishing a beachhead there in an effort to hire more African-American and Latino workers amid growing criticism of their hiring practices.” The most prominent tech firm to have previously announced plans for Oakland facilities is Uber, which is slated to move into the Sears building next year. However, Uber’s reason for entering Oakland is not necessarily diversity-based: the Mercury News reported in July that Uber had “said little in regard to community outreach or diversity.” Google has leased space for the program in the Fruitvale Transit Village, near the Fruitvale BART station, according to the San Francisco Business Times, which reported that the facility will be used for teaching students about technology and entrepreneurship. Google did not comment on the lab to USA Today or the San Francisco Business Times, according to their articles. Tags:  Google Ethan Baron Ethan Baron is a business reporter at The Mercury News, and a native of Silicon Valley before it was Silicon Valley. Baron has worked as a reporter, columnist, editor and photographer in newspapers and magazines for 25 years, covering business, politics, social issues, crime, the environment, outdoor sports, war and humanitarian crises. Follow Ethan Baron @ethanbaron Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Oakland: Woman charged with killing Berkeley teacher, wife, son, then setting home ablaze Bay Area public schools: Superintendent’s pay package ‘excessive,’ tops $400K Pittsburg police to issue citation on banner with racial slur Alameda Co. Public Defender seeks judicial action over court snafus Commuter ferry service from Richmond launched Ozumo, pioneering Oakland restaurant, is closing Montclair man sentenced for wife’s staircase murder Kaepernick didn’t vote because he couldn’t vote More in Technology Biz Break: Is Apple getting into glasses? Will new Nintendo NES Classic’s show up? November 16, 2016, 5:42 am Could Apple have digital glasses in the works? Will Nintendo fix the dearth of its new NES Classic game consoles? Snowden’s Oakland speech: Trump, privacy, dangerous technology November 16, 2016, 3:48 am The controversial whistleblower addressed a crowd Tuesday during Fusion media‘s second annual Real Future Fair at the Oakland Museum of California. Activist investor Starboard buys a stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise November 14, 2016, 2:04 pm There was Yahoo. There was Depomed. There was Marvell Technology. And now, with a new investment in Hewlett Packard Enterprise, activist investor Starboard Value Fund appears to be going for a grand slam of cage-rattling among Bay Area businesses this year. ‘Grandma’s’ garage that housed Nest holds lure for new startups November 14, 2016, 1:29 pm Nearly a dozen tech companies, many of them successes, got their start in the downtown Palo Alto space owned by a quirky, 88-year-old landlady. That history has been a draw for new entrepreneurial tenants. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Social Media > Google and Salesforce are reportedly interested in… Google and Salesforce are reportedly interested in acquiring Twitter By Kyle Wiggers — September 23, 2016 2:33 PM vdovichenko/123RF Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends If reports on Friday are to be believed, it won’t be long before Twitter finds itself in the clutches of a cash-rich corporate overlord. According to Recode, Google and Salesforce have expressed interest in buying the beleaguered social network to the tune of billions of dollars. And the deal’s moving fast — formal bids may be submitted in a matter of weeks. Twitter’s board of directors is spearheading the acquisition effort, Recode reports. It’s seeking at least $30 billion, although the exact number is reportedly in flux. Conversations are “picking up momentum,” the publication reported, and an announcement is expected “before year-end.” Rumors of a buyout drove the social network’s stock price to record highs — it was up as high as 20 percent in morning trading — on Friday. Related: Twitter has finally made it possible to post longer tweets Twitter’s suitors reportedly see as much value in its data as in its brand recognition. Salesforce and Google both stand to benefit from the social media network’s fire hose of real-time information. Einstein, Salesforce’s artificially intelligent management software that automates tasks with a combination of machine learning, natural language processing, and contextual analysis, requires vast amounts of data to calibrate. So, too, do Google’s myriad artificial intelligence software — the search firm said that a single component of an image recognition algorithm requires “tens of thousands” of data samples. Data isn’t Twitter’s only draw. It’s focused concertedly on improving tools for businesses that interact with customers on the platform. Earlier this year, it rolled out a dedicated webpage from which spokespeople can directly message users and update hours of support availability. And in October, it partnered with Oracle, Sprout, and others to build “Twitter-based customer service products” capable of “search[ing] and surfac[ing] relationships between business and customers.” Ev Williams, former Twitter CEO and co-founder, spoke to the company’s efforts at a Recode event last year. “In 2008 or 2009, before we monetized at all, we saw 1 million people sign up to follow Starbucks,” he said. “Now it’s a major source for customer service and marketing.” Related: Twitter has a white supremacist problem, claims new study That momentum has unsurprisingly piqued the interest of Salesforce’s higher-ups. The company commands an 18.4 percent share of the customer relationship management (CRM) market — far and away the largest of any firm in the category. Twitter’s strength in data and CRM doesn’t discount its raw reach, though. The social network generates a deluge of 500 million tweets a day and attracts, on average, from more than 500 million users each month. Notable events occasionally boost those numbers to nearly inconceivable heights: During the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final, 618,725 tweets were sent in a single minute, and one of the most retweeted messages of all time — a selfie capture by comedian Ellen DeGeneres at the 2014 Academy Awards — was shared more than 3.33 million times. For Google, which has repeatedly tried — and failed — to challenge social media incumbents like Facebook, that sort of built-in growth is likely attractive. One of the company’s first forays into networking, the microblogging Google Buzz, was marred almost immediately by controversy: By default, it publicly disclosed a list of users’ most frequently emailed contacts. Subsequent updates allowed users to disable that feature, but negative publicity generated by a string of class-action lawsuits, public condemnation from privacy groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission made the project untenable. In 2011, Google announced that it was shuttering Buzz permanently to focus on “future” efforts. Related: Twitter launches live Rio Olympics moments, and a barrage of new emojis One of those efforts, Google+, went on to experience some success. Google’s first fully featured social network offered, like Facebook, the ability to share photos, videos, events, and status updates with friends. It also allowed users to instantly text and video chat with groups of friends via the companion messaging app Hangouts. But its defining feature was Circles, communities organized around topics, friend groups, or family. In contrast to networks like Facebook and Twitter, which encouraged a public sharing, Circles conferred a degree of control — users could share updates to a particular group rather than every follower under the sun. Despite Google+’s competitiveness, the platform never managed to gain traction — The New York Times reported that last year, roughly half of its 540 million active monthly users didn’t visit or use it regularly. In subsequent months, Google attempted to reinvigorate the network’s growth by integrating many of the social features of YouTube, its video-sharing website, but those efforts backfired: hundreds of thousands of YouTube users protested the requirement to create a Google+ account in order to comment on videos. Google eventually reversed the change. Posting a comment on YouTube no longer requires a Google+ account. In 2015, Google took a different, more palatable tact: a redesign of Google+ that emphasized Communities, or interest groups, and Collections, Pinterest-inspired web bookmarks of photos organized around a topic. But growth hasn’t come. According to an analysis conducted by research firm Stone Temple, more than 90 percent of Google+ accounts have never made a single public post, and only between 4 million to 6 million people engage with any of the social network’s content. Related: Alexa can now read you tweets from your Twitter timeline Google’s other efforts have seen even less success. Orkut, a social media network designed to “help users meet new and old friends and maintain existing relationships,” reached 100 million members at its peak. Facebook, by comparison, has more than 1.55 billion active users. Google’s drive toward a platform with critical mass aligns with its bread-and-butter business: advertising. And in that regard, Twitter’s a goldmine. In the past year alone, ad engagements — or every instance a user views or clicks on a sponsored post — grew 208 percent year-on-year. Twitter commands a 0.9 percent share of the digital ad market. And despite a second quarter with “less advertiser demand than expected,” Twitter posted revenue of $602 million — largely derived from advertising. But Twitter isn’t without baggage. Related: The Twitter verdict: NFL live-stream reaches 2 million viewers, hailed a resounding success Despite attracting more than 1.3 billion registered accounts and 313 million active users, Twitter has struggled to carve out a profitable niche in the social media fabric. It’s been beset by disappointing earnings and stagnating growth, much of which its shareholders blame on an “intimidating” level of complexity. The network has attempted to make sense of its never-ending tweet flood with tools like Highlights, which curates a selection of the most important tweets of the day the day from your feed, and a “while you were away” feature that recaps tweets users might otherwise miss. And in September, it introduced the ability to submit tweets longer than 140 characters in length, a longtime frustration of new users. Twitter has also made strides in ensuring users aren’t quick to leave its pages. It recruited payments platform Stripe to launch a “buy” button within certain tweets — users can purchase products directly from on smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices. It launched an ephemeral video platform in the form of Vine, and a live-streaming solution in Periscope. It debuted Moments, a curated feed of newsworthy topics that lets users follow trending events, last year. And in July, it signed a deal with Pac-12 Networks to live-stream hundreds of college sports events — following a similar arrangement with the NFL. The network’s other television partners include the CBS, NBC and Bloomberg, and it’s reportedly negotiating with as many as 10 others. Related: Looking to watch the presidential debates? Just head over to Twitter But there haven’t been fixes as quick in store for Twitter’s other problems. Investors have pointed to the network’s failure to stem hate speech and abuse as a major deterrent to its growth. Twitter so far has attempted to fix that problem with tools, most visibly in the form of automatic filters that use “signals … such as account origin and behavior” to automatically hide suspicious, abusive, and duplicate tweets. Separately, Twitter rolled out a toggleable “quality filter” last year that removed tweets identified as offensive or threatening. Activists have so far been critical of Twitter’s anti-abuse efforts — one, a former employee who spoke to BuzzFeed, called it a “honeypot for assholes.” It’s an image problem with which Twitter’s new owner will have to contend. It’s too early to call a likely winning bidder, but Google appears to have a better shot. It announced a partnership with Twitter in May that saw real-time shares from Twitter added to a scrollable carousel in search results — the second such partnership between the two companies in the past five years. And perhaps more importantly, Google has the cash on hand to finance the acquisition — as much as $73.1 billion, by one estimate. Related: Governments are requesting more Twitter user data than ever before It would be a slightly more difficult bid for Salesforce, and would qualify as the largest acquisition in the firm’s history, as well as a bit of a stretch: The company has made $4 billion in buys in the first six months of this year, TechCrunch reports, and has cash reserves around half of Twitter’s current market capitalization. The dust likely won’t clear until later this year, when formal bids are expected to be announced, but there’s potential for a shake-up. Recode reports that Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Disney, News Corp, Comcast, and Verizon have expressed acquisition interest at one point or another. Also watch: Google, Chrysler team up to create the ultimate self-driving car? Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Social Networking BusinessSocial Networking Twitter in discussions for possible sale to… Google?! By Todd Haselton | September 23, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Twitter is reportedly in discussions with at least two companies for a potential sale, according to CNBC. Among the companies are Salesforce.com and, perhaps more intriguing, Google. Google, as you may know, has failed to kickstart its own social networks including the now-defunct Google Wave and Google+, the latter of which isn’t as popular as social networks such as Twitter or Facebook. News of the potential acquisition talks drove shares of Twitter skyrocketing this morning, but CNBC warns that discussions are still early and that there isn’t yet an offer, though Twitter “may receive a formal bid shortly.” Salesforce.com and Google are reportedly interested in Twitter’s “data,” which makes sense especially given data is the entire foundation on which Google operates. Twitter would also give its acquirer a step into the world of media, a deeper understanding into what millions of people are talking about, access to streaming media such as NFL Thursday Night football rights and more. It’s unclear what sort of deal may appear; Twitter’s current market cap is $15.6 billion. Source CNBC Topics #Twitter #Google #Twitter Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Home About us Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies Twitter’s Stock Soars on Another Takeover Rumor Companies Twitter’s Stock Soars on Another Takeover Rumor By Emel Akan, Epoch Times | September 23, 2016 AT 6:50 PM Last Updated: September 25, 2016 5:33 pm The Twitter logo at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Nov. 7, 2013. Shares of Twitter soared 20 percent on Sept. 23, 2016 over takeover rumors. (Emmanuel Dunan/AFP/Getty Images) Shares of Twitter soared nearly 20 percent on Sept. 23, on takeover rumors. Salesforce.com and Google could be interested in buying the social network, according to a CNBC report. Twitter Inc. (TWTR:NYSE) had lost more than 50 percent of value since its initial public offering in Dec. 2013, giving it a market value of about $13 billion as of Sept. 22, making it an attractive acquisition target. On Friday, Twitter gained nearly $3 billion in market value after the rumors of a potential takeover by Salesforce and Google emerged. Salesforce.com’s stock was down 5.5 percent and Google’s share price stayed flat. Twitter’s share price has been under pressure since April of last year. The company is lagging far behind rival Facebook in key metrics such as user growth. Twitter’s share price performance since its IPO in Nov. 2013. (Source: Yahoo finance) In July, the 10-year-old messaging platform announced it reached 313 million monthly active users. In comparison, Facebook has 1.7 billion users. The company announced disappointing results in the second quarter on July 26. It missed estimates on revenue, growing only 20 percent year-on-year in the second quarter compared to 36 percent growth in the first quarter. Advertising revenue, the company’s most important revenue segment deteriorated significantly. The management’s third-quarter guidance suggested recent challenges would likely remain. Salesforce.com’s chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted “Why @twitter?” on his twitter feed on Friday morning, triggering takeover rumors. Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Later, he posted another tweet stating that they were his personal views about Twitter. I have tweeted my personal views regarding ‘Why Twitter?’ numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter. — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Goldman Sachs stated in a report that Twitter has multiple avenues for new revenue as well as the potential to be acquired by another company, a couple of reasons why investors can buy the stock. Editor’s Picks Grassroots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change ‘Human Rights is Part of the DNA of America’: An Interview with Gary Locke on Hillary Clinton, China, and the 2016 Election Transcending the Partisan Mind Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesHow a New App Takes On Traditional Stock BrokeragesTwitter’s Chief Operating Officer Steps Down as Company FaltersUS Stocks Surge Following Trump Victory; Bond Prices TumbleToblerone Fans Are Outraged at Recent Shape Change Latest in Business Markets Is Self Driving Technology Already Making Us Safer? Markets Marketing to Hispanics via Cultural Heritage Investment Conscious Capital Is Changing How Finance Functions Companies How a New App Takes On Traditional Stock Brokerages Companies Twitter’s Chief Operating Officer Steps Down as Company Falters Markets Shares Stage Swift Rebound as Markets Shake Off Trump Fears Markets Stock Markets Rise as Investors Warm to Trump Presidency Companies US Stocks Surge Following Trump Victory; Bond Prices Tumble Markets Trump’s Conciliatory Speech Helps Soothe Market Concerns × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-16 Jill Duggar Counting On Days To El Salvador, Attends Derick Dillard Family Wedding With Baby After Jinger And Jeremy Set Off To Honeymoon Entertainment 2016-11-16 Jazz Legend Mose Allison Joins The Long List Of Musicians Lost In 2016 Entertainment 2016-11-15 Michael J. Fox Played Guitar With Dave Matthews Band: Rock On, McFly Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-16 Kaitlyn George Update: University Of Maryland Student Found Safe [Breaking News] News 2016-11-16 Steve Bannon Reported To FBI For Breaking Campaign Finance Laws News 2016-11-16 Ivanka Trump Jewelry: $10,800 Bracelet ‘Style Alert’ Ad From ’60 Minutes’ Interview Brings Controversy And Apology [Video] News 2016-11-16 ‘Deadliest Catch’ Jake Harris Recovers From Severe Beating — Police Arrest Couple That Robbed, Beat Him And Left Him For Dead Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-16 Hello Games Employees Leaving ‘No Man’s Sky’: Is Game Doomed? Gaming 2016-11-16 Play ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ For Free This Weekend On PlayStation 4 And PC, Xbox One Free Weekend Coming Soon Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Conan Exiles’ Impresses With 360 Degree Screenshots, On Track For January Early Access Gaming 2016-11-15 Sombra Boops Into ‘Overwatch,’ New Hero, Map, And Arcade Mode Now Live BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Twitter Buyout: Here’s Why Buying The Micro-Blogging Platform With Stagnated Metrics Makes Perfect Sense For Google Or Salesforce Business 2 0 0 September 23, 2016 Twitter Buyout: Here’s Why Buying The Micro-Blogging Platform With Stagnated Metrics Makes Perfect Sense For Google Or Salesforce Patrick Frye Twitter might be up for sale and companies like Google, Salesforce, and even Facebook are said to be in talks about a buyout bid, indicated sources with knowledge about the developments. While there is no official confirmation from any of the companies, Twitter is a great buy considering the less-than-ideal situation the micro-blogging network is currently in, and the vast amount of usable data it collects and processes. The social media platform that limits its users to be creative in just 140 characters is rumored to be available for a buyout, reported CNBC. While several companies could soon be seen clamoring to submit a formal bid, tech giants like Google and Salesforce are believed to be the frontrunners in the race to acquire Twitter. While Twitter and Google have neither confirmed nor denied the rumors, Salesforce declined to comment, reported CNET. Twitter buyout rumors hint at Google, Salesforce interest https://t.co/PGXvq18Joc — RBLevin (@RBLevin) September 23, 2016 As expected, rumors about Twitter’s buyout have helped the company make a healthy recovery on the stock market. Twitter’s stock jumped more than 20 percent Friday morning on the heels of the rumor that serious buyers are “examining the possibility of a deal and assessing Twitter’s willingness to engage on that possibility.” Twitter might be up more than 22% today, but the stock is still down more than 12% from its 2013 IPO price. $TWTR pic.twitter.com/rQSfcD10fU — CNBC (@CNBC) September 23, 2016 It is strongly believed that the social media company is currently engaged in preliminary talks with potential suitors. Interestingly, even Twitter’s board of directors are said to be keenly interested in being bought out, indicated people familiar with the developments. Though there’s no surety the talks about an impending buyout are true or that there’s even a semblance of assurance a deal will ever materialize, many indicate Twitter might make a deal before the end of the year. If Twitter is to be sold before 2017, a concrete acquisition offer would have to be submitted and accepted within the next few days. Twitter's Stock Has Best Day Ever Amid Buyout Rumor https://t.co/yFu078vwAc $TWTR — Benzinga.com (@Benzinga) September 23, 2016 Twitter isn’t doing well; it is public knowledge that Twitter hasn’t been doing well in almost all of the segments. It was recently downgraded as investment option, after steadily underperforming on a number of performance metrics tech companies are routinely evaluated on. This makes Twitter a very lucrative company to buy since it still offers a wealth of tangible and engaging information, and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Twitter hasn’t been performing as its upper management had promised. Monthly Active User (MAU) growth, one of the most basic parameters of growth for any social media company, has been essentially flat for the past several quarters. Its third-quarter sales disappointed Wall Street and fell woefully short of estimates. RBC Capital Markets’ analyst Mark Mahaney downgraded Twitter’s stock to “underperform” on Thursday, saying, “This change is based on our belief that Twitter’s value proposition to advertisers could be waning, based on our recent advertiser survey data.” However, he did point out the potential of the platform, implying those who stick it out with the company during its difficult time could reap huge benefits in the future. “We note that we still believe Twitter is a unique asset with a strong value proposition to core users.” With 313 million users, Twitter is nowhere near Facebook. The social media giant commands the attention of 1.23 billion users. To address it various woes, co-founder Jack Dorsey returned as Twitter’s CEO about a year ago. However, his active involvement doesn’t seem to have had any positive or groundbreaking impact on the platform’s functioning or user acquisition and retention. As if internal hurdles weren’t enough, Twitter has to deal with a lawsuit filed by a shareholder who insists the company made “false and misleading” statements about its growth projections. my reporting june 2015 via @benzinga: $TWTR Twitter Buyout Odds Are At The 'Greatest' Right Now https://t.co/uHj909d7ku $FB $GOOG $TWTR — Charles Gasparino (@CGasparino) September 23, 2016 Twitter’s current predicament presents the perfect opportunity for companies like Google, Salesforce, Facebook, and others to buy the company at a very lucrative, if not rock-bottom, price. While Twitter’s finances might not be great right now, it is one of the most actively engaged social media platforms with ample room for growth and business. [Featured Image by Andrew Burton/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Amazon Launches First Ever Branded Cargo Plane Now Read This: Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Patrick Frye Tags: acquisitions, buyout, google, salesforce Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘The Young And The Restless’ Rumors: Sean Kanan Hints At A Deacon Sharpe Return–Will He Return To Genoa City? Matt Baier To Write Tell-All Book — ‘Teen Mom OG’ Star Admits To Lying In Order To Snag Amber Portwood Manchester United Vs. Arsenal: Prediction, Preview, Teams News, & Betting Tips ‘American Horror Story: Roanoke’: Every Question We Need Answered In The Season 6 Finale ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Huge Drama Erupts In Salem Courthouse Lala Kent’s Boyfriend: Who Is The Rumored Married Man? WWE News: The Undertaker Claims He’s Back, Update On Plans For Him Following ‘WWE Survivor Series?’ WWE Rumors: UFC’s Conor McGregor Or Ronda Rousey To Appear At ‘WrestleMania’ 33? ‘Real Housewives Of New Jersey’ Star Jacqueline Laurita Reveals Who Actually Called The Feds On Teresa Giudice Florida Man Claiming Food Poisoning Allegedly Stabs IHOP Waiter Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 57.5k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 31.3k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 24.7k 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 5.7k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 11.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines WWE Rumors: UFC’s Conor McGregor Or Ronda Rousey To Appear At ‘WrestleMania’ 33? 0 0 0 ‘Real Housewives Of New Jersey’ Star Jacqueline Laurita Reveals Who Actually Called The Feds On Teresa Giudice 0 0 0 Luis D. Ortiz To Increase Net Worth With The Launch Of Happyholic? 0 0 0 Kaitlyn George Update: University Of Maryland Student Found Safe [Breaking News] 9 0 0 Britney Spears Has A ‘Slumber Party’ With Singer Tinashe 0 0 0 Emily Ratajkowski Dances Topless On Instagram During Beach Vacation, ‘Gone Girl’ Actress Pushes Boundaries On Censorship 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Apple > Apple Said to Step Up Plans for Echo-Style Smart-Home Device Apple Said to Step Up Plans for Echo-Style Smart-Home Device Sep 23, 2016 Mark Gurman and Ian King | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Bloomberg Advertisement (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. is pressing ahead with the development of an Echo-like smart-home device based on the Siri voice assistant, according to people familiar with the matter. Started more than two years ago, the project has exited the research and development lab and is now in prototype testing, said the people, who asked not to be identified discussing unannounced Apple projects. Like  Amazon Inc.’s Echo, the device is designed to control appliances, locks, lights and curtains via voice activation, the people said. Apple hasn’t finalized plans for the device and could still scrap the project. If a product reaches the market, it would be Apple’s most significant piece of new hardware since the company announced the Apple Watch in 2014. Echo has been a surprise hit, even to Apple engineers working on their competing project, and is already being baked into smart-home systems made by a range of companies. Meanwhile, Alphabet Inc. is working on its own device, Google Home. Besides taking on the competition, Apple is looking for a new hot seller to augment the iPhone. The company is attempting to differentiate itself from Echo and Google Home with more advanced microphone and speaker technology, two people said. Some of the prototypes in testing include facial recognition sensors, another person said. Apple has acquired the facial recognition startups Faceshift and Emotient over the past two years, which may help the device act based on who is in a room or a person’s emotional state. Besides serving as a controller for other smart-home devices, the speaker would theoretically be able to process many of the Siri commands available on the iPhone. For example, users may be able to ask the device to read e-mails, send text messages and Tweets, and stream content from Apple Music. Apple has also considered integrating mapping information into the speaker, another person said, potentially allowing the device to notify a user when it’s time to leave the house for an appointment. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment. Before setting its sights on a standalone speaker, Apple attempted to integrate the functionality of an Amazon Echo-like device into the Apple TV, three people said. This would have allowed users to shout commands from the couch to the TV box. Those efforts were abandoned in favor of putting the voice-command features into a remote control when the latest set-top box shipped in October 2015. Apple began showing its interest in the smart-home field with the launch of HomeKit in 2014, which allows third-party smart-home accessory makers to integrate with Siri. That same year, Apple began testing early versions of Siri-driven speakers with proprietary surround sound technology. The company worked on two versions, a larger and a smaller model similar to Amazon’s current line-up, and even set up a small home theater to test prototypes. But those early efforts may not translate into a final product. The work on the speaker is a collaboration between the Cupertino, California-based company’s hardware division and its Siri team, which last year was re-organized by the division’s vice president, Bill Stasior. The division now consists of four main development groups: web search, proactive assistance, speech recognition, and the Siri application itself, two people said. The web search team focuses on Apple’s efforts to circumvent Google search by pushing query suggestions via Apple’s own servers, while the speech recognition group powers how Siri understands its users. The proactive assistance team develops functionality such as the iPhone feature that alerts users to appointments, while the application team engineers the voice assistant. Now that the device has entered the prototype stage, Apple engineers have begun secretly testing it in their homes, one of the people said. While not an indicator of the speaker’s launch timeline, Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has said he tested the iPad at home for roughly six months before its introduction. By contrast, Apple employees began testing the latest Apple TV with Siri about a year before it went on sale, one of the people said. Following successive year-over-year quarterly drops in sales, Cook is looking for new ways to generate revenue for a company that some analysts have said has reached its peak. Apple relies heavily on the iPhone, which accounted for about 66 percent of its revenue last year, and an iPhone-connected speaker would be another way for the company to boost its smartphone sales via its ecosystem. The Information earlier reported that Apple is working on an Amazon Echo-like speaker, which CNET said would include cameras. While Apple’s ability to make high-quality hardware isn’t in question, the Siri voice system has failed to meet expectations. Since launching in 2011 with the iPhone 4S, Siri has frequently stumbled with long load times and by misinterpreting information. If the speaker is to thrive in a marketplace dominated by Amazon’s advanced Alexa service, Apple needs to improve Siri. Beyond the home device, Apple is researching new ways to improve Siri on iPhones and iPads, two people said. With an initiative code-named “Invisible Hand,” Apple hopes to give users the ability to fully control their devices through a Siri command system within three years, one of the people added. Currently, the voice assistant is able to respond to commands within its application, but Apple’s goal is for Siri to be able to control the entire system without having to open an app or reactivate Siri. For example, a user would be able to ask their iPhone to open a web page and then share it with a friend without the need to ever launch the Siri interface. Other examples from Apple’s current research include being able to print a PDF by speaking “print” while reading it or saying “help” in order for the system to help the user navigate a particular task or application. Apple has also been researching opening this ability to third-party apps, the person said Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles So Apple's TV Plans Are ... To Copy Kinect? 13 Apple Said to Plan First Pro Laptop Overhaul in Four Years Apple Said to Plan IPhone for Japan With Tap-to-Pay for Subways Apple Said to Explore Smart Glasses in Deeper Wearables Push Apple’s Quarterly Sales: Yep, This is a Mobile Devices Company Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Gadgets/Gallery/Rumor Gadgets Google Wifi router rumored for Oct. 4 event with smart capabilities By Jacob Kleinman | September 23, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google just celebrated the one-year anniversary of its smart OnHub routers (pictured above) earlier this month, but the company could already be moving onto something new. A new report claims that a “Google Wifi” router could debut at the October 4 event where we’re expecting to see Google’s new Pixel smartphones unveiled. It allegedly costs $129. The news comes from Android Police, which cites two reliable sources and rates the rumor with a confidence level of 9 out of 10. Google Wifi will apparently offer some smart features similar to OnHub, which boasts integration with Phillips smart lights, IFTTT support, seamless security updates and more. The report also notes that Google Wifi could offer a “mesh” network feature by connecting multiple routers around the house, though that’s not really unique. You can turn most routers into repeaters, but it’s possible Google might simplify the setup process so all you need to do is plug each router in and you’re good to go. Android Police adds that this feature might not be available out of the box, and could arrive instead as a future software update. Either way, we should learn more at Google’s big event next month. Beyond Pixel phones and the new router, the company is also expected to unveil a 7-inch tablet, a Chromecast with 4K support, a Daydream VR headset and final launch details for Google Home. So you should probably hold off on buying an OnHub—or really any Google hardware—until after the big announcement on October 4. Source Android Police Topics #Google #Google #Google Wifi Jacob Kleinman Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Podcasts from WIRED subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 09.23.16. 09.23.16 Time of Publication: 5:48 pm. 5:48 pm That’s Bubble Talk A blizzard of camera announcements hit this week, with new models from the likes of Sony, Olympus, and FujiFilm. But the most interesting devices to come out this week? Leica’s instant camera, Nikon’s 360 camera, and the new action cams and freakin’ drone from GoPro. Also on this week’s show, David gives us the backstory on Allo, Google’s chat app with an AI assistant, and how it stacks up against not only Google’s other chat and AI products, but also Apple’s iMessage and Siri. Oh yeah, and the one that everyone uses, WhatsApp. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/GLP-09.23.16-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: The GQ story on Michael Jackson. WIRED’s story on Google Allo’s launch. Leica’s fun Sofort instant camera. Brent Rose provides details on GoPro’s new stuff. Be sure to watch the Karma reveal. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Allo cameras Gadget Lab Podcasts GoPro podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Allo cameras Gadget Lab Podcasts GoPro podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 09.16.16. 09.16.16 Time of Publication: 12:59 pm. 12:59 pm The Thing That Gets You to the Thing Apple’s AirPods may not impress audio enthusiasts, or even most of the general device-buying public. But they do signal to a likely future scenario when wearable technology is both far more common and far more powerful—and one when the phone plays a diminished role in our tech culture. Yes, we’ll all still have phones, but we may not need to rely on them as much. Also this week: Behind the scenes of David’s iPhone 7 review, and curious pet behavior. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Gadget-Lab-Podcast-9.16.16.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Will Oremus in Slate discussing the same topic. David Pierce reviews the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and pans the AirPods. A survey of ceramics in personal technology products by Brian Barrett. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 09.09.16. 09.09.16 Time of Publication: 5:48 pm. 5:48 pm All About Apple Big week for Cupertino! New iPhones were announced on Wednesday along a new Watch and some new wireless earbuds. The hosts discuss all of the new Apple products, plus lament/celebrate the death of the headphone jack. At the top of the show, David and Michael talk about the new Kindle Fire tablets and the overall awesomeness of cheap Android tablets. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/GadgetLab-9.9.16.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Everything Apple announced. David’s hands-on of the iPhone 7 and the AirPods. The dual cameras on the iPhone 7 Plus. Amazon’s Fire tablets get Alexa. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 08.26.16. 08.26.16 Time of Publication: 3:07 pm. 3:07 pm Gadget Lab Podcast: Privacy on the High Seas This week’s show is the last one for WIRED executive editor (and sometimes-cohost) Joe Brown. The crew sends him off with the gentlest of ribbings and the occasional mistiness. The main discussion centers around the changes to WhatsApp’s policies regarding user information. Other topics this week include the sale of Pinterest to Instapaper and the bungling (but not bungling) of the Olympics coverage by the NBC/Comcast empire. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/GadgetLab-8.25.16-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Read Brian Barrett on the WhatsApp and Facebook privacy changes. Opt out of WhatsApp’s new contact-sharing policy now, before you no longer can. Davey Alba tells us about the sale of Instapaper to Pinterest. Android N is out—it’s very good, but depending on your phone, you may not get it for a while. The epic Bozeman “Tweezer”. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Joe “Last Chance” Brown is @joemfbrown, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts Pinterest podcasts WhatsApp Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts Pinterest podcasts WhatsApp Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 08.19.16. 08.19.16 Time of Publication: 3:26 pm. 3:26 pm Gadget Lab Podcast: Enjoy the Silence A quartet of topics this week, as the podcast returns after a brief pause necessitated by summer travel. There’s a new Soylent with coffee in it, and it’s maybe better than tea. The newest headphones from Bose sound so good, Michael is convinced that noise-canceling tech is not in fact the work of Satan. Two new phones arrived: the Samsung Note 7 and the Huawei Honor 8, and both are excellent (for different reasons). Finally, David tells us about why Google’s messaging app strategy is a big fail, and he offers ideas on how to fix it. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/GLP-08.09.2016-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Pu-Erh. Coffiest. The Bose headphone review. Tim Moynihan’s review of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Two WIRED stories about Google Duo, one from David Pierce and one from Cade Metz. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Joe “I Don’t Work Here Anymore” Brown is @joemfbrown, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 07.29.16. 07.29.16 Time of Publication: 2:31 pm. 2:31 pm Gadget Lab Podcast: Earning Man Productivity is possibly the least sexy topic in service journalism, but David has found a way to spice it up. He’s got a method for creating the ultimate to-do list that involves using a gaggle of Google apps. It’s pretty cool. Also, Michael and David discuss note-taking, “offline” productivity, and the importance of personal paper trails. At the beginning of the show, the hosts talk about Silicon Valley’s obsession with meditation and mindfulness, and the role apps (and Burning Man) play in that culture. At the end, the hosts discuss the tech sector’s earnings reports, which were revealed this week. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/GadgetLab-7.28.16-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: David’s how-to on using Google for to-do lists. That Wall Street Journal article about Apple trying to break into TV. See WIRED’s report on Amazon’s earnings. David’s Playa name is “Knowpiercer.” Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Joe “I’m Too Busy” Brown is @joemfbrown, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. earnings Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email earnings Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 07.22.16. 07.22.16 Time of Publication: 3:04 pm. 3:04 pm Gadget Lab Podcast: Modular Smartphones Are the Future Phones! They’re all the same, right? Just the opposite—according to some of the big Android handset makers, the future is in customization. Modular phones, swappable parts, ever-expanding capabilities. On this week’s show, David Pierce tells us why Motorola’s new modular smartphone, the Moto Z, might be the smartest bet the company has made in years. Also, David and Michael debate whether we’ll ever see a modular iPhone. (LOL nope.) Also this week, the smartwatch markets in decline, and Elon Musk’s vision for what our streets and freeways will look like in 10 years. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/GadgetLab-7.22.2016-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: David visited Motorola’s offices in Chicago, and he reviewed the new phone. Tesla news in Elon’s words, and analysis from WIRED’s Jack Stewart. The smartphone market survey comes from IDC. Mike has a cool Nixon surf watch. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Joe “I’m Too Busy” Brown is @joemfbrown, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts moto z Motorola podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts moto z Motorola podcasts Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs Security Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs 8 hours Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 1 day John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 2 days How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet Movies How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet 5 hours Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 1 day The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed TV The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed 23 hours Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets books Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets 8 hours DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 21 hours More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 21 hours Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 1 day product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 2 days product review Review: Plantronics BackBeat Pro 2 1 day Messaging WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Calling for a Billion-Plus Users 2 days Culture Podcast A Tribe Called Quest’s New Record Is Awesome. National Politics? Not So Much 50 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Rumor: Google to showcase mesh networking router soon by Wayne Manion  4:49 PM on September 23, 2016 Android Police has published some speculation that Google will introduce a new Wi-Fi router under the name Google Wifi (sic) at the company's hardware launch event on October 4. The rumor mill suggests the new router will have the ability to team up with other identical units to form a mesh network, similar to eero and Luma Surround. Google's new router is said to offer AC1200 speeds, Bluetooth and 802.15.4 connectivity (the protocol underlying ZigBee and MiWi), and polished setup and operation. The company has stuck its toe into the wireless router market before with the OnHub devices manufactured by TP-Link and Asus. OnHub devices added IoT and home automation flair to the standard wireless router formula, but lacked the mesh features highlighted in today's rumors. Android Police speculates Google Wifi will be offered for $129. For the sake of comparison, a single eero mesh router costs $199, a pair rings in at $349, and a three-pack retails for $499. A second article at Android Police offers unsubstantiated claims about two other upcoming Google hardware releases. Google Home, an Amazon Echo competitor announced in May, is rumored to be priced at $129. Meanwhile, the Chromecast Ultra, alleged to be a 4K and HDR-capable Google Cast device, could be released at $69. That price is twice the cost of a Full HD-capable Chromecast. Tags: Internet Networking Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Twitter If Twitter is up for sale, what will potential suitors get for $15bn? With Salesforce and Google’s parent company Alphabet rumored to be possible buyers, an acquisition could bring fresh ideas on how to refine what it can offer Twitter has faced extra responsibility since going public in 2013. Photograph: Brendan Mcdermid/Reuters Geof Wheelwright in Seattle Friday 23 September 2016 17.48 EDT Last modified on Friday 23 September 2016 21.25 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 1 month old You could say it in less than 140 characters: Twitter may be for sale, according to the latest speculation on Wall Street reported by both Reuters and CNBC. Both Alphabet, which is Google’s parent company, and Salesforce were rumored to be possible suitors for Twitter, and the final sale price is likely to be around $22 per share, according to Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi – putting the value of the company close to $15.5bn. He also believes the victor is likely to be Google, which is a better strategic fit. “There’s value in the enormous data that Twitter has about its users, and their (online) behavior,” Mogharabi said. “The millions of users Twitter has is considered valuable – and given Google’s wider ecosystem, it can help drive return and user growth on to Twitter.” ‘Investors emphasise short-term thinking’ The real question is – what else will the buyer (whether that might end up being Google, or someone else) get for that $15bn? Only last year, Twitter had a major management shakeup that saw the departure of CEO Dick Costolo – who spoke with the Guardian on his last day in the job on 30 June 2015 and warned of the limitations of meeting the company’s broader strategic goals when investors are so focused on short-term, quarterly results. “You always want to keep focused on the long-term vision, yet when you go public you’re on a 90-day cadence and there’s a very public voting machine of the stock price that accelerates that short-term thinking,” he said at the time. Twitter shares surge amid rumors Google or Salesforce may place bids Read more Yet one year later, Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey was instated as CEO and doing his best to explain Twitter’s value to users. “We’re making the right decisions in our product and it gives us a foundation for future growth. We’re working every day to make Twitter faster, more intuitive and easier to use,” Dorsey said in a 26 July 2016 call with analysts. “You’ve already seen us take some big steps here, like the changes to the time line and the announced changes to the character count and reply rules. There’s more changes like these on the way.” Welcoming new users – and tackling harassment Dorsey has conceded the company still has work to do in helping users understand why they should even bother signing up – and, when they do, having the “onboarding” experience make more immediately useful to users. Twitter needs to take account of what its users need from it. “Continued growth also involves educating people about why to use Twitter: for the fastest way to see and share what’s happening and comment on it,” he said. “We’ve been applying a lot more machine learning and deep learning to our onboarding, so we can match people faster to their interest. And we believe that, that interest drive is really important to us and unique to us.” Balancing its much-vaunted principle of supporting global freedom of speech against the obligation to protect users from abuse and harassment has proved an extremely tricky task. “Abuse is not part of civil discourse. It shuts down conversation and prevents us from understanding each other. The freedom of expression means little if we allow voices to be silenced because of fear of harassment if they speak up,” Dorsey said. Facing complex challenges, Twitter should focus on its strengths Read more “No one deserves to be the target of abuse online and it has no place on Twitter. We haven’t been good enough at ensuring that’s the case, and we must do better. That means building new technology solutions, making sure our policies and enforcement are consistent and educating people about both.” ‘A lack of strategy and execution by the management’ Even with those challenges – and the extra responsibility Twitter faces as a public company – Mogharabi said he doesn’t think it was a mistake for the company to go public. He does suggest, however, that Twitter’s November 2013 IPO did seem to inject some kind of smugness into the ranks of Twitter senior management. “They seemed to be a bit too satisfied given where they were at when they went public,” he said. “From a management standpoint, they did not pursue other growth avenues or strategies. So I don‘t think it [the IPO] was a mistake. It was just lack of strategy and execution by management.” Acquisition could give Twitter a new lease of life, and some fresh ideas and perspective on how to refine what it can offer users and advertisers. But it’s premature, Mogharabi says,to judge co-founder Jack Dorsey’s work at the helm of Twitter has been a success. “Some of the steps he has taken are in the right direction,” he said. “Content is king – so the live streaming of sporting and news events and those guys pursuing such content is the right move. Whether that can lure more users – that remains to be seen.” More news Topics Twitter Silicon Valley Social media Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Twitter Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift shares AFP on September 24, 2016, 7:29 am Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift shares Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift shares - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr San Francisco (AFP) - Chatter about a sale of Twitter is intensifying amid sputtering efforts to transform the one-to-many messaging platform into a profitable business. Twitter shares soared 21.45 percent Friday to close at $22.62 on unconfirmed media reports of a potential sale, with Alphabet-owned Google and Salesforce named as possible suitors. The share price gave the San Francisco-based company a market value of $16.13 billion, still well below the $26 level when Twitter made its stock market debut in November 2013. The market action came after a report by CNBC television that Twitter's board was favoring a sale. The Wall Street Journal meanwhile reported that cloud computing group Salesforce was considering a deal, and the news site TechCrunch said Microsoft and Verizon may also be interested. The technology news site Recode said Twitter was seeking up to $30 billion, which could limit the number of bidders. Twitter did not respond to an AFP request for comment. But reports have been circulating for weeks that the popular messaging platform was opening its doors to potential buyers. "Twitter was positioning for sale for some time," technology industry analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group told AFP. "The problem is, since they are not profitable, finding someone to actually pay money for them." Google and Salesforce were considered prime suitors for Twitter. Microsoft and Verizon were also on the list of potential buyers. "Both Google and Salesforce could justify the purchase," analyst Enderle said. US telecommunications firm Verizon has been on a mission to be more than "a dumb pipe," buying AOL last year in a deal valued at $4.4 billion and now buying Yahoo for $4.8 billion. Google could benefit from Twitter's strength in online social networking, but would likely face regulatory challenges in an array of countries. Salesforce was seen as a leading contender for Twitter. "I simply love Twitter," Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar tweeted on Friday. - Dot-com deja vu - Meanwhile RBC Capital Markets on Friday lowered its price target for Twitter shares to $14, saying that a survey indicated advertisers could be questioning the value of using the platform. Analysts have long maintained that Twitter needs to find new ways to boost its appeal beyond a core of celebrities, politicians and journalists, with its user base stagnant for the past year. In its last quarterly update, Twitter said the number of monthly active users edged up to 313 million, up three percent from a year ago and only slightly more than the 310 million in the prior quarter. Twitter has yet to post a profit, even as it has ramped up its efforts in advertising. "It was never designed for profit," analyst Enderle said. "This is kind of the quintessential dot-com scenario; Twitter went well down the path before thinking about how to make money, and therein lies the problem." In early September, reports swirled that Twitter's board was weighing ways to cut costs, ramp up revenue or maximize shareholder value by selling itself. Speculation that Twitter might be seeking a suitor escalated in August, after co-founder Ev Williams said during a Bloomberg TV interview that the company "had to consider the right options" when it came to whether it should remain an independent company. Twitter this week eased a 140-character limit on tweets, which was put in place due to mobile phone text messaging constraints when Twitter launched in 2006. Twitter also been striving to drive growth by streaming live video on its platform. Twitter drew more than two million people to its first broadcast of an NFL football game last week, part of a range of new sports content available through the network. Analysts remain cautious about Twitter's ability to break out of its rut and accelerate growth. It is far behind Facebook, which has an audience of over 1.7 billion, and Facebook-owned Instagram, with some 500 million. Last month, eMarketer said Twitter's share of US social network users will decline to 28.1 percent this year and will continue to drop through 2020, as it loses users to Snapchat, Instagram, and messaging apps. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift shares - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Slain mobster Pasquale Barbaro’s car may have been 'bugged' Enemies may have planted a tracking device in Pasquale Barbaro's car so hitmen could follow and kill him. New NSW Deputy Premier facing scandal on day one of the job Two-days after Nationals leader Troy Grant was forced to step down as deputy premier, his freshly appointed replacement is facing a scandal of his own. School bus aftermath: Bloodied students capture carnage on phones Kids smashed into seats and windows as vehicles crash at 80k/ph. Teen 'headlocked and dragged' by man during afternoon walk Haylee Dick walked along a Central Coast reserve on Tuesday evening when she suddenly felt a presence behind her. Iggy Azalea thanks her vagina for GQ Award "I’ve got the best vagina in the world." Meningococcal teen 'thought it was gastro' Friends of a South Australian man thought he was struck down by gastro when he developed diarrhoea and vomiting. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Woman flashes entire train of people during spontaneous dance routine Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP WATCH: Young woman dances on Melbourne train, flashes undies to commuters Supermoon of the century OUR PICKS New NSW Deputy Premier facing scandal on day one of the job South Australian cop allowed to live at home following three-hour siege Schoolgirl kicked in face during brutal attack at skate park Marsh quits as Australia's chairman of selectors MOST VIEWED WATCH: First pizza delivered by drone! Woman flashes entire train of people during spontaneous dance routine Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Forget OnHub: Google’s sleek, compact… Forget OnHub: Google’s sleek, compact wireless AC router, Google Wifi, is now available for pre-order Google's compact wireless AC router, Google Wifi, is available for pre-order By Kevin Parrish — November 15, 2016 11:38 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends In October, Google announced a revision to the OnHub router, aptly titled Google Wifi. The new router is actually a system of routers, which use overlapping signals to provide you with better reception throughout your home. The Google Wifi router system is available for pre-order on the Google Store. During October’s event, Google’s Mario Queiroz introduced the new Wi-Fi system, detailing the impressive behind-the-scenes work the router (or routers) do to ensure you receive the best possible reception even as you move throughout your home. The Google Wifi system uses mesh networks to essentially bathe your home in a durable, powerful, Wi-Fi signal. In a news post on Tuesday, Google’s Sanjay Noronha elaborated on precisely how the Google Wifi system works. More: Goodbye, Google Cast! App gets rebranded as the more inclusive Google Home You can buy Google Wifi as just a single router for $129, or as part of a three-pack for $299. According to Google, when you set up the three-router system, your phone or mobile device will seamlessly transition between your various access points, using a background network-assist system which will transition you to the best Wi-Fi access point. It will even juggle you between Wi-Fi channels to make sure you’re not on one that’s too congested by other devices. Another feature introduced at the Google Event will allow parents or router administrators to control access to the routers via a companion app. As was demonstrated, you will be able to pause the internet connection of any device connected to your home router. For instance, a parent could pause their kids’ internet connections to compel them to come to dinner. Or you could pause your roommate’s Wi-Fi when they don’t pay their part of the internet bill — or the rent. Naturally, your home router already likely has this functionality but it is buried in the administrator settings and not quite as accessible as the Google Wifi companion app aims to be. The Google Wifi system is available for pre-order and will ship sometime in December. Just in time for the holidays and just the right size for stocking stuffers.
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Thu, Nov 17, 2016, 7:12 AM AEDT - Australia Markets open in 2 hrs 48 mins Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift sharesBy Glenn Chapman | AFP – Fri, Sep 23, 2016 9:29 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The Twitter logo displayed on a banner outside the New York Stock Exchange Chatter about a sale of Twitter is intensifying amid sputtering efforts to transform the one-to-many messaging platform into a profitable business. Twitter shares soared 21.45 percent Friday to close at $22.62 on unconfirmed media reports of a potential sale, with Alphabet-owned Google and Salesforce named as possible suitors. The share price gave the San Francisco-based company a market value of $16.13 billion, still well below the $26 level when Twitter made its stock market debut in November 2013. The market action came after a report by CNBC television that Twitter's board was favoring a sale. The Wall Street Journal meanwhile reported that cloud computing group Salesforce was considering a deal, and the news site TechCrunch said Microsoft and Verizon may also be interested. The technology news site Recode said Twitter was seeking up to $30 billion, which could limit the number of bidders. Twitter did not respond to an AFP request for comment. But reports have been circulating for weeks that the popular messaging platform was opening its doors to potential buyers. "Twitter was positioning for sale for some time," technology industry analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group told AFP. "The problem is, since they are not profitable, finding someone to actually pay money for them." Google and Salesforce were considered prime suitors for Twitter. Microsoft and Verizon were also on the list of potential buyers. "Both Google and Salesforce could justify the purchase," analyst Enderle said. US telecommunications firm Verizon has been on a mission to be more than "a dumb pipe," buying AOL last year in a deal valued at $4.4 billion and now buying Yahoo for $4.8 billion. Google could benefit from Twitter's strength in online social networking, but would likely face regulatory challenges in an array of countries. Salesforce was seen as a leading contender for Twitter. "I simply love Twitter," Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar tweeted on Friday. - Dot-com deja vu - Meanwhile RBC Capital Markets on Friday lowered its price target for Twitter shares to $14, saying that a survey indicated advertisers could be questioning the value of using the platform. Analysts have long maintained that Twitter needs to find new ways to boost its appeal beyond a core of celebrities, politicians and journalists, with its user base stagnant for the past year. In its last quarterly update, Twitter said the number of monthly active users edged up to 313 million, up three percent from a year ago and only slightly more than the 310 million in the prior quarter. Twitter has yet to post a profit, even as it has ramped up its efforts in advertising. "It was never designed for profit," analyst Enderle said. "This is kind of the quintessential dot-com scenario; Twitter went well down the path before thinking about how to make money, and therein lies the problem." In early September, reports swirled that Twitter's board was weighing ways to cut costs, ramp up revenue or maximize shareholder value by selling itself. Speculation that Twitter might be seeking a suitor escalated in August, after co-founder Ev Williams said during a Bloomberg TV interview that the company "had to consider the right options" when it came to whether it should remain an independent company. Twitter this week eased a 140-character limit on tweets, which was put in place due to mobile phone text messaging constraints when Twitter launched in 2006. Twitter also been striving to drive growth by streaming live video on its platform. Twitter drew more than two million people to its first broadcast of an NFL football game last week, part of a range of new sports content available through the network. Analysts remain cautious about Twitter's ability to break out of its rut and accelerate growth. It is far behind Facebook, which has an audience of over 1.7 billion, and Facebook-owned Instagram, with some 500 million. Last month, eMarketer said Twitter's share of US social network users will decline to 28.1 percent this year and will continue to drop through 2020, as it loses users to Snapchat, Instagram, and messaging apps. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » BBC World Service adds 11 languagesAAP The BBC World Service will begin broadcasting in 11 additional languages in a drive to reach millions more people, … Post boss says mail reform took too longAAP Spain ups growth forecast for 2016, 2017AFP House prices affect travel: Virgin CEOAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7480 -0.0072 -0.95% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6007 -0.0058 -0.96% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6998 -0.0042 -0.60% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google intros App Preview Messaging feature for Google Play Services By R Padla - September 23, 2016 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google is working on something new that will allow you and me to connect with our friends easier through Android. There’s the idea of ‘App Preview Messaging’ that is now on preview mode, hoping to make connecting through mobile faster and more efficient. After launching the Duo video chat and Allo instant messaging, here’s the Internet giant rolling out a new feature that is expected to be more than helpful. App Preview Messaging is part of Google Play Services on Android. It lets you send an instant message to a contact from an app even if he doesn’t use the same app. This way, anyone can reach another contact even if you are using different apps. With this feature, there’s no way you can’t reach someone or receive a message from people. There’s no excuse now with App Preview Messaging. The feature is still being developed but the concept certainly has potential. For developers of messaging apps for Android, you can test out this feature by checking out the program. Feel free to access and test the feature so you can extend the reach of your app. We don’t know how this will work exactly but based on the illustration, a message may be sent and then received on another device by showing up in the notification shade. You can only read the message or a portion of it complete with the name of the sender, profile photo, and time. We’re guessing there will also be an indication for what kind of app was used to send the message. You will still need to use a specific app to open the message and respond if you need too. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Google Play Services 8.4 SDK now released, more developer features Google Play Services 9.2 brings back Android Mobile Vision, adds new Text API Allo, Duo messaging apps might be set as default on Android Nougat TAGS Android Apps Google Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,398FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,304FollowersFollow 59,490SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Hey, Siri: You still have a lot of work to do USA TODAY 9/23/2016 Jefferson Graham Click to expand Replay Video Ford moving smaller car production to Mexico The Ford Motor Company is moving ahead with plans to shift production of small cars to Mexico from Michigan. Ford CEO Mark Fields says they will move their production of the Ford Focus to Mexico to create room for "two very important products" coming to the Michigan factories. Fields states that this will not affect on jobs in Michigan what so ever. President-elect Donald Trump has criticized Ford for the decision to shift production to Mexico, and said he would consider levying tariffs on Mexican-made Fords. Wochit Business Boeing to slash jobs, move others for efficiency The airplane maker announces moves to make the most of its resources and talent. CNBC Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? The answer is yes, but not by much. Kiplinger PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Hey, Siri: You still have a lot of work to do USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ford moving smaller car production to Mexico Wochit Business0:38 Boeing to slash jobs, move others for efficiency CNBC0:33 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 Is China secretly spying on Android devices? Fox Business1:04 Automakers turn to action movies for inspiration The Wall Street Journal.0:55 Shipping industry hampered by Hanjin's debt Reuters1:36 Soon you can smoke weed at some Denver bars and restaurants Newsy0:47 Proposed passenger jet could reach supersonic speeds The Wall Street Journal.1:24 The story behind QWERTY CNN Money1:51 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 UP NEXT LOS ANGELES — Hey, Siri: if you can't find me an Indian restaurant just three miles from my office, what can you get right? With the IOS 10 mobile operating system upgrade, Apple has promised us that its five-year-old personal digital assistant Siri would be better than ever, and would expand beyond the core Apple apps to also work with third-party apps like LinkedIn, Uber and Pinterest.  Popular Searches Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 71.44 +0.02 +0.03% DryShips Inc DRYS ▲ 73.00 +30.14 +70.32% Tencent Holdings Ltd TCTZF ▼ 24.88 -0.52 -2.05% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 745.77 +2.53 +0.34% The results of my tests is that Siri is slightly improved, but only if you take the time to enunciate correctly and slowly, and teach the voice-activated assistant what you want. But that doesn't always work, as we found out when I tried, over and over again to find that nearby Indian restaurant — and Siri sent me instead to a place in San Jose, Calif., a brisk six-hour drive away. When I comparison shopped with Google's way superior "OK Google," voice assistant on a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Google got it right on the first try. After announcing the new Siri at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in June, Apple senior vice-president Craig Federighi said that using Siri would now be "the quickest path to getting something done....we want to make that possible." A lofty goal, but it's certainly not there yet.  On Apple's Siri webpage, the company touts many things Siri can do, so I decided to put it to the test, and tried each and every category. Here's a sampling: --Movie listings: "What movies are playing today," is the suggested query. When I asked, the results were a cross-section of A-listers ("Snowden" and "Sully") and others like "Bridget Jones's Baby" and "Mr. Church," along with a roster of six movie theaters within the general area of the USA TODAY Los Angeles offices. Then I tried to expand to showtimes at my local movie theater, asking for the showtimes for "Sully" at the Arclight Cinemas in El Segundo. "I don't see any movies matching "Sally," was Siri's response. I asked over and over again, but it just couldn't get Sully. (If interested, it's playing tonight at 7:15 and 9:50.) Score: C.  --Photos: Apple touts how Siri can now find specific photos of people and places in the iPhone Photos app. With over 100 photos of my friends Michelle and Jennifer, both of whom are clearly labeled in Apple Photos on the iPhone, I asked Siri to pull them up. It located Michelle, but not Jennifer.  I also asked Siri to find "my" photos of my hometown, Manhattan Beach. Siri picked up a few, but not key ones you'd expect, like pictures of the Pier, ocean waves and such, but instead photos taken in my home.  The key to photo requests is inserting the word "my." Without "my" Siri responds with the dreaded, "Here are some photos I found on the Web," which of course wasn't what I was looking for. Score: C. --Hail a car: "Hey Siri, get me an Uber."  Here I truly was saved from having to unlock the iPhone home screen, locate the app and click my location. Siri asked me what kind of car service I wanted. Several choices were offered, and when I dictated "Uber X," she got it, and offered to have a car to me in 2 minutes. The feature did what it was supposed to do. Score: A.  --Read your latest e-mail. I asked her to read my latest e-mail and Siri responded by reading it aloud. But what the assistant couldn't do is go further, to other recent "e-mails." Had I been driving, I would have wanted to hear all the new ones. For text messages Siri offered a wider selection. Score: B. --Work with apps. You can now dictate a message on LinkedIn and send money on Venmo . Both worked, but it took a while to train Siri. I had to repeat people's names several times, and Siri always got them wrong. When I finally opened the apps, highlighted their names and then tried again, it got it. And continued to get it, consistently. Score: B+. --Restaurants: The command follow this syntax:  "Find me a table for four in Chicago."  . When I tried it, using "Santa Monica," instead of Chicago, (my editors prefer I work local) it asked me for the time of the reservation, 7 p.m. I chose, and then it said none of the suggestions were taking reservations at this time. But Siri threw out a bunch of random restaurants to consider — Sushi, Mexican, American fare — which is fine, but that wasn't the idea. I wanted a reservation. When I tried to isolate the restaurant of my choice, and location, Siri said it was "afraid I can't book that right now," and suggested two other eateries. Maddening! Score: D.  With the new tools for Siri, Apple is competing with Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Amazon to provide state of the art voice search and assistant tools. Beyond the apps, Apple also has brought Siri to Macintosh computers, where it's now part of the MAC OS Sierra operating system upgrade. But, as my colleague Ed Baig points out, it's not faring much better there either.  Speaking of Ed, I asked Siri to call him, but Siri said I didn't have his contact information in the iPhone and thus couldn't make the call. Not true! I tried again, this time requesting "Ed....Baig" slowly instead of "EdBaig," and voila, the call went through.  So Siri, it's great when you finally get things right, but after five years of trying to assist us, really, you should be way more efficient by now. Google gets it right most of the time on Android phones, why can't you? App developers I've spoken with over the past months told me they believed that with their involvement, they would come up with new ways and fixes for Siri that Apple never dreamed of.  Let's hope they're right. Hey Siri, we'll check back in with you in a few months for a status update.  Follow USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham on Twitter, @jeffersongraham and listen to the daily #TalkingTech podcast on Stitcher and iTunes. Go to MSN Home More in Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Official: Trump didn't ask for top secret clearance for his kids USA TODAY Students lead new wave of anti-Trump protests USA TODAY Facebook employees form fake news task force USA TODAY What's Mike Pence hiding in his emails? USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 23 GOOG: 786.90 -0.31 Xiaomi’s Mi Box Android TV appears on the shelf at Walmart for $69 Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Android Android TV Xiaomi Mi Box View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It appears today is the day that all prices are leaking. Just after finding out about the Google WiFi and its $129 price, Google Home’s $129 price, and the $69 price of the 4K “Chromecast Ultra,” we now have our first clue of the price of Xiaomi’s previously-announced Mi Box Android TV. According to someone who spotted one of the shelf at Walmart, it will run for $69… The Mi Box features Android 6.0 Marshmallow, a quad-core ARM processor, 2GB of RAM, 8GB of expandable (via USB) storage, and an HDMI port which can output 4K video at 60FPS. The box will ship with a slim remote that includes a microphone for voice commands (a la Apple TV) and Xiaomi will also be selling a controller for gaming. Just a couple of weeks ago, a report suggested that the box would be coming at some point in October for a price less than $100. This $69 price tag is pretty believable, and a picture like this — with 3 Mi Box units just sitting on a shelf in their original packaging at Walmart — would be pretty difficult to fake. On this box, we learn that the Box comes with $76 in offers and a free HDMI cable. I’m about to head out to my local Walmart and see if I get lucky enough to nab one. @jasonhowell @androidshow @Ohthatflo @ronxo saw this Mi Box at Walmart today for $69. Was this released yet? pic.twitter.com/AsuNZeU5oJ — George Garrett (@garrettdotcom) September 23, 2016 Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android TV View THe Guide Xiaomi Mi Box View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s cooking up ‘something sweet’ to commemorate Android’s eighth birthday Julian Chokkattu Digital TrendsSeptember 23, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share There are more devices running Gingerbread than Android 7.0 Nougat, Google's latest Android version. These monthly numbers highlight Google's biggest issue with Android: fragmentation.More Eight years ago on September 23, Google released Android 1.0. Today, the mobile operating system has more than 80 percent of the smartphone market around the world. Despite many issues, like a fragmented update process, increased anti-competitive scrutiny by European powers, and increased malware attacks, the operating system has grown remarkably within that short 8-year span. Related: Despite mixed reviews, Google Allo hits number one among top free apps on the Play Store While Friday marks the operating system’s birthday, the Android Twitter account says the company is “whipping up something sweet for a big day” on Saturday. The image in the tweet shows Bugdroid, Android’s green mascot, whisking some eggs next to ingredients including marshmallows, nougat, and Kit Kat bars. We’re whipping up something sweet for a big day tomorrow. #Android pic.twitter.com/I4idH0F4am — Android (@Android) September 23, 2016 If you’re unaware, the ingredients refer to versions of Android — 4.4 KitKat, 6.0 Marshmallow, and the more recent 7.0 Nougat. It’s likely we’ll see a commemorative announcement from the Android team Saturday to celebrate its eighth birthday. Still, it’s unclear why nothing was mentioned today, the anniversary of the release of Android 1.0 eight years ago. Related: Tired of Google Play? Check out these alternative Android app stores We’re not expecting any major announcements, considering Google is holding a major hardware event right around the corner on October 4. The company is expected to launch Google Home, Daydream VR, a Chromecast, and a Wi-Fi router. There has not been any news around Android Wear 2.0, which is still in beta and expected to launch this fall. Android, Inc. was founded in 2003, and Google bought the company in 2005. The first Android-powered handset, the HTC Dream, was released in 2008. Keep an eye out on Android’s Twitter account to see what the team has in store for us Saturday. Allo and Duo news: what we know about Google’s all-new communication apps Intriguing details emerge about Fuchsia OS, Google’s latest project Android Marshmallow’s adoption rate rises to 13.3 percent Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Tech CEO who vowed to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle forced to resign BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Forget Black Friday, Sam’s Club has a serious one-day sales event this Saturday BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google planning to release Wi-Fi router at October event, Home to cost $129: Report Google will push further into the home with several announcements at its October 4 event. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | September 23, 2016 -- 20:19 GMT (13:19 PDT) | Topic: Hardware Image: Google Home Google plans to release its own, self-branded wireless router dubbed "Google Wi-Fi" that will retail for $129, according to Android Police. Google I/O The new features in Android N Google plays social catch-up (again) Big bet: Machine learning, AI will be winning formula Google piles the pressure on Apple Google Home takes aim at Amazon Echo Inside Android Wear 2.0 Android Studio 2.2 goes preview The Google Wi-Fi router is expected to be released at Google's October 4 event, according to the blog, which has correctly pegged past Google releases. The router is said to be designed like a small, white Amazon Echo Dot, and you can reportedly expand it with multiple access points . Android Police further reports that Google's take on Amazon Echo called Google Home, which was announced at Google I/O in May, will cost $129. Home works as a voice-activated speaker capable of connecting to devices around the home (such as the Nest thermostat) and completing basic tasks like playing music or searching Google. A Chromecast Ultra with 4K capability will reportedly cost $69. We have reached out to Google for more information. Google's plan to release a wireless router could suggest a bigger home push from the search giant, as competitors like Amazon and Apple have gone further into the home. We will be covering Google's October 4 event for all the details. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Amazon Alexa and Logitech Harmony Hub: How to add voice control to your entertainment center Hardware What are the electronic gifts people want? Smartphones OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What are the key differences? Hardware HP Inc's tiny workstation is as tall as a cup of coffee but still packs a punch × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wall Street slumps on weak tech, energy shares By Afp Published: 16:54 EST, 23 September 2016 | Updated: 16:54 EST, 23 September 2016 e-mail Weakness in energy equities and technology giants Apple and Facebook pushed US stocks lower Friday, cutting into the gains of the prior two sessions. An exception was Twitter, which surged 21.4 percent following reports it is in talks with potential acquirers, including Google and Salesforce.com. The Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 0.7 percent to 18,261.45. Twitter shares soared after CNBC reported that the microblogging service is in talks with potential acquirers including Google and Salesforce.com ©Leon Neal (AFP/File) The broad-based S&P 500 declined 0.6 percent to 2,164.69, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 0.6 percent to 5,305.75. Google parent Alphabet ended unchanged, while Salesforce dropped 5.6 percent after both were reported to have shown interest in buying Twitter, which has struggled to build on the growth momentum of its early years. Apple fell 1.7 percent on speculation that iPhone sales have been disappointing, while Facebook lost 1.6 percent on concerns about its online advertising prospects after it acknowledged that it had previously counted cases of users watching for as few as three seconds. Oil-linked stocks retreated, with petroleum prices, as Halliburton shed 1.9 percent and ConocoPhillips declined 2.6 percent. Analysts said the market was due for a pullback after the Nasdaq finished at records the last two days following the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates low. Michael James, managing director of Wedbush Securities, said the market is torn between the threat of weak third-quarter earnings and belief that the Fed's easy-money policies will propel stocks even higher. He predicted more volatility, saying "it depends which of those views takes hold on a daily basis." Dow member Procter & Gamble fell 1.4 percent following a report from Bloomberg News that said P&G brands in skin care and men's shaving were losing US market share to competitors. Yahoo sank 3.1 percent following the Thursday disclosure that hackers took data on at least 500 million users, one of the biggest thefts of personal data ever. Marriott International shed 1.9 percent after announcing it completed its $13.6 billion takeover of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Kate Wright  displays her cleavage racy skintight bodysuit... as fans go wild for her stunning slimmer physique 'I didn't have my teenage years': Priscilla Presley admits Elvis NEVER saw her make-up free... as viewers marvel at her appearance at 71 Scarlett Moffatt displays her fuller figure in a bright pink busty bikini on holiday in Spain before her stunning three stone weight loss  Shout out to HER ex! TOWIE's Chloe Lewis is 'texting Luke Pasqualino after steamy snog at lingerie bash'... weeks after Perrie Edwards split Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in a pout patterned sweater while on promo tour for Allied  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED The apple doesn't fall far from the tree! Doting father Dan Osborne is joined by son Teddy as they pose in matching shirts for new menswear campaign 'Do you know who I am?': Jess Woodley is the 'biggest Made In Chelsea diva' according to co-stars Sam Thompson and Stephanie Pratt She can't get enough! Lady Gaga steps out in her favourite fur coat and slips into a sexy dress for low-key night out Michelle Heaton is the belle of the ball in figure-hugging scarlet gown with racy cut-out detail as she shows her support at British Asian Trust gala 'I just wanted to detox': Kendall Jenner reveals on Ellen she quit Instagram for break from social media... but admits she'll be back Not selfie-assured Gigi Hadid 'urges "immature" Perrie Edwards to get over Zayn'... as 'scrapped Little Mix lyrics speak of "f**king some model chick"' 'He said yes!' Ricky Martin announces his engagement to Arab artist Jwan Yosef Proudly showed off his engagement band on US TV 'You're a chauvinistic pig!': Geri Horner blasts director who wanted The Spice Girls to reveal more cleavage in feisty behind-the-scenes throwback video Police call off search for Charlie Sheen's children after being spotted at a car wash with mom Brooke Mueller hours after from turning up at a bar barefoot with them  'I will NEVER get back with her': Jeremy McConnell furiously denies a reconciliation with heavily pregnant ex Stephanie Davis after her health scare Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Daisy Lowe parades her ample cleavage in a plunging gothic dress as she braves the rain in North London Stepped out in a gothic ensemble. The day Luke Skywalker caught us: Carrie Fisher reveals Mark Hamill saw her at Harrison Ford's apartment Supermodel Chanel Iman looks a million dollars in a $68 dress while out in New York The beautiful 25-year-old slipped her slender figure into a black maxi frock Jennifer Garner shops with Violet and Seraphina... after her father Bill joined her in Capital One advert Dressed down in a $123 Sundry 'Shine' sweatshirt 'Happy birthday my angel': Adriana Lima goes all out for her daughter Valentina's 7th birthday with unicorn themed party 'Anything he can do, we can do better!' Bikini-clad Stacey Solomon mounts shirtless Joe Swash's back as they recreate Larry Lamb's I'm A Celeb squat feat Michelle Dockery strips off for VERY raunchy scene with chiseled co-star Juan Diego Botto in Good Behaviour Not such a lady now... What sorcery is this? The magical transformation of J.K. Rowling as Harry Potter author defies her years Looks better in her fifties than ever before EXCLUSIVE: Million Dollar Listing star James Harris reveals he is a recovering alcoholic and how his hard partying LA lifestyle threatened his marriage  EXCLUSIVE 'She was a bully': Laura Whitmore 'bombarded Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice with abusive texts saying he was no good' amid fall-out  Ashley James flaunts her ample bust and envy-inducing abs in a scanty pink bikini as she soaks up the sun in Malta Making most of last day Nip/Tuck star Julian McMahon, 48, takes a dip with wife Kelly Paniagua at Australian beach as he rocks 70s style moustache for new film Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth posts a tender throwback shot of her pregnant figure as she gushes over their baby boy Freddie Reign Looking back Easy rider! Liev Schreiber leaves his bicycle at home to zip around New York's wet streets on his scooter He is frequently seen pedalling around the city Not a hair out of place! Kim Murray keeps her immaculately-coiffed blow-dry in check but can barely contain her excitement as Andy storms to victory Charlotte Riley transforms into the Duchess of Cambridge complete with fine jewels and sweeping fringe as she films royal drama King Charles III Frank Ocean reveals he purposely did not submit album for Grammy consideration... after Kanye West vowed to boycott Kanye can go now... Stephanie Pratt confirms The Hills WAS scripted as she reveals just how 'real' reality television actually is  It was all scripted after all  MackinGOSH! Millie wows in a skimpy emerald swimsuit as she shows off her perky bust and never-ending legs in another sultry snap from Mauritius David and Victoria Beckham enjoy a romantic date night out as they head to one of London's top luxury hotels  Quality time together Smouldering Irina Shayk boosts her cleavage with sexy bralet as she showcases supermodel figure in lingerie-clad selfie Perfect match! Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila Alves coordinate in stylish coats for NYC outing The couple which dresses together... Defiant Honey G looks in high spirits at X Factor rehearsals... as Piers Morgan labels controversial rapper 'grotesque and diabolical' We're engaged! The Goonies child star Corey Feldman proposes to Canadian girlfriend Courtney Anne because he's worried Trump might deport her 'I was racing against the clock': The Black Eyed Peas' Taboo speaks about his secret cancer battle for first time Candid revelation   'It's good to shock your body': Kourtney Kardashian says she does 100 SQUATS every day before showering Ready for a cool down 'Christmas IS coming up!' Carol Vorderman bravely prepares to devour TURKEY TESTICLES in nauseating I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Trial 'I'm trying to be a good husband': Darren Day insists his love rat days are behind him as he embraces life as a devoted family man  Famed for his flings EXCLUSIVE 'I could look like a stuffed sausage': New mum Kristina Rihanoff admits she's worried about getting her post-baby body into skimpy outfits Look how they've changed! Young Nicole Kidman, Kylie Minogue and Russell Crowe are unrecognisable in 'Before They Were Famous' footage Emily Ratajkowski shows off incredibly perky posterior in thong swimsuit before treating pals to cheeky topless dance during beach break 'He's a classy guy': Val Kilmer reveals Michael Douglas has apologised after making 'misinformed' claim that the star had throat cancer 'When was the last time you had a good stick?' Carol Vorderman, 55, and Joel Dommett, 30, share a flirty innuendo about 'a sturdy shaft' What will Harry say? Prince's girlfriend Meghan Markle stars as anarchist's lover in a VERY gritty gangster movie Gritty new role EXCLUSIVE: She's been very naughty this year... Ola Jordan is red hot in festive lingerie as Jolly Old St. James urges lovers to use SEX TOYS this Christmas 'What's meant to be will always find a way...' Vicky Pattison plants kiss on hunky former flame... leading to reconciliation rumours after he jets to Oz 'She'll never get back together with him': Kourtney Kardashian is 'over' Scott Disick... despite the pair recently enjoying a luxury getaway to Mexico 'A** parade': Kourtney Kardashian shares very revealing image of sister Khloe in a bathing suit... then posts an equally naughty snap of herself 'I have nightmares about it': Fiona Phillips grows tearful as she discusses her mother and father's fatal battle with Alzheimer's disease Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama - a web of murder, sex and lies TV at its best Sofia Vergara's lawyer brands ex Nick Loeb's pro-life stance on former couple's frozen embryos 'a bid to gain public exposure' Have hit back Is that you, Barbie? Iggy Azalea flaunts her surgically-enhanced chest by going BRALESS under an open blazer at the GQ Men of the Year Awards 'Thanks to all the great women who make us men truly what we': Chris Hemsworth shows his sensitive side as he receives GQ Man Of The Year 2016 So what really happened onboard Flight Brangelina? FAA audio reveals NO fight was reported - despite claims Brad 'lunged' at son Maddox An A-list date night: Kate Beckinsale cosies up to Pierce Brosnan as they film romantic new scenes for The Only Living Boy In New York What a duo! Move over Cookie! Rumer Willis glows in black and white at premiere as she lands role in the third season of Empire Just like her mum Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Bloomin' sexy! Karrueche Tran flaunts her toned tum in a cropped floral bardot top and matching maxi-skirt at art event What a petal 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a £43 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess TOWIE's Chloe Sims upstages cousin Frankie Essex at her DVD launch as she displays eye-popping cleavage in a daringly low-cut gown Stealing the limelight 'People asked if I was pregnant again': Giovanna Fletcher says she was body-shamed FIVE MONTHS after birth... and urges others be less judgemental April Love Geary, 21, posts more sizzling bikini snaps from Necker Island but remains tight-lipped over 'secret marriage' to Robin Thicke, 39 'I'm still still pinching myself': Britain's first transgender newsreader India Willoughby set to make her debut as Loose Women panellist 'It saved my life': Corrie's Sally Dynevor admits cancer storyline helped her own diagnosis and reveals excitement at Helen Flanagan's return Newly flame-haired Bella Thorne bares her abs after gym session with her 'twin' sister Dani Now that's a red hot new look 'Go eat your broccoli!': Piers Morgan cheekily teases Joe Wicks fans after quipping to the fitness guru that he hates vegetables Never one to hold back Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman gag as they battle through stomach-churning I'm A Celeb Big Bush Bake Off trial 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague Lottie Moss shows off her tanned and toned legs in a plunging pink playsuit as she makes early morning exit from London nightclub Legs be having you 'She cared about her career and never lost her femininity': Amal Clooney reveals her mother is her biggest role model at the Texas Conference For Women Cat Deeley puts on a leggy display in a thigh-grazing pair of shorts as she heads to a pampering session Certainly loving the LA lifestyle Dashing good looks! Hollywood hottie Scott Eastwood cuts a suave figure as he leads the arrivals at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards in Sydney Well-suited! Ian Thorpe takes to the red carpet with beau Ryan Channing at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards Red carpet romance Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  A bedroom far, far away 'Has anyone made David disappear yet?': Victoria Beckham begs David Blaine to make husband vanish in a puff of smoke on TV special That's magic Make-up free Jennifer Garner, 44, shows off youthful good looks and endless legs as she enjoys lunch with Alias co-star Victor Garber Looked lovely One Direction... to the bar! Dapper Niall Horan heads to The Nice Guy with a pretty female pal as he continues to enjoy LA life  Best night ever? Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Vampy in velvet! Emma Watson stuns in black dress for Museum Of Modern Art benefit in NYC honoring Tom Hanks Style sensation That's a bit tight! Ireland Baldwin puts on eye-popping display in a TINY bikini top for series of selfies What would dad Alec say? The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London No time to sleep! Britney Spears keeps fans awake as she releases new single Slumber Party at midnight    She's back! Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne opt for casual chic outfits while shopping together at Los Angeles flea market Grown very close in recent months Wildest Dreams! Taylor Swift tops Forbes richest celebs under 30 list with $170 million in ONE YEAR... more than double her nearest rival  She still on top No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere An early Christmas present! Christina Hendricks flaunts her formidable bust in tight dress at Bad Santa 2 premiere Sending the men mad Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Seeing red! Amy Adams and lookalike ginger Isla Fisher stock up for the holidays at Beverly Hills gifting suite Red-dy to party  Double date! Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson hang with longtime friends Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw at MOMA tribute to actor Power couples Fabulous at 47! Supermodel Christy Turlington looks elegant in black and diamonds at Tom Hanks MOMA tribute in NYC Always in fashion Poppy Delevingne puts on vibrant display of color as she attends MOMA Film Benefit in sleeveless patterned dress Bright young thing Is she fur real? Lady Gaga wears MASSIVE furry pelt as she pampers herself at Epione Salon in Beverly Hills Made an entrance Laughing out loud! Sarah Paulson has director David O. Russell in fits of giggles as they walk the red carpet for his Past Forward premiere  Girl time! Michelle Williams is attached at the hip with gal pal Busy Philipps...after talking about daughter Matilda's 'petting zoo' Out and about 'I remember feeling very insignificant': Emma Stone wows at La La Land premiere... as she reveals film depicts her worst audition experiences Demi Moore, 54, looks frozen in time as she shows off line-free complexion at screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looked amazing Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Couples dressing! Kate Mara and boyfriend Jamie Bell are a chic pair in complementary looks at the premiere of Past Forward Prince's record label sues Jay-Z and Tidal for 'streaming all of the late singers music without permission'  Has been streaming since June Allison Williams strikes a flirty pose in floral patterned frock at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  'Due to the current climate': Alicia Keys switches from new single to political song Holy War on The Voice The 35-year-old singer got political 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Having a clear out Flower power! Michelle Monaghan clings to summer in pretty floral dress... as she attends her THIRD event in one night  Mellow yellow Alexa Chung flaunts her lithe legs in a quirky leather mini-dress as she attends MOMA film benefit in NYC Now that's one way to ruffle the arts crowd Tutu beautiful! Karlie Kloss stuns in ballerina-inspired black mini dress at Art Party in NYC Always a red carpet regular Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Telling you how to do it Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD 'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Home expected to cost $129, Chromecast Ultra to be priced at $69 Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | September 23, 2016 59 shares 43 15 0 0 0 0 0 1 0               Hot on the heels of a report that leaked the upcoming Google Wifi router, new details on other devices that’ll debut on October 4 have leaked. The Google Home assistant device will cost $129 when it’s announced on October 4, says Android Police. To compare, Amazon’s Echo is $179.99. The Echo is Google Home’s biggest competitor, with both devices letting you get answers to questions and access apps using your voice. While still unofficial, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see Google price Home lower than Amazon’s Echo. The Amazon Echo has been on the market for a while now and has gotten quite a bit of praise and several new features in the process. If Google wants Home to succeed, it’s got to take the fight to the Echo, and giving the Home a price that’s $50 less than the Echo is one way to do that. Meanwhile, Google’s upcoming Chromecast Ultra is expected to be priced at $69. Google’s current Chromecast costs $35, so the Chromecast Ultra would be just about twice the price of the standard Chromecast. The marquee feature of the Chromecast Ultra will reportedly be 4K support. The good news for folks that don’t have a 4K television, though, is that Google is expected to continue offering the $35 Chromecast alongside this Chromecast Ultra. The Google Home and Chromecast Ultra are expected to debut on October 4, along with Google’s new Pixel phones and a Google Wifi router. Google has confirmed an announcement for October 4, but hasn’t said what will be revealed on that date. Source:  Android Police Android Rumors and Leaks Google Previous ArticleSnapchat Spectacles leak shows sunglasses with built-in camera Next ArticleSprint may have ended leasing program for new Android phones Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts While imperfect, today's upgrade methods are still an improvement to what they used to be Snapchat Spectacles leak shows sunglasses with built-in camera Xiaomi Mi Box appears at Walmart store with $69 price tag Swift Playgrounds: Not just for kids View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 5 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 21 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 21 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
null
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Quinn: Salesforce’s mission of love as it possibly pursues buying Twitter By Michelle Quinn / September 23, 2016 at 12:13 PM It is hard to find a way that Salesforce buying Twitter makes sense except love. Love of Twitter, for its real-time platform, its 24/7 river of opinions and news, its 10-year history of being the place many go to talk when something happens in their cities or in the world. That love is likely combined with fear that the company, even under CEO and co-founder Jack Dorsey, who took over Twitter in 2015, really can’t figure out a way to be an independent firm over the long term. It has struggled to grow its user base even as Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat have mushroomed in size. Advertisers have been leaving, as CNBC reported. Executives have been running for the exits. And it has been besieged with how to handle harassment on its platform, as reported many times. Even with its smart moves such as live-streaming events, such as NFL games and the three upcoming presidential debates, Twitter still has a mountain to climb in terms of gaining meaningful viewers to compete with the likes of network TV and cable. Rumors that Twitter may entertain bids from Salesforce, Alphabet, the parent company of Google, and other potential buyers sent shares of the firm up more than 20 percent on Friday, as Rex Crum wrote. While Google’s interest makes sense — it has struggled to find a foothold in social media — Salesforce, the business-to-business cloud solutions provider, doesn’t as much. The company, led by Marc Benioff, appears to want a social network, having lost a bid for LinkedIn earlier this year to Microsoft. But Twitter? Mark Mahaney, the RBC analyst, said on CNBC that for Salesforce, LinkedIn “was the asset that would have really have been useful to them.” “Twitter is less useful,” he added. Ouch. TechCrunch speculates that Salesforce could use Twitter to expand into new businesses by tapping into the stream of real-time data that Twitter produces. Maybe, but a more likely rationale is that Benioff wants to buy Twitter because, because…. Love of course. Benioff has issued nearly 13,000 tweets and has 275,000 followers. He uses Twitter like his own personal public access channel to promote Salesforce, of course, but also to chime in on news of the day or take elected officials to task. Vala Afshar, Salesforce’s chief digital evangelist, outlined that love in a tweet Friday: Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 He followed that up a few hours later, walking back the timing of his earlier tweet: I have tweeted my personal views regarding ‘Why Twitter?’ numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter. — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Twitter has tried to be an independent public company. It’s tired. Sure, if Twitter becomes part of a larger firm, whether it is Google or Salesforce, it will lose some of its renegade, bumpier characteristics. But Twitter needs to survive, and in good hands. Its fate matters, more than Yahoo or LinkedIn and more than many other Internet companies. Twitter is, as Afshar says, a way to “democratize intelligence.” Salesforce’s shares are down more than 5 percent Friday after media reports reported the Twitter rumors. Maybe Salesforce shareholders are also struggling with the rationale for such an acquisition, however exciting it may be. Benioff will have to figure out how to translate his love into something that Salesforce shareholders will understand. Above: Outside Twitter’s headquarters in San Francisco. (John Green/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Google, Jack Dorsey, marc benioff, Microsoft, Salesforce, twitter, Verizon   More Posts in News Facebook is marketplace for endangered species parts, from elephants, rhinos, tigers: report November 16, 2016   Facebook discovers more miscalculated ad metrics November 16, 2016   Google’s close ally picked for President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team: report November 15, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       ttt Why are there still so many naysayers about Twitter even after today’s big news? I guess that just proves that those so-called experts are in fact dumber than you and I. Lafayette Escadrill Experts don’t contribute to anything, they just BS.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google’s close ally picked for President-elect Donald… Is activist investor Starboard looking to run at Hewlett… Weeping guitars: Prince’s estate sues Jay Z’s… Quinn: Let’s get real about the fake news problem at… Tech industry sends Donald Trump a wish list     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now Skype without a user account November 16, 2016 Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now Skype without a user account November 16, 2016 Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close SyrupCast 88: Recall blues Apple Watch Series 2 review: The best wearable just got better Google reportedly set to debut $129 USD home Wi-Fi router on October 4 Rose Behar September 23, 2016 4:13pm Google is set to debut its own Wi-Fi router on October 4th, according to Android Police. The publication states that two independent sources have said the router will be called Google Wi-Fi and will cost $129 USD. One source in particular noted that the router would debut alongside the tech giant’s new Pixel and Pixel XL devices, Google Home and the 4K ‘Chromecast Ultra.’ The router will reportedly have “smart” features, perhaps along the lines of Google’s OnHub router, co-developed with TP Link, which became available in Canada on August 31st at Best Buy for $269 CAD. OnHub brought with it the ability to troubleshoot via smartphone app and the promise of continuous channel optimization. In appearance, it might look something like a white Amazon Echo Dot, which measures in at 32 mm x 84 mm x 84 mm. One of Android Police‘s sources also states that two or more Google Wi-Fi access points can be joined together to create a larger network — though it isn’t clear whether this is a launch feature, or something that may come at some point in the future. Related: Google to rollout Wi-Fi Assistant feature to all Nexus devices in Canada SourceAndroid Police rick So let me guess. Dns is hard coded to Google Dns and it logs all your Web traffic destination or activity. Yes no thanks. Combined with the fact the providers seem to want to force their crappie routers on you or pay for the highest package to get them to put it in bridge mode. I am liking Google and it’s information tracking less and less David Foggia Everything you do is tracked by everything you interact with. Nobody cares about your life at all…at least in terms of the NSA rick Really. No one cares. Is that why Google is rich…….because no one cares about the meta data they capture from people using their services. Who said ANYTHING about NSA. Two completely different things. Go bark at someone about encrypting iphones and leave me alone. David Foggia Ok Rick. I apologize deusfaux what? this must be an internet first. you’re supposed to say something about his mother Stephie Mumble mumble I’m sure she’s a lovely woman. It’s Me People forget that Google got caught sniffing wifi networks and then collecting and storing the intercepted data through their google maps cars. Google claimed that there were accidentally intercepting payload data. And then collecting it. And then storing it. By your description, it seems like a perfect way to get around restrictions placed on their war driving activities. And get people to pay them for it to boot. hardy83 Especially knowing that if you install this, you’ll more than likely have to agree to a dozen+ page EULA in legalese that they know people won’t read or understand that lets them collect it all and brush their hands of any responsibility. Lexcyn Well since OnHub was such a disappointment (still no IPv6 or working USB ports), why should we trust Google with another product they can just basically stop developing for? fred Why would you need ipv6 over USB? Kent Ratke Just going to put this out there. I like my onhub…a lot. Vito R. Rose, the TP Link OnHub came out LAST year… Kent Ratke Yeah, I can confirm I bought mine in Vancouver like last summer. ConcertMaster What’s the point? There are so many routers out there and fundamentally there sounds like nothing special about this offering. There is only so much I’ll trust Google with anyways and routers isn’t one of them. johny love my on hub.. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Business First Look Who will buy Twitter? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Why are these toys considered the '10 worst' for 2016? Clinton leads popular vote, but Trump says he could have won it if he tried Trump ditches press for dinner: could that say anything about his presidency? How to watch the Leonid meteor shower tonight The struggling social media site is reportedly in talks with several suitors, including Google's parent company Alphabet and Salesforce. By Lonnie Shekhtman, Staff writer September 23, 2016 Save for later Saved The Twitter logo and trading information is displayed just after the opening bell on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, Sept. 23, 2016. Brendan McDermid/Reuters View Caption About video ads View Caption of Twitter is reportedly in talks with several companies that are interested in buying the social media site. Among the suitors, reports CNBC, citing anonymous sources, are Google’s parent company Alphabet and Salesforce, which builds software that helps businesses manage information about their customers. Other companies rumored to be interested in buying Twitter include Verizon, AT&T, Chernin Group, and Microsoft, according to The New York Post. None of the companies involved have confirmed the rumors. The prospect of a sale to technology analysts and observers seems likely, given that Twitter, which began trading publicly in 2013, has been struggling to grow users and revenue. Professional networking site LinkedIn was in a similar situation when Microsoft announced in June that it would buy the beleaguered company for $26.2 billion. Recommended: Are you savvy about social networks? Take our quiz to find out. Twitter has added 9 million monthly users, 1 million of those in the United States, since co-founder Jack Dorsey was brought back in July 2015 as chief executive to save the nearly decade-old company, reports The Wall Street Journal. Facebook, in contrast, grew its monthly users in the same time-frame by 164 million. Test your knowledge Are you savvy about social networks? Take our quiz to find out. Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/16 Rumors of sales talks led to the largest one-day jump in Twitter’s stock value since its first day of trading in 2013. Shares jumped 20 percent to $22.46 per share on Friday. Before that, the stock had fallen 30 percent over the past year, as the Journal reports. An acquisition by Google would make sense, since the search giant has been trying unsuccessfully to gain more share of the social media market. “Twitter potentially  would hold a lot of promise for a company like Google both to expand its advertising business on desktop and mobile, tapping into a stream of consumers of social media who are slowly being lured away from Google by another huge social media platform, Facebook,” writes technology news site TechCrunch. Salesforce’s interest makes less sense on its face. But as TechCrunch suggests, perhaps one of the big attractions for the software maker is the real-time data from Twitter’s 313 million monthly active users. Salesforce is already known as a huge acquirer of companies, and, according to the Journal, has been interested in expanding into new areas of business. In fact, Salesforce tried to buy LinkedIn, but was outbid by Microsoft. Next up Test your knowledge Are you savvy about social networks? Take our quiz to find out. Will Twitter, Facebook bring new viewers by livestreaming debates? First Look How LinkedIn wants to do more than just promote your resume Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 For students, protests are about more than just Trump A post-election surge in hate crimes – and in kindness The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy Powered by wood: Why can't renewable jet fuels take off? What Steve Bannon's White House appointment means to the alt-right Popular Now Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look Why are Greeks protesting President Obama's visit? First Look Racist Facebook post about Michelle Obama spawns online firestorm First Look Life brewing in Martian 'ice cauldrons'? Maybe, say scientists. For students, protests are about more than just Trump   Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/16 Latest News First Look Why are these toys considered the '10 worst' for 2016? Doing Good How one of Gen. George Patton’s grandsons helps vets with PTSD Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Google Drive Search Gets a Natural Language Boost, More News By David Roe | Sep 23, 2016 CHANNEL: Document Management Google is bringing the powerful natural language processing (NLP) technology that underlies its search engine to Google Drive. In a blog post announcing the move this week, Josh Smith, product manager at Google Drive, described NLP as a fancy way of saying “search like you talk.” It means that users can type things like “find the Twitter analytics spreadsheet” or “where is my conference presentation” and Drive will suggest search results related to those queries, even if the name does not match. The search employs machine learning to produce more accurate results as time passes.  “Drive NLP will get better with each query — so keep on searching,” Smith wrote. More Improvements to Drive Search The "smarter" searching wasn't the only improvement the Mountain View, Calif.-based company made to the search experience in Google Drive.  The search bar now suggests corrections to misspelled terms, much in the same way the traditional Google search experience does. Part of the announcements included improvements specific to Google Docs, giving users the ability to split documents into multiple columns — think publishing here — as well as the ability to save documents in their original formats. The updated features are available now, though the company is doing a gradual rollout.  Adobe Sign Improves Salesforce Signing Without e-signatures, the process of digitally moving documents from capture to signing the final contract hits a brick wall.   While Salesforce users have had San Jose, Calif.-based Adobe Sign (formerly known as EchoSign) on desktop for a few years now, an upgrade this week makes the process possible from mobile devices as well. This latest upgrade incorporates features from the Salesforce Lightning platform to provide end users and admins a new — and the companies claim, improved — user experience.  The Lightning components will give admins new tools Adobe Sign set up, as well as advanced workflows for San Francisco-based Salesforce users — no coding required. Page admins can build pages as they see fit, using the Adobe Sign Send and Agreement components and an Adobe Sign agreement list. Finally, a new features tool kit gives agreement senders more options when complex workflows are required.  Adobe promise further details will be revealed during its presentation at — where else — Dreamforce. AeroFS Connects To Office Online Enterprise collaboration vendor AeroFS, announced new document creation and editing capabilities for its Amium content-centric collaboration product that provides access to Microsoft Office Online features and version history. The integration is a result of Palo Alto, Calif.-based AeroFS’s participation in the Microsoft Cloud Storage Partner Program. With it, Amium users can create, open, view and edit Word, PowerPoint and Excel documents within Amium — including real-time co-authoring for collaborating on documents. The Amium solution turns any file into a real-time activity feed and conversation. The cloud-based solution unifies file sync and sharing, team messaging and associated collaboration activities in a single view. Editing is a core part of Amium’s Office Online integration, and can be accessed with a single click in any Word, PowerPoint or Excel document. With real-time co-authoring, several people can work in the same document simultaneously and see each other’s updates as they are made. Amium also includes integrations with HelloSign, Stripe, GitHub, PagerDuty, Atlassian's Jira and others. Lexmark Improves Mobile Capture Finally, Lexington, Ky.-based Lexmark made some major enhancements to its Kofax Mobile Capture Platform this week. According to Lexmark, these enhancements give organizations further tools to "create dynamic mobile apps that streamline information-intensive customer interactions and extend self-service capabilities to provide a better customer experience." Customers can now embed mobile capture capabilities within their own mobile capture apps with what the company promises will add little friction to the customer experience. Lexmark's server-based optical character recognition technology helps power these interactions. Also included in the release is the Kofax Mobile Credit and Debit Card Framework — which gives Kofax customers a new method of collecting payment by taking a snapshot of the payment card on mobile device.  The release comes with analytics and interactive dashboards which provide insight into mobile app usage and engagement levels. “Mobile is the preferred and primary channel of engagement for today’s customers. This mindset comes with high expectations for easy to use and frictionless experiences,” Reynolds C. Bish, president of Lexmark Enterprise Software said in a statement.  0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers Hubspot Unveils GrowthBot, a Chatbot for Sales & Marketing Digital Customer Experience Is a Business Priority, CMSWire Survey Says Turn Off Your Printer: It's Almost World Paper Free Day Google Adds Slack Integration to G Suite, More News Dropbox Paper Enhances Collaboration, More Document News Adobe Updates Acrobat DC to Improve Document Editing, Signing Google Drive Search Gets a Natural Language Boost, More News Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags aerofs, digital workplace, eim, document management, document management roll-up, google, google drive, lexmark, kofax, adobe, salesforce, salesforce lightning   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 14 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2016 Nov 22 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Productivity Paradox #SocBizChat Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' view comments Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light view comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments Hubspot Unveils GrowthBot, a Chatbot for Sales & Marketing view comments Digital Customer Experience Is a Business Priority, CMSWire Survey Says view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Home The new Google Home speaker will reportedly cost $50 less than the Amazon Echo New, 42 comments by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Sep 23, 2016, 4:12pm EDT share tweet Linkedin We figured Google was going to show off its Amazon Echo competitor, Google Home, at its event next month, but up until now, we had no idea on pricing. A report from Android Police today now suggests that the Home will cost $129 when it's released. That’s $50 less than the Echo. We have yet to see how well the Home works, but we do know that while it was built to be used across rooms and to answer questions using Search, Google hasn’t yet opened up its API, so it might not be compatible with as many devices as the Echo. Hopefully the OnHub router isn’t the norm for finding partner companies. We’re also thinking Google will introduce a new router that’s similar to Eero at its event, as well as its new Pixel phones and a Chromecast Ultra that streams in 4K. That new Chromecast is expected to cost $69. A look at Google Home Source: Android Police Next Up In Circuit Breaker Electric Objects’ new EO2 display put cool internet art in my sad bedroom What are Snapchat Spectacles, and do I have to be a teen to wear them? OnePlus' Bullets earphones are criminally underpriced You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The best drone you can buy DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Gaming Culture Square Enix wants to turn cult classic Nier into something much bigger by Andrew Webster There’s a good chance you haven’t heard of Nier, an action role-playing game released in 2010. Despite coming from Square Enix — the company behind genre mainstays like Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest — the game didn’t sell particularly well, and... New, 0 comments Science US & World Environment China to Trump: Why are you blaming us for climate change? by Alessandra Potenza@ale_potenza In 2012, Donald Trump tweeted that climate change was a concept invented by China to make US businesses less competitive. Four years later, Trump was elected president of the United States — and so China decided to address the preposterous claim,... New, 6 comments Gaming Entertainment Culture Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC by Chris Plante@plante I have sunk a couple thousand dollars into a top-of-the-line gaming PC. After a week with the PS4 Pro, I’m beginning to regret it. PC gaming has secured a monopoly on high-end visuals by catering to a subset of gamers willing to spend limitless... Entertainment TV Culture Full Frontal with Samantha Bee was just renewed through 2017 by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, The Daily Show alum’s acclaimed news comedy series on TBS, has been renewed through 2017. Variety reports that the weekly show, which regularly skewers politics and current events with a feminist bent, was picked up... US & World Tech Facebook The author of The Filter Bubble on how fake news is eroding trust in journalism by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton In the aftermath of a US presidential election that seemed to shock at least half the country, many Americans are asking themselves how they missed the popularity of Donald Trump. One answer is a concept known as the filter bubble: the idea that... Watch This Entertainment Film Watch Lost Boy, a gorgeous and gritty cyberpunk short film by Andrew Webster If you’re a fan of artist and designer Ash Thorp, there’s a good chance you’ve heard him talk about “Lost Boy,” a personal project that looked to blend together elements of Akira and Mad Max into some kind of new sci-fi universe. Well, now that... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Pixel launch: What happened and can I watch it again? Elyse Betters4 October 2016Phones Google Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google's "Made by Google" event received a lot of hype and anticipation as it promised more than just a new product launch. It was in fact Google's chance to rebrand and reposition itself a serious contender in the consumer electronics space and to show it can compete on hardware as well as software. We expected to see a couple of new Pixel smartphones to replace the outgoing Nexus brand, more information on the company's Daydream virtual reality headset, a new Chromecast streaming dongle, Google Home wireless speaker with the Google Assistant built in, and Google's answer to the Amazon Echo and Google Wi-Fi.  Suffice to say, we got all that, and there was a lot to take in. Fortunately for you, we've rounded up everything that was announced on this page, but if you want to watch the keynote speech again for yourself, you can do. What is "Made by Google" about? Google advertised its 4 October event under the tagline "Made by Google". It's to show that Google is ditching the Nexus brand for its flagship smartphones and that it wants to place greater emphasis on hardware. Up until now, Google has sourced third-party manufacturers to make most of its products, for it to then install its software. What Google now wants to do is have more of an input into the hardware itself so it can fully optimise it to work with its software.  Where can I watch the Made by Google event livestream? The livestream started at 5pm UK time and finished at around 6.30pm. If you want to watch it all again to see Google representatives show how to use all the products and software announced, you can do so on YouTube or by clicking play on the video below. Google has also launched a new website specifically for the event. What did Google launch at the Made by Google event? Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones Bell Google unsurprisingly launched two new smartphones at the event: the Pixel and Pixel XL. The two phones were subject to numerous leaks in the days, weeks and months leading up to the event, so we already had a good idea of what to expect. Needless to say, both Pixel smartphones look incredible and we can't wait to get them in for review. The Pixel is the smaller of the two smartphones, with a 5in full HD AMOLED display with 441ppi (pixels per inch), while the Pixel XL gets a 5.5in 2560x1440 Quad HD display with 534ppi. Both screens are protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4 and both get treated to full metal bodies with a glass panel covering the top third of the rear. This glass panel is where you'll find a fingerprint scanner. Both phones come with a 12-megapixel rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and 4K video support and an 8MP snapper on the front. They'll both be available in three colours: Quite Black, Very Silver and Really Blue. The Pixel has a starting price of £599 while the Pixel XL will be more expensive, starting at £719. Both will be released on October 20. Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Everything you need to know Google Daydream Google As well as outline its Daydream virtual reality platform in more detail than before, Google unveiled its own VR headset due for release in November. Google Daydream View is a similar device to other mobile headsets in that it houses a phone, but will only work with Daydream-ready handsets. At present that's just the Pixel and Pixel XL. It also differs from peers in that it is covered in material, not just plastic, for a more comfortable, less geeky feel. Whether that comes across is debateable as, from where we're standing, it looks a bit like a pair of socks, but at least it is different. The headset and dedicated remote control will retail for £69 in the UK, $79 in the US when they are available next month. The Daydream platform will also be adopted by other manufacturers when they introduce compatible handsets, so you will be able to find VR content more easily than before. Apps and videos will be available through a one-stop, dedicated hub. What is Google Daydream and when is it coming? 4K Chromecast Ultra VentureBeat With 4K video hitting the headlines it made sense for Google to jump on the bandwagon with a 4K Ultra HD-ready version of its Chromecast streaming dongle. What's more, it announced that there will be movies on its Google Play store that are in 4K to view on it. The Chromecast Ultra, which looks like the current Chromecast 2, will also stream UHD content with HDR and even Dolby Vision picture tech if needed. And other content providers' 4K videos will be compatible too. It'll be available from November in the States for $69. Current thinking is that it'll cost £69 in the UK, but might be a little lower. Google 4K Chromecast Ultra: Everything you need to know Google Home Google Google announced an Amazon Echo-like device called Google Home in May, and then at its Made by Google event, it announced when you would be able to get your hands on the speaker. Google Home is a Wi-Fi enabled, voice-activated speaker that works as a smarthome control centre and an assistant for the whole family. You can use it to play entertainment throughout your entire house, manage every-day tasks, and ask Google what you want to know. Google Home also acts as a Chromecast Audio receiver. The device itself has interchangeable bases available in various colours and finishes. Underneath that swappable shell there is a speaker that can playback songs and allow Google Assistant to talk to you. The speaker features dual side-facing passive radiators, which deliver full range, clear highs, and rich bass. At the top of the device there is a capacitive touch display with four LEDs. You'll use this interact with Home, like trigger the Assistant, adjust volume, etc. As for buttons, there are none at the top (just dual mics that listen for your voice). There is a single mute button on the shell. Google Home is able to filter and separate speech from noise and offers "best-in-class voice recognition", according to Google. A big part of Google Home is going to be Google Assistant that powers it. Like Amazon's Echo, it's going to offer a full range of services all powered by your voice and connected into a range of other services and devices. At launch, Google Home works with Nest, SmartThings, Philips Hue, IFTTT, YouTube Music, Spotify, Pandora, Google Play Music, TuneIn, and iHeart Radio. Google Home is now available for pre-order in the US for $129. It will be in stores on 4 November. It's coming soon to the UK, Google told Pocket-lint, but it's not yet available to pre-order in the country. What is Google Home, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Google Wi-Fi Google Google has announced a new Wi-Fi router at its Made by Google event. Last year, Google introduced the OnHub router with TP-Link and Asus, but this year, Google has made its own device called Google Wi-Fi. Each base station looks like a Scandinavian-style, double-stacked hockey puck that Google described as a "visually subtle" disk. You can buy multiple routers to form a mesh network. You basically put several of these disks around your home to boost your network, allowing you to get Wi-Fi signal everywhere, from your bathroom to your basement. Think of Google Wi-Fi as an expandable system for better coverage. Instead of one router, multiple routers work together to deliver fast input to throughout your home, Google said. It's basically a modular system. Google Wi-Fi has a feature called Network Assist that allows it to actively manage and optimise your network behind the scenes so you don't have to adjust settings. Google Wi-Fi handles networking automatically, picking channels, etc, and it keeps the signal strong in every corner of your house by transitioning your device to the best router for less congestion and better speed. Google Wi-Fi will be available for pre-order in November in the US. It costs $129 for one base station or $299 for three and should ship in December. It won't be coming to the UK for now, but Google said it “hopes to make it available in the future". Google Wi-Fi router announced, pre-orders start in November Google Andromeda Android Police The Wall Street Journal reported last year that Google is attempting to fold Chrome OS into Android. Engineers at Google have reportedly been trying to combine the two systems over the past three years, with the goal of unveiling a single, unified operating system by 2017. Google 'Pixel 3' laptop running Andromeda OS planned for 2017 For instance, more recently, Android Police claimed Google will release a Bison/Pixel 3 convertible laptop in Q3 2017, while 9to5Google said a Nexus-branded, 7-inch tablet made by Huawei will arrive by the end of 2016. Both these devices will run a new OS called Andromeda, which is thought to be the name of Google's hybrid Android/Chrome OS. What is Google Andromeda? We expected to hear more about Andromeda at Google's event but sadly this wasn't the case. If rumours about devices running the new OS are true, we could see a separate event later in the year. Want to know more? Related news is available through Pocket-lint's Google hub. Sections Google Android Phones Smarthome OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? Want the OnePlus 3T? You'll have to go to O2 Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? OnePlus 3T vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Want the OnePlus 3T? You'll have to go to O2 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? OnePlus 3T: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? Apple iPhone 8 might include two 5.5-inch models with dual cameras OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Watch Dogs 2 contains sexually explicit full frontal nudity, Ubisoft promises patch Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← [Video] Google Allo vs. Google Hangouts Google AI’s photo recognition achieves 94 percent accuracy → Exclusive: Google Home will cost $129, Chromecast Ultra will cost $69 Sep 24 Posted by ishubhamsingh Speaking to Android Police, two sources claim that Google will announce its Google Home and the 4K ‘Chromecast Ultra’ devices will be priced at $129 and $69, respectively, at its October 4th event. Google Home was announced at Google I/O in May. Our sources also confirmed that the personalized base covers Google showed at I/O will be a feature of the final device. The $129 price point for Google Home matches that of the previously-unrumored Google Wifi, a router that will allegedly be able to create a single, large wireless network using multiple access points. Read More Exclusive: Google Home will cost $129, Chromecast Ultra will cost $69 was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2czikxr via Blogger http://ift.tt/2d6HG6U Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on September 24, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← [Video] Google Allo vs. Google Hangouts Google AI’s photo recognition achieves 94 percent accuracy → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (609) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (723) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,106) Android Authority (3,130) Games (3,566) Phones (3,566) apps (3,567) tablets (3,569) android (9,386) Recent Posts Google Allo updated with Smart Smiley emoji suggestions and chat themes November 17, 2016 T-Mobile introduces “Magenta Friday” – Deals on phones and accessories November 17, 2016 T-Mobile announces Black (and magenta) Friday deals including free lines, a free Galaxy S7, and accessory sales November 17, 2016 Steam multiplayer favorite Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes comes to Daydream VR November 17, 2016 Deal: How to Build Habit-Forming Products (Up to 80% off) November 17, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,152 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google might launch a new 'Google Wi-Fi' router at October event Elyse Betters23 September 2016Smart Home Google (OnHub) Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google's a couple weeks away from announcing new hardware, including a home router product, according to a new report. Android Police claimed the Mountain View, CA-based company has developed something called Google Wi-Fi. Consumers can reportedly expect this Wi-Fi device to be unveiled on 4 October during Google's #MadebyGoogle event, where Google is also expected to introduce two flagship phones under the brand "Pixel", rather than Nexus, though they're still designed to showcase Android. Google Wi-Fi will apparently be able to link up with multiple units, allowing it to form a mesh network of sorts, kind of like Eero. The single one will cost $129, and it's not yet clear if it will be related to the company's existing OnHub router range or something different. Android Police suggested it will be similar to OnHub in that it offers smart features and a better range than most routers. Keep in mind OnHub routers are made by other companies, and Google is marketing its October event under the "Made by Google" tagline, which suggests everything we see at the show will be Google-branded and maybe even Google-made. Other things expected to be unveiled on 4 October include the Google Home speaker and a 4K-capable Chromecast dubbed Chromecast Ultra. You can read more about all those devices from Pocket-lint's roundup. Update: Droid-Life is now offering some information on Google Wi-Fi. It claimed the router is dual band and features two ports, AC1200 speeds, 802.15.4 radios, and Bluetooth. It can also be setup "in minutes" and is said to look like a small, white Amazon Echo Dot. Sections Google Smarthome Source: Android Police What is Google Home, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa Hive review: The British Gas system that's the hub of all things Dyson 360 Eye review: Finally, a robotic vacuum that really works Popular In Smart Home On Pocket-lint How does the Eve app compare to Apple Home app? Amazon Echo Dot review: The tiny personal assistant with big personality How to solve Sick Building Syndrome at home and work Anyone can buy anything using your Amazon Echo, here's how to stop it Samsung Family Hub connected fridge now available in UK A guide to Elgato Eve HomeKit accessories Tesla Solar Roof will power your home and look good in the process Bonjour is a smart alarm clock that doubles as a personal assistant O2 Home offers an easy route down the smarthome path Logitech Pop is a smarthome switch that can quite literally get the party started OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Watch Dogs 2 contains sexually explicit full frontal nudity, Ubisoft promises patch When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Android celebrates its 8th birthday as Google teases something “sweet” for tomorrow +13,565 Chris Chavez Sep 23rd, 2016 It may sound odd, but in some ways Android has a few different birthdays. November 5th, 2007 is the day we saw Google’s Andy Rubin announce the Open Handset Alliance — and the Android mobile operating system along with it — but it wasn’t until September 23rd, 2008 that Google released the Android 1.0 SDK. This was also the same day the T-Mobile G1 (HTC Dream) was made official, a full 8 years ago today. In honor of Android’s 8th birthday, Google seems to be teasing something on their Android Twitter account, mentioning that they’ve whipped up “something sweet” for tomorrow — not today. What that ends up being is anyone’s guess, the post on Twitter just shows an Android figurine baking something (KitKats, Marshmallows, and Nougat are pictured), but we have a feeling it will be some sort of tribute video or possibly a promo of some sort. Of course, that has stopped some from speculating. We’re seeing people post everything from Nougat 7.1, to Allo/Duo integration, and everything in between. We’re proud to say that we at Phandroid have been following Android since the beginning, covering all angles of the platform exhaustively over the past 8+ years. It’s been a fun ride and we’re not going anywhere. Next week, Google’s rumored Pixel smartphones are expected to make their debut and as always, we’ll be covering the event live at their October 4th event in San Francisco. Stay tuned. [Twitter] local_offer    Google   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (16) stars Further Reading OnePlus 3T charging proves solid Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more Google and Facebook are challenging bogus websites Google WiFi preorders launch Free Daydream Views now available stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Data And Telecom      Nashville Passes ‘One Touch Make Ready’ Ordinance Related Content Topic :  Cell Phones  Cell phones are so ubiquitous that in many areas they outnumber people Blog :  CenturyLink Buying Level 3, Selling Data Centers and Colocation Assets Article :  Telecom and Fleet Management Enjoy a Close Relationship Nashville Passes ‘One Touch Make Ready’ Ordinance Carl Weinschenk |   Data and Telecom   |   Posted 23 Sep, 2016          |         |     Share Five Barriers for Enterprise Mobility How Google Fiber and other competitive service providers physically deploy their networks is a sticky issue. Newcomers often have to ask providers already in the market to participate in the process. For obvious reasons, the incumbents tend to drag their feet. This issue has gotten a lot of attention in Nashville, where Google Fiber is planning to offer services. This week, it got good news: The Metro Council approved the “One Touch Make Ready” ordinance. This is thought likely to expedite Google’s initiative, according to Computerworld: Without the measure, each ISP has had to send out a separate crew to a utility pole to move its own line to make room for a new one. The ordinance would permit a single company to make the wire adjustments on a pole instead of waiting for existing providers -- competitors like Comcast or AT&T-- to make the changes, which could take months. The ordinance passed by voice vote and Mayor Megan Barry is expected sign it into law. The story says that AT&T is considered the most likely incumbent to challenge the law in court. Cable Industry Working on Full Duplex The cable industry has long fought to overcome one of the challenges of its legacy: Its networks carry data far faster downstream (from the core of the cable system to the subscriber) than upstream. It seems that the industry is on the verge of finally putting technology in place that eliminates the issue. In a blog at industry consortium CableLabs’site, Vice President of Wireless Belal Hamzeh wrote that a specification was introduced at last winter’s conference that supports full duplex operation. Full duplex is the technical term for a system with equal speeds in both directions. Its advance will be in the form of an extension of version 3.1 of the Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification (DOCSIS). The post has no word on when the extension will become part of DOCSIS, but the sense is that momentum is strong. Hamzeh pointed to Cisco’s contribution of a reference design for advanced echo cancellation silicon as an example of what he calls the “staggering” support from the vendor ecosystem. Crack the Vote Every four years, Americans hear that the vote may be hacked. This year, the rumbles are louder because of the hacks during the primary season of the Democratic National Committee and, in general, the higher frequency of attacks on government and political databases than in previous years. Kelly Jackson Higgins at Dark Reading reports that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security is offering to help localities protect the voting process. DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson claims to have confidence in the security infrastructure, but acknowledges that the dangers are greater than before. He says that those trying to hack voting systems are more sophisticated than previously. The story notes that within the past few months, Arizona’s registration system was infected with malware and data from 200,000 Illinois voters was stolen. Spark and WebEx to Work Within Salesforce Unified communications (UC) works better and achieves more of its goals if it is integrated into the applications that it is meant to help. That’s why, according to ITWorld, Cisco has made a deal to enable Spark and WebEx from within Salesforce. The story says that the first integration of Spark voice and video collaboration with an outside product was with Apple. That initiative allows Spark voice and video collaboration to be launched from within the iPhone. The Salesforce arrangement may be a bigger deal because Salesforce is a corporate mainstay. The goal is to make life as easy as possible for employees. According to the story: In collaboration, Salesforce is integrating Spark and WebEx into Sales Cloud and Service Cloud using the Salesforce Lightning Framework. This means sales prospects, customers and partners an employee has been working with in Salesforce can be reached right from the app, with no need to look up and re-enter contact information just to set up a virtual meeting, said Rowan Trollope, Cisco’s senior vice president and general manager of IoT and applications. OpenDaylight Introduces Boron The OpenDaylight Project has introduced Boron, the fifth release of the common platform for network virtualization. The wraps were taken off a week before the group’s summit, which will be in Seattle. The release, according to the story at eWeek, focuses on improving performance, tools and other elements around network functions virtualization (NFV) and the cloud. Commentary in the story says that Boron provides carrier-grade capabilities to the platform. The OpenDaylight Project started in 2013. Efforts to achieve similar goals have been undertaken by the Open Networking Foundation and Open Platform for NFV (ONF and OPNFV). Carl Weinschenk covers telecom for IT Business Edge. He writes about wireless technology, disaster recovery/business continuity, cellular services, the Internet of Things, machine-to-machine communications and other emerging technologies and platforms. He also covers net neutrality and related regulatory issues. Weinschenk has written about the phone companies, cable operators and related companies for decades and is senior editor of Broadband Technology Report. He can be reached at cweinsch@optonline.net and via twitter at @DailyMusicBrk. Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 5 Oculus Rift alternatives if you’ve changed your mind Chris Burns - Sep 23, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Today we’re running down a number of alternatives to the Oculus Rift, a device made by the folks who re-invigorated the modern world of virtual reality computing. While no device is exactly like the Oculus Rift, there are a few devices that fit the bill for a wide variety of computing situations – especially gaming. If you’ve been convinced today that you need to send your Oculus Rift right back where it came from, we’ve got a bit of info about that, as well. The Big Ones On the 13th of October, AKA one of the spookiest days of the year, the PlayStation VR headset will be released. This device requires a PlayStation 4 to function, of course, but users that already have that will only be dishing out $399 USD for the unit. See some more FAQ here and some PlayStation VR first-impressions, too. Then there’s the device that’s closest to the Oculus Rift and, depending on who you’re asking, rivals its opponents in a variety of areas. Enter the HTC Vive. We have a full HTC Vive Review waiting for all interested parties to partake in. This device uses room-scale tracking to allow its wearer the ability to stand up, move around, and interact with their virtual realm in a way a bit more massive than the Rift’s current release. Samsung Gear VR Every single person that owns a Galaxy smartphone of any sort – from the past several years – should strongly consider dropping a hundred bucks on this device if they don’t already have it. The Samsung Gear VR takes the Galaxy S and Galaxy Note line and turns a smartphone into a portal into the awesomeness that is mobile VR. It’s not quite the same as a PC-based VR experience, but it’s a WHOLE lot more mobile. This device offers an experience that’s elevated above the Google Cardboard / Daydream experience as it exists at press time, and remains a real healthy alternative to the Oculus Rift without a doubt. Google’s VR Collection There’s always Google Cardboard. Users lucky enough to happen upon a Google Cardboard giveaway (they’re everywhere) or see Google’s VR booth at a trade show or special entertainment event can get these accessories for free. For everyone else, there’s the rest. ABOVE: The New York Times gave away their own-branded version of the Google Cardboard headset. Still cardboard. Still very basic. Still works just fine. Android devices and iPhones are capable of running virtual reality apps, but Google’s concentration remains squarely on Android. They’ve just released their Google VR SDK out of Beta mode, so the already-massive amount of apps available to Android users of all sorts can grow at a higher rate than it was already at. For everyone that doesn’t already own a Google Cardboard headset, there’s no excuse! We’ve got a list of Google Cardboard-compliant headsets we’ve tested back in April. Seek and ye shall find the least expensive option with no moral or monetary strings attached. Returns For those VR enthusiasts that’ve ordered an Oculus Rift and wish to return their order, a few options exist. First, there’s cancelling the order in the first place – that can be done at any point before the device is shipped. This can be done by heading to the Oculus Support page – which, incidentally, doesn’t seem to have gotten the same web design attention that the rest of Oculus’ site has, but there it is anyway. If the device has already shipped, it can be returned if the box it came in remains unopened. According to Oculus, “The unused Oculus Rift can be returned within 30 days from when it was shipped.” Users that’ve opened their boxes and begun using the headset will be out of luck. To eBay they should probably go, if they’re no longer welcome. Story Timeline IMAX virtual reality movie theaters are coming this year MSI launches Windows 10 PCs geared towards Virtual Reality Facebook brings reactions to virtual reality Google is building a virtual reality Chrome browser for Android Steam kicks off weekend-long Virtual Reality sale HTC announces VIVEPORT, a global app store for virtual reality content Google Daydream Labs tackle virtual reality's social problems Tags Androidgoogleoculusoculus riftPhonesSamsungSamsung Gear VRsmartphonevrVR headsets Must Read Bits & Bytes Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Business Home > Business Nicholson promotes The Frick at PowerBreakfast Posted 2 months ago. Christian Morrow Leave a comment NEW HORIZONS—Frick Pittsburgh Director Robin Nicholson tells PowerBreakfast attendees his plans for exhibitions and partnerships that will build a larger, younger and more racially diverse audience. Though he’s been here for two years as newest director of The Frick Pittsburgh museum, Robin Nicholson, a transplanted Scotsman most recently from Virginia, few in the business community know him. But a lot are going to want to, because he’s done something most around here haven’t—he’s partnered with Google. “It’s interesting with all cultural institutions and big Google presence in the city how everyone is so frustrated that they can’t get in touch with these people at Google who have all these great ideas and presumably all this money—and nobody was getting any sponsorship,” he told the audience at the African American Chamber of Commerce PowerBreakfast.  “Fortunately at my previous institution, the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts had worked with them on Google art project—taking high resolution images, creating online exhibition and using their street-mapping to create 360 walk-arounds of the interior. If go to google maps they just launch it for the Frick two weeks ago.” Nicholson is in the process of entice and develop new audiences for the Frick, and he’s hit on a concept that so far appears to be a winner in that regard—fashion. WELCOMING WORDS—Doris Carson Williams jokes that all her African American Chamber of Commerce members will want Nicholson’s card because he knows how to partner with Google. (Photos by J.L. Martello) “It brings in a new diverse and younger audience and I thought the Frick had an opportunity to establish a niche, as we have an extended collection of Gilded Age fashion in permanent collection,” he said. Share “So I got in touch with an associate in Brooklyn working on a show call Killer Heels: The art of the High-Heeled Shoe. It spoke to history, with some dating back to the 17th century, but also a lot of cutting edge designers and in-your face shoes. We anticipated about 14,000 visitors. We got 24,000. And of those, we estimate 10,000 were new visitors. That’s an extraordinary capture rate.” 1 2Next page » Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading Nicholson promotes The Frick at PowerBreakfast Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular Colin Powell slams Trump, endorses Clinton The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. Passionate, proud Franklin named first permanent Black head football coach at Penn State Trump Victory: The Plight of African Americans has suddenly and drastically changed Erasing juvenile records…Duquesne Law School and Housing Authority win expungement grant 2016 Women of Excellence list unveiled Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News 5 Reasons Why Google Would Want to Buy Twitter Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Sipa via AP Images September 23, 2016 | 12:25PM PT Chatter about a possible Twitter acquisition went into high gear Friday after CNBC reported that both Google and Salesforce are weighing to make an offer for the company. There are still doubts whether any of this will come together quickly — Twitter’s board may be asking for up to $30 billion, according to a Recode report. But the interest seems to be real, and the price tag is poised to go down if Twitter continues to struggle with some of its key growth metrics. Which brings us to the question: Why would anyone want to buy a company like Twitter? Turns out that there are plenty of good reasons, especially for a suitor like Google. And not all of them are terribly obvious. Mobile social. Okay, this one is a no-brainer — sort of. Google has long struggled with its social strategy. Not only did Google+ never become anything close to a viable Facebook competitor, Google’s singular focus on Google+ also led to the company missing the success of media-centric mobile social networking like Instagram and Snapchat. Acquiring Twitter could give Google the foundation to start over on social, and use it as a launchpad for a modern mobile social service that doesn’t look like Facebook circa 2010. Plus, a new owner would have a lot more leeway than Twitter’s current leadership to innovate. That’s because Google wouldn’t be beholden to the protectionism that has made it so hard for Twitter’s leadership to change core concepts of its service. Instead, the company could strike a kind of bargain for a fresh start and, for example, also give Twitter’s user base those long-overdue anti-harassment tools. Customer relations. This one is a bit less obvious. Twitter is already being used by countless big brands and small businesses alike to engage with their customers. Those relationships are increasingly valuable to Google, especially as consumers migrate from search to messaging and smart assistants. Facebook knows this very well, which is why it is actively targeting businesses with its Messenger platform. Google is playing catch-up in this space, but it may even be able to leapfrog Facebook if it integrated Twitter with its own assistant. In a scenario like this, consumers could ask a company questions about their products from Google Home, the company’s upcoming smart speaker, its new Allo messenger or Twitter’s mobile app — and a company would field all those inquiries through the same interface, automatically replying to some and manually answering others. Live video. This is another area where Google is playing catch-up with Facebook. Sure, YouTube has had live video for years, but Facebook Live has gotten a lot more attention from media and consumers alike. Twitter’s Periscope has felt that squeeze as well, but the company managed to recover with a flurry of live streaming deals, most notably for Thursday Night Football. Google could use some of that momentum to stay relevant in the live video space, and Periscope’s team could help the company continue to innovate in the mobile streaming space. Advertising. Another no-brainer. For all of its struggles, Twitter has built a fairly solid ad business, to the tune of $535 million for the most recent quarter. And Twitter has just begun to monetize some of its assets, including video, where the company recently introduced an aggressive revenue-sharing deal. Google knows how to sell ads, and could help Twitter realize its full potential in this space. Developer tools. One of Twitter’s most-overlooked assets is Fabric, its collection of mobile developer tools. Fabric helps mobile app developers with anything from analytics to monetization, and it is being in use in more than two billion installed apps. Spotify, Tinder, Ebay and Pandora are just some of its higher-profile users. Tools like this are great for Google because they can make it easier for developers to build apps for phones running the company’s Android operating system. But more importantly, it would also offer Google a huge opportunity to get a foothold in apps installed on hundreds of millions of iPhones, giving the company a chance to make money even if consumers decide to buy a phone built by Apple. Filed Under: Android Google Twitter Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 11:20AM PT What Donald Trump’s Presidency Could Mean for PBS 2 TV 10:12AM PT ‘Gilmore Girls’: Secrets of the Musical in the Netflix Revival (Watch) 3 TV 9:45AM PT Will Skinny Bundles Like AT&T’s DirecTV Now Destroy Pay TV? 4 TV 9:30AM PT Alex Wagner Named Co-Host of Saturday ‘CBS This Morning’ 5 TV 8:53AM PT TV Ratings: ‘This Is Us’ Returns Strong in Post-Election Tuesday No Frontrunner in Sight for Supporting Actor Oscar Race Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Cate Blanchett deja ver el poder femenino en el tráiler de 'RED' CW Midseason Schedule: 'Supernatural' & 'DC's Legends Of… Off-White's Virgil Abloh Talks Spring Shoes and Dressing the… TVLine Items: Rookie Blue Star Visits Chicago, Colony Adds Three… T-Mobile starts holiday sales a week early with Magenta Friday Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's Home might cost $50 less than Amazon's Echo Jeff Dunn Sep. 23, 2016, 3:12 PM 7,174 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Google Home. Google Google’s Home smart speaker will cost $129, according to a new report from Android Police. The report says Google will confirm the price at its scheduled press event on October 4, as expected. The company first unveiled the diminutive speaker at its Google I/O conference this past May. The Home is more or less Google’s version of the Amazon Echo, which has been a surprise hit for the ecommerce giant since launching in late 2014. It utilizes the company’s new Google Assistant digital assistant, which recently arrived alongside the Allo chat app. If this latest rumor holds true, the Home would undercut the Echo’s $180 going rate, but would still cost much more than the $50 Echo Dot, a smaller version of the Echo which Amazon recently relaunched. Beyond the Home, the report corroborates previous rumors and says Google will also use the event to launch an upgraded version of its Chromecast media streamer. That will reportedly be called the Chromecast Ultra, support both 4K and HDR video, and cost $69. If true, that'd make it the cheapest 4K HDR streamer on the market today. Alongside the Home and 4K Chromecast, Google is expected to launch two new smartphones under its ‘Pixel’ branding at that same October 4 event. Business Insider will be attending the event, so be sure to check back here in a couple of weeks for all of our live coverage. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: Sorry, Apple: The Lightning port doesn't magically make EarPods sound better More: Tech Gadgets Google Google Assistant Amazon Echo Amazon Chromecast Android Rumors Google @home facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's Home might cost $50 less than Amazon's Echo Google's Home might cost $50 less than Amazon's Echo Google’s Home smart speaker will cost... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 23 GOOG: 786.90 -0.31 OffHub: Google set to announce a router called ‘Google WiFi’ on October 4th Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj onhub Google WiFi View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We already know that Google is planning a whole slew of hardware products for its October 4th event, but now we know of one more: Google WiFi. This little white box — purportedly similar in size to the Amazon Echo Dot — will apparently cost $129 and allow you to connect multiple Google Wifi access points within your home to easily create one big WiFi network… Interestingly, this product seems to be pitted as a successor to Google’s OnHub, which has over the last couple of years brought user-friendly WiFi routers made by Google in collaboration with hardware partners. Android Police‘s source claims that the Google WiFi router will similarly have “smart” features, assumably including the aforementioned ability to automatically set up a mesh network — probably similar to Eero. Other than that, details are light, but we can probably expect many of the features that Google has introduced with OnHub to come to this as well. This is pure speculation on my part, but you’ll probably be able to set up and manage the router from an app, it’ll probably have more than a couple antennas, there might be smart prioritization features, and automation capabilities thanks to IFTTT also wouldn’t be surprising. Alongside Google Home, the new Pixel phones (both a smaller and bigger device), a 4K Chromecast, and perhaps more, Google’s October 4th event is looking to be one of the biggest — if not the biggest — single-day hardware drops for the Mountain View company ever. Guides onhub View THe Guide Google WiFi View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 23 GOOG: 786.90 -0.31 Google Home will apparently sell for $129, 4K ‘Chromecast Ultra’ for $69 Ben Schoon - 2 months ago @NexusBen Chromecast Google Google Assistant Google Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google is set to debut a lot of new hardware at its October 4th event including new smartphones, a recently revealed WiFi router, and two other products we’re looking forward to: Google Home and the refreshed 4K Chromecast. As the event nears, we’re hearing more details on these products, and now we have pricing (via Android Police) for the Google Home and the “Chromecast Ultra”… Google Home will reportedly sell for $129 upon release, just like Google WiFi. Google originally announced Home at I/O 2016 as a competitor to the Amazon Echo family which traded Amazon’s services for direct integration with Google’s, including the power of Google Assistant. With a price of $129 the Home will be in an excellent position to sell, undercutting the standard Amazon Echo by $40. Of course, the Home will still need to compete with the recently released $50 Echo Dot, which will be a harder battle. As for the “Chromecast Ultra,” the report claims the price will land at $69, twice the price of the current Chromecast. Right now it’s unclear if Google will be offering more with the Ultra on top of 4K and HDR capabilities, but if it doesn’t, customers may opt for Xiaomi’s upcoming Mi Box Android TV instead since the price is allegedly also under $100. These rumors seem pretty definitive, but as with any product release, things can change at the last minute. With just two weeks to wait, things are getting exciting for Google’s upcoming hardware — you might want to begin preparing your wallets. Guides Chromecast View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Google Assistant View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Networking News / Could a new Wi-Fi router steal the show at Google's Pixel launch? Could a new Wi-Fi router steal the show at Google's Pixel launch? by Chris Smith 23 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google will boost its home networking hardware line-up at its October 4 event with a new router called Google Wifi, a report on Friday has claimed. AndroidPolice sources say a new $129 (around £100) Google Wifi router will offer longer range connectivity than most off the shelf routers. According to one source, Google Wifi routers will be capable of linking together to create larger wireless networks. The sources say it will be a companion device for Amazon Echo-rivalling Google Home device previewed at I/O and scheduled for a further unveiling on October 4. Those familiar with the situation also claim Google’s new solution will be relatively small and inconspicuous - around the size of an Echo Dot. Related: Google OnHub review How this will gel with the current OnHub router remains unknown, but the sources say it will offer some of the same ‘smart’ features. The OnHub can prioritize which devices should receive the most bandwidth and benefit from the fastest speeds. If the report is to be believed, Google’s October 4 event is shaping up to be quite the extravaganza. We expect the new HTC-made Pixel and Pixel XL phones to make their bow and hear more information concerning the availability of Google Home. Google’s Daydream VR plans should be further detailed and we might even see a 4K Chromecast dongle. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Latest Deals From Ebay NEW TP-LINK Google OnHub On Hub Dual-Band AC1900 Wireless WiFi Gigabit Router $132.99 View Item Asus OnHub Dual Band AC1900 WIFI Gigabit Router On Hub Google Fast Ship Priority $144.98 View Item NEW ASUS Google OnHub Dual-Band WiFi Wireless Router Model SRT-AC1900 SEALED $128.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / DVRs and Media players News / The 4K Chromecast Ultra will double the price tag, report claims The 4K Chromecast Ultra will double the price tag, report claims by Chris Smith 23 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments The rumored 4K-ready Chromecast Ultra streaming device will cost twice as much the current HD iteration, according to reports. According to AndroidPolice sources, which earlier on Friday predicted a new Google Wii router, the updated dongle will be $69, compared with the $35 asking price for the 2nd-gen Chromecast. The source says Chromecast Ultra will be HDR enabled, but regardless, it would be disappointing to see Google double down on the price tag, when the Chromecast range is renowned for its good value. Google Chromecast 4K: What is it and when will it launch? The Chromecast Ultra is expected to arrive at Google’s Pixel launch event on October 4, alongside Google Home device previewed at I/O. In better news for Google fans, today’s report also claims the Amazon Echo-rivalling Google Home speaker will be available for $129. That would undercut the Echo by $40. With the advantage of Google’s conversational Assistant technology on board, the Echo may face a run for its money. Would you pay twice as much for a Chromecast with 4K capabilities? Is Echo vs Home shaping up to be the tech battle of 2017? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Latest Deals From Ebay Grace Digital CastDock X2 - Chromecast Audio speaker dock $113.91 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Report: “Google Wi-Fi” router to launch Oct. 4, Google Home to cost $129 A year after the Google OnHub's release, Google takes a second swing at a router. by Ron Amadeo - Sep 23, 2016 7:10 pm UTC Login to bookmark 114 The Google OnHub, Google's now old router? Ron Amadeo As part of Google's multi-device release extravaganza on October 4, Android Police claims Google is going to launch a Wi-Fi router. Another Wi-Fi router. Google's current Wi-Fi router is the Google OnHub, a $200, single-port router that was released over a year ago. Google promised that the OnHub would receive regular updates, and while minor bugfixes and security updates were provided, much of the hardware is still left unactivated: the USB port still doesn't work, and the included smart home antennas are still dormant. Popular user-requested features like IPv6 support and NAT loopback never arrived, either. Now Google is apparently poised to release a new Wi-Fi router, simply called "Google Wi-Fi." Android Police says the new router looks like a "white Amazon Echo Dot"—so a hockey puck with a light on top—and it costs $129. The site also says the router will have mesh Wi-Fi capabilities, meaning you can buy more than one and link them together for better coverage. How OnHub customers feel about waiting a year for updates that never arrived, only to see their device replaced by something else, remains to be seen. Google's move makes a little more sense when you look at the company's new internal structure. The OnHub was a weird product cooked up by the Google Fiber and Chrome teams, and now with the new Google Hardware group up and running, Google Wi-Fi would undoubtedly be a reboot of the router concept under the new division. Google has confirmed an October 4 launch event in San Francisco, with the pre-event teasers all referencing the upcoming Google Pixel phones. Previous reports indicated that Google's Daydream VR, a new Chromecast, and Google Home will all launch at the event, too. Android Police still says those launches are all still happening, with Google Wi-Fi joining the party. The site also claims to know the prices for the Google Home and new Chromecast. Google Home will run $129, and the new "Chromecast Ultra"—capable of 4K and HDR playback—will cost $69. October 4 is shaping up to be a busy day. Expand full story Reader comments 114 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Ron Amadeo / Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video And with one stroke, Trump killed the Era of Slacktivism Admins aggro about Azure AM absence Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Commish urges UK.gov to mean it when it talks about transparency Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH And with one stroke, Trump killed the Era of Slacktivism Admins aggro about Azure AM absence Seagate plans to bring down the 16TB HAMR... soon(er) HDS has HCI – but it's not hyper-converged infrastructure Hadoop experiencing growing pains in lamestream businesses Microsoft just got its Linux Foundation platinum card, becomes top level member Firefox hits version 50 Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs New Ransoc extortionists hunt for actual child abuse material Analysts apply Occam's razor to Tesco Bank breach Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Commish urges UK.gov to mean it when it talks about transparency Managed services biz hires 'forensic' beanies to review dodgy accounting The only thing worse than working at CSC? An Xmas redundo programme at CSC Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Brit smart streetlight bods Telensa named 'global market leader' Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Verity Stob UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger More like this Artificial Intelligence Chatbot Siri Watson Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Machine-learning boffins debate making software human 23 Sep 2016 at 18:56, Katyanna Quach Katyanna Quach Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ai Recent Articles Boffins twist beams of neutrons into pasta to cook up holograms Uni students float into Hyperloop finals with levitating prototype BYE, EVERYBODY! Virtual personal health assistants are coming, says Gartner Machine communication is an area generating much excitement in AI. The ability to give machines a voice and personality has been the subject of many sci-fi films, and the push in natural language processing has brought that idea closer to reality. All the big AI players are investing in some sort of chatbot. Google just released Allo, a messaging app that incorporates its Google Assistant. Apple users have Siri, the voice-powered assistant. Amazon has its AI assistant Echo. Microsoft has Cortana for their computers. And IBM has Watson, a machine that famously beat human competitors by answering more questions correctly on the American game show Jeopardy. Being able to make machines more human-like is a sign of dominance in the field. Companies are always trying to outdo each other. Google’s AI arm DeepMind used WaveNet to make machines sound more natural, and even inserted breathing sounds. The week after DeepMind’s announcement, Microsoft claimed to have achieved the lowest word-error rate in its speech recognition system. Another area that chatbots could change is customer service. Many startups are gearing their chatbots toward providing a better service to users, whether it’s booking tickets or supporting customers through call centers. But is the technology getting ahead of what users actually want? Recent research by Dr Chris Brauer, who is director of innovation and senior lecturer at Institute of Management Studies at Goldsmiths University, suggests so. Speaking at the Re•Work Deep Learning Summit today in London, Brauer explained that it was more helpful to design chatbots around how human the interaction feels, rather than how human the chatbot should be itself. Talking to a chatbot can be dehumanizing, and to overcome that developers should think about including an “empathetic design.” “It’s important that the bot seems like it can see the world from someone else’s perspective in order to build a foundation of trust,” Brauer said. People are more likely to be honest to a service that doesn’t judge and have too many human qualities. Brauer asked Blake Morrison, professor of creative and life writing and fellow colleague at Goldsmiths University, what kind of character the ideal chatbot should have. Nick Carraway from The Great Gatsby, Morrison answered. “He doesn’t give you very much away about himself, he’s an observer of others. He allows you little insights into his life, but his main interest is telling you a story where he plays a small part. But he’s there all the time observing everything. And you think he’s given you the true picture,” he told his colleague. “In conclusion, there isn’t any value in bots having unique personalities – it’s more about the experience,” Brauer said. He did note, however, that he thought that bots could be a “disruption” in the future, and the way we interact with them could change in the future. But for now it’s still “early days.” If your chatbot is an asshole, then so are you Luka.ai envisions a different future. Artem Rodichev, a machine learning engineer at AI chatbot start-up Luka.ai, said he believes better service comes when the chatbot is more personalized and adaptable to an individual’s needs. To do that, the AI has to have personality. “How do you give a bot personality? It’s simple – you talk to it,” Rodichev said during a presentation at the deep-learning summit. The chatbot has to be given a dataset of words and a lot of messages stored in texts or whatsapps so it can learn to talk like the user. As it learns to respond like the user, it begins to adopt a similar personality. A bit like how Microsoft’s chatbot, Tay, was tricked into becoming a Hitler-loving sex troll after miscreants found and exploited a debugging codeword to teach the software rude phrases: saying "repeated after me" followed by a neo Nazi outburst told Tay to learn that phrase and say it back to other people in conversation. Luka.ai uses recurrent neural networks to draw upon a bank of words stored in its internal memory and to process arbitrary sentences as inputs. The sentences in the messages are split into words, which are converted into a vector in a high-dimensional space – a technique known as Word2vec. Various algorithms decide if a particular word is good or bad by assigning a high or low score to it, and then choose how the chatbot should respond. The output text is chosen by how well it correlates to the input text, which the system has learned from analyzing streams of text from the user. Over time as the user works with the chatbot, it learns to adapt. It will improve and be more reliable, Rodichev said. “We aren’t there yet. But in the future, chatbots will be like the one seen in the movie Her,” Rodichev told The Register. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 28 Comments More from The Register Artificial intelligence will eradicate channel drudgery, says Lenovo boss Canalys Channels Forum 2016 Any intelligence would be a start, grumble partners 16 Comments Reg readers cluster in pub to ponder artificial intelligence Reg Events And hear why a mic-dropping, beer hurling AI would be a real advance 3 Comments White House to bring us up to speed on artificial intelligence hype latest Will AI kill or cure? 11 Comments Google Research opens machine intelligence base in Zurich 'Mountain Views of a different kind' quips gros fromage 20 Comments Facebook's AI boss is on a mission to end spoon-fed machine intelligence Yes, let computers off the leash with unsupervised learning 9 Comments Hawking and friends: Artificial Intelligence 'must do what we want it to do' Rise of the Machines *Cough* Don't enslave us *cough* 120 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. MAX Mail Archive provides secure, compliant archiving in the cloud The MAX Mail Archive is available as a standalone service or as an integrated part of our complete email security, continuity and archiving service. Most read Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Zombie Moore's Law shows hardware is eating software Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Google investment in OK to reach $2 billion by 2018 - KSWO, Lawton, OK- Wichita Falls, TX: News, Weather, Sports. ABC, 24/7, Telemundo - Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Ultimate Women’s Christmas Package Ultimate Men's Christmas Package News Local News Oklahoma Headlines National International Tech Political Stories from the Associated Press A Child Who Hopes Entertainment CNN Videos Recalls Weather My SkyWarn 7 Radar Online 24/7 Live Streaming Weather Video 5th Season Weather FAQ Sports High School Sports Cameron Oklahoma Sports Headlines National Sports OU OSU OKC Thunder Texas Sports Headlines Cowboys Rangers Video Slideshows 7 News Video On Demand Medwatch Medwatch Articles Medwatch Videos MedWatch Blog Business Community Lifestyle Lost and Found 7News Editorial What's On Programming Schedule 7-Too Programming guide Telemundo Program Guide abc.com About Us On-Air Staff Bios KSWO-TV Coverage Map KSWO Job Listings EEO Report Closed Captioning on KSWO 7 News 7News app update How to use the SkyWARN 7 weather app Google investment in OK to reach $2 billion by 2018 2016-09-23T18:56:56Z2016-09-23T18:56:56Z By Rhiannon Poolaw, Producer Email Connect rpoolaw@kswo.com MAYES COUNTY, OK (KSWO) – Google announced the continued expansion of facilities in their existing site in Mayes County to a total investment of $2 billion by 2018, with increased local employment to more than 400 people. “Google’s $2-billion-dollar investment announcement in Oklahoma is yet another example of our state’s success in attracting, retaining and growing some of the best companies in the world. Google is a model corporate neighbor, having reinvested in its community more than $1.5 million in STEM grants and tech programs. We’re pleased not only with the investment Google has made in Oklahoma, but also with the commitment the company has made in using Oklahoma’s abundant renewable energy, like wind, to power a sizable portion of its operations. This announcement is a win for Mayes County and the entire state of Oklahoma,” said Governor Mary Fallin. Google’s data centers are some of the most efficient in the world, using 50 percent less energy than the typical data center. Google is the first major Internet services company to gain external certification of the high environmental, workplace safety, and energy management standards of its data centers. The data center in Mayes County is the first data center to achieve Google’s Zero Waste to Landfill commitment, which means when waste leaves the data centers, none of it goes to a landfill—100 percent is diverted to a more sustainable pathway, with no more than 10% of it going to a waste-to-energy facility, unless waste-to-energy can be proved more valuable than alternative diversion paths. "We’ve made progress on our expansion since our announcement in 2012, having expanded by many hundreds of thousands of square feet. The expansion of facilities in Mayes County will bring our investment to a total of $2 billion by 2018, with our local employment at more than 400 people. Since opening our data center operations here in 2011, we have received tremendous support from the local community and state of Oklahoma, which has allowed us to grow and operate at 'Google speed.' Oklahoma is an important home for Google, and we look forward to a bright future here." - Joe Kava, Vice President of Google Data Center Operations  “Google’s continued expansion at its Oklahoma data center campus is great news for Oklahoma. The $2 billion capital investment and creation of more than 400 high-quality STEM jobs in Oklahoma further demonstrates our state’s position as a leader in tech,” said Secretary of Commerce and Tourism, Deby Snodgrass. Google also announced a $100,000 grant to the Workforce Development division of the MidAmerica Industrial Park to support the continued growth and development of STEM education in Northeast Oklahoma. Copyright 2016 KSWO. All rights reserved. Local NewsNewsMore>> Lawton man hospitalized after making threats to local schools Lawton man hospitalized after making threats to local schools Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 2:40 PM EST2016-11-16 19:40:05 GMT (Source KSWO) LAWTON, OK (KSWO)- Michael Plume Jr. was taken to Taliaferro Mental Health Facility after making threats towards a Lawton school. MacArthur High and Middle Schools were placed on lockdown from the time the second classes started until law enforcement apprehended Michael Plume Jr.,18. Michael Plume Jr. sent texts from his mother’s home on the 1300 block of Northwest Kingsbury stating he was going to "shoot up" Mac. Plume told police he knew that they were there becaus... LAWTON, OK (KSWO)- Michael Plume Jr. was taken to Taliaferro Mental Health Facility after making threats towards a Lawton school. MacArthur High and Middle Schools were placed on lockdown from the time the second classes started until law enforcement apprehended Michael Plume Jr.,18. Michael Plume Jr. sent texts from his mother’s home on the 1300 block of Northwest Kingsbury stating he was going to "shoot up" Mac. Plume told police he knew that they were there becaus... Fire danger increasing across OK Fire danger increasing across OK Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 2:23 PM EST2016-11-16 19:23:40 GMT (Source KSWO) OK (KSWO)- Outdoor burning is not advised today or tomorrow. Dry, windy conditions will be present across the state. “Wind will be a factor beginning today as warm dry conditions continue,” said George Geissler, Oklahoma State Forester. “Any fire that starts will spread rapidly, so we are urging everyone to delay any outdoor activity that might spark a blaze. Simple postponement of burning can mean the difference during these dangerous conditions.” According ... OK (KSWO)- Outdoor burning is not advised today or tomorrow. Dry, windy conditions will be present across the state. “Wind will be a factor beginning today as warm dry conditions continue,” said George Geissler, Oklahoma State Forester. “Any fire that starts will spread rapidly, so we are urging everyone to delay any outdoor activity that might spark a blaze. Simple postponement of burning can mean the difference during these dangerous conditions.” According ... Students Win Cash Prizes for Racing CO2 Cars Students Win Cash Prizes for Racing CO2 Cars Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 1:47 PM EST2016-11-16 18:47:43 GMT (Source Duncan Area Economic Development Foundation) DUNCAN, OK (KSWO) – The Duncan Area Economic Development Foundation has announced the winners of their 2016 Duncan Area Youth Engineering Contest for 7th to 12th grade students in the Red River Technology Center school district. “It was exciting to have so many schools participate this year. We had over 380 cars race!” stated Jeannie Bowden, Race Coordinator, “The partnership between educators, volunteers, and our area employers shows the value all groups plac... DUNCAN, OK (KSWO) – The Duncan Area Economic Development Foundation has announced the winners of their 2016 Duncan Area Youth Engineering Contest for 7th to 12th grade students in the Red River Technology Center school district. “It was exciting to have so many schools participate this year. We had over 380 cars race!” stated Jeannie Bowden, Race Coordinator, “The partnership between educators, volunteers, and our area employers shows the value all groups plac... Free holiday meals for military families, register now Free holiday meals for military families, register now Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 1:39 PM EST2016-11-16 18:39:52 GMT LAWTON, OK (KSWO) — Active-duty E-1 through E-6 military families and the families of post-9/11 wounded, ill or injured of all ranks may register by December 6 at www.operationhomefront.net to receive a free holiday meal. The distribution event will take place from 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on December 9 at Cameron University. The meal kit includes non-perishables as well as a gift card redeemable for perishable groceries. Operation Homefront will distribute 400 holiday meals to ... LAWTON, OK (KSWO) — Active-duty E-1 through E-6 military families and the families of post-9/11 wounded, ill or injured of all ranks may register by December 6 at www.operationhomefront.net to receive a free holiday meal. The distribution event will take place from 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on December 9 at Cameron University. The meal kit includes non-perishables as well as a gift card redeemable for perishable groceries. Operation Homefront will distribute 400 holiday meals to ... Altus Band commemorates 75th Anniversary of Pearl Harbor Attack Altus Band commemorates 75th Anniversary of Pearl Harbor Attack Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 1:33 PM EST2016-11-16 18:33:40 GMT (Source Altus High School) ALTUS, OK (KSWO)- The Altus High School Band will commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attacks in the Waikiki Holiday Parade. The band has been raising money to attend this prestigious event for the past three years.  Students worked after school jobs and conducted fundraisers to help raise the funds for the trip. “We are thrilled to be working with the Altus High School band on their trip,” said Parade President Jake Peppers.  The student’... ALTUS, OK (KSWO)- The Altus High School Band will commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attacks in the Waikiki Holiday Parade. The band has been raising money to attend this prestigious event for the past three years.  Students worked after school jobs and conducted fundraisers to help raise the funds for the trip. “We are thrilled to be working with the Altus High School band on their trip,” said Parade President Jake Peppers.  The student’...    Can't Find Something? 1401 SE 60th Street Lawton, OK 73501 (580) 355-7000 FCC Public File nbowers@kswo.com (580) 355-7000 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google's ‘Show and Tell' AI can tell you exactly what's in a photo (almost): System generates captions with nearly 94% accuracy Latest version of the system is faster to train and far more accurate Picture captioning AI can now generate descriptions with 94% accuracy  Firm has now released the open-source code to let developers take part By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 14:54 EST, 23 September 2016 | Updated: 15:30 EST, 23 September 2016 e-mail 69 shares 42 View comments Artificial intelligence systems have recently begun to try their hand at writing picture captions, often producing hilarious, and even offensive, blunders. But, Google’s Show and Tell algorithm has almost perfected the craft. According to the firm, the AI can now describe images with nearly 94 percent accuracy and may even ‘understand’ the context and deeper meaning of a scene. According to the firm, Google's AI can now describe images with nearly 94 percent accuracy and may even ‘understand’ the context and deeper meaning of a scene. The AI was first trained in 2014, and has steadily improved in the time since Google has released the open-source code for its image captioning system, allowing developers to take part, the firm revealed on its research blog. The AI was first trained in 2014, and has steadily improved in the time since. Now, the researchers say it is faster to train, and produces more detailed, accurate descriptions. The most recent version of the system uses the Inception V3 image classification model, and undergoes a fine-tuning phase in which its vision and language components are trained on human generated captions. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tick tock truck: Giant clock at a deserted airfield is made... Oxygen levels in ancient oceans could explain mystery of why... Star Wars-like holographic TV is coming: BBC tests display... Nearly HALF of Galaxy Note 7s have been returned in the US... Share this article Share 69 shares The most recent version of the system uses the Inception V3 image classification model, and undergoes a fine-tuning phase in which its vision and language components are trained on human generated captions HOW IT WORKS   The AI can describe exactly what's in a scene The system uses the Inception V3 image classification model as the basis for the image encoder, allowing for 93.9 percent classification accuracy. These encodings help the system to recognize various objects in an image. Then the image model is fine-tuned, allowing the system to describe the objects rather than simply classifying them. So, it can identify the colours in an image, and determine how objects in the image relate to each other. In this phase, the system’s vision and language components are jontly trained on human generated captions. Examples of its capabilities show the AI can describe exactly what is in a scene, including ‘A person on a beach flying a kite,’ and ‘a blue and yellow train traveling down train tracks.’ As the system learns on a training set of human captions, it sometimes will reuse these captions for a similar scene. This, the researchers say, may spur some questions on its true capabilities – but while it does ‘regurgitate’ captions when applicable, this is not always the case. ‘So does it really understand the objects and their interactions in each image? Or does it always regurgitate descriptions from the training data?,' the researchers wrote.  As the system learns on a training set of human captions, it sometimes will reuse these captions for a similar scene. This can be seen in the examples above  'Excitingly, our model does indeed develop the ability to generate accurate new captions when presented with completely new scenes, indicating a deeper understanding of the objects and context in the images.' An example shared in the blog post shows how the components of separate images come together to generate new captions. Three separate images of dogs in various situations can thus lead to the accurate description of a photo later on: ‘A dog is sitting on the beach next to a dog.’  ‘Moreover,’ the researchers explain, ‘it learns how to express that knowledge in natural-sounding English phrases despite receiving no additional language training other than reading the human captions.’ MICROSOFT'S CAPTION BOT GETS IT HILARIOUSLY WRONG  Microsoft's CaptionBot, which analyzes pictures in order to formulate captions, has been spot on with some results, but horridly wrong for others – it thought the First Lady Michelle Obama was a cell phone. When it was released to the public earlier this year, the program seemed to be accurate with almost all of the images it received. Microsoft's CaptionBot, which analyzes pictures in order to formulate captions, has been spot on with some results, but horridly wrong for others But recently, it mistook an elbow as a woman brushing her teeth and a close up of a human eye as a close up of a doughnut near a cup. 'It's early days for image captioning,' a Microsoft spokesperson told Dailymail in April. 'Like any artificial intelligence system, we use feedback from users of CaptionBot to improve our results and make it more accurate.'    Read more: Research Blog: Show and Tell: image captioning open sourced in TensorFlow Share or comment on this article e-mail 69 shares Most watched News videos Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Victoria Fritz hides her baby bump moments before giving birth Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo President-elect Trump and family dine out at famous 21 Club Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Cops shoot man holding 2-year-old girl hostage Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Little girl leaps to her sister's defense during scolding EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Inside America's 'creepiest mall': Apocalyptic images... It's a steak out! Trump hoodwinks reporters and sneaks out... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... Mayhem at Oklahoma airport after father of Kansas City... REVEALED: North Carolina parents who featured on Extreme... 'He ruined my life and I was going to kill him': Jilted... 'My life goal is to assassinate Trump': Ohio man is first to... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller... The dramatic moment a police sniper shot a child kidnapper... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Revealed: 6,000-year-old amulet was created with ancient technology that is STILL used by Nasa today Who's a CLEVER boy then? Impressive footage shows cockatoos making tools using different materials to reach... Unearthed after 1,100 years, the Anglo Saxon burial ground where dozens of hollowed-out tree trunks were... Nasa and AT&T join forces for system to track every drone in America in bid to thwart flying cyberattacks  Can YOU spot the plane hiding in the ocean? Colourful brainteaser features a very carefully disguised... Giant hissing cockroaches can grow bigger testicles to impress a mate OR horns to battle rivals: Researchers... Revealed: 2.5-million-year-old teeth of our ancestors suggest they may have mostly eaten GRASS Pluto's cold heart could be hiding an OCEAN: Dwarf planet's strange spin points to a subsurface sea Apocalypse now? Humankind has a one in 500 chance of being wiped out this year, warns mathematician  Mark Zuckerberg hacked AGAIN: Facebook founder's accounts taken over for second time this year Why watching Strictly Come Dancing could make you more emotionally sensitive to your partner The quest to find the world's oldest ice: 1.5 million year-old sheet could unlock the secrets of global... The 'reminiscence bump': Researchers reveal why we can best remember things that happen between 15-25 Slicing perfectly through an iPhone, car parts, light bulb and bowling ball… this ultra-powerful jet spray... Not so smart after all: AI robot now has to get a 'real job' after FAILING a university exam for the fourth... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours The incredible blue dunes of Mars: Stunning new NASA image reveals layers of ancient rock Revealed: 6,000-year-old amulet was created with ancient technology that is STILL used by Nasa today Mystery of London's killer fog solved: Researchers reveal how chemicals combined to form acidic haze that killed 12,000 in 1952 The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it actually works The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the iMac to the Pencil Apocalypse now? Humankind has a one in 500 chance of being wiped out this year, warns mathematician  Nintendo NES classic mini edition consoles are selling for FIVE TIMES their real price on eBay Unearthed after 1,100 years, the Anglo Saxon burial ground where dozens of hollowed-out tree trunks were used as coffins and wooden planks line the graves Who's a CLEVER boy then? Impressive footage shows cockatoos making tools using different materials to reach food Snapchat confidentially files for IPO that could value it at $25 BILLION MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'I am so happy!' Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, announces that she has entered a courtship with her friend of 15 years, weeks after watching her sister Jinger marry  'The wedding's off': Bachelor's Ben Higgins blindsides fiancee Lauren Bushnell by putting nuptials on hold during therapy session  Trouble in paradise 'I didn't have my teen years as a normal girl': Priscilla Presley, 71, admits Elvis NEVER saw her make-up free... as TV viewers marvel at her 'young' appearance 'He said yes!' Ricky Martin announces engagement to Arab artist Jwan Yosef The 44-year-old pop star proudly showed off his engagement band Police call off search for Charlie Sheen's children after they were spotted at a car wash with Brooke Mueller - hours after she arrived at a bar barefoot with them and got into a fight Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Jennifer Garner shops with daughters Violet and Seraphina... after her father Bill joined her in Capital One advert Was dressed down in a $123 sweatshirt Supermodel Chanel Iman looks a million dollars in a $68 dress while out in New York Slipped her slender figure into a black maxi frock from Kohl's 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread EXCLUSIVE: Million Dollar Listing star James Harris reveals he is a recovering alcoholic and how his hard partying LA lifestyle threatened his marriage  She can't get enough! Lady Gaga steps out in her favourite fur coat and slips into a sexy dress for low-key night out At No Name Club How escape artist David Blaine was shot in the stomach multiple times to prepare to take a bullet in his MOUTH - and why the final trick didn't go as planned  'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Two arrested after Deadliest Catch star Jake Harris is beaten, robbed and thrown from a moving car after meeting a couple in a casino Stephanie Pratt confirms The Hills WAS scripted as she reveals just how 'real' reality television actually is  She shot to fame in the American reality TV show It's good to be Hannity: Fox News host tops New York Rich List with $29m in the past year - more than Matt Lauer and his co-workers Megyn Kelly and Bill O'Reilly Here Comes Honey Boo Boo star Kaitlyn Cardwell has successful surgery to have extra thumb removed The four-year-old bravely went under the knife The day Luke Skywalker caught us: Carrie Fisher reveals Mark Hamill saw her at Harrison Ford's apartment Speaking about affair 'People don't recognise me anymore': Obese pasta-lover loses 120lbs in a YEAR after tracking her progress on Instagram  Went from 283lb to 161lb Sisters in style! Tiffany and Lara Trump attend family dinner with Donald at the famed 21 Club wearing the SAME $385 bejeweled Alice + Olivia sweater  Emily Ratajkowski shows off incredibly perky posterior in thong swimsuit before treating pals to cheeky topless dance during beach break 'I've got the best vagina in the world!' Iggy Azalea gushes about her 'award winning' vulva after being crowned Woman of the Year by GQ  We're engaged! The Goonies child star Corey Feldman proposes to Canadian girlfriend Courtney Anne because he's worried Trump might deport her Unseen photos of Marilyn Monroe go up for sale for $400,000 - as her GRAVE marker also goes under the hammer, after a near-identical item sold for $212,500 Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in a pout patterned sweater while on promo tour for Allied Lucky lips! Easy rider! Liev Schreiber leaves his bicycle at home to zip around New York's wet streets on his scooter Added some power to his wheels! 'Happy birthday my angel': Adriana Lima goes all out for her daughter Valentina's 7th birthday with unicorn themed party Certainly went to town! 'I was racing against the clock': The Black Eyed Peas' Taboo, 41, speaks about his secret cancer battle for first time Had testicular cancer 'I just wanted to detox': Kendall Jenner reveals on Ellen she quit Instagram for break from social media... but admits she'll be back Move surprised her fans Nip/Tuck actor Julian McMahon takes a dip with wife Kelly Paniagua at an Australian beach as he rocks 70s style moustache for new film Flammable Children 'You're a chauvinistic pig!': Geri Horner blasts director who wanted The Spice Girls to reveal more cleavage in feisty behind-the-scenes throwback video So what really happened onboard Flight Brangelina? FAA audio reveals NO fight was reported - despite claims Brad 'lunged' at son Maddox Frank Ocean reveals he purposely did not submit album for Grammy consideration... after Kanye West vowed to boycott the ceremony over the omission Bob Dylan will NOT attend Nobel Prize award ceremony as 'other commitments make it unfortunately impossible' Snub from singer First and second kiss! Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo lock lips twice after getting hitched on Counting On Couldn't keep their hands off each other! Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth posts a tender throwback shot of her pregnant figure as she gushes over their baby boy Freddie Reign Feeling wistful? Perfect match! Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila Alves coordinate in stylish coats for NYC outing Both wore black coats with a button up shirt Not a hair out of place! Kim Murray keeps her immaculately-coiffed do in check as she watches husband Andy storm to victory in ATP World Tour Finals Gigi Hadid 'urges "immature" Perrie Edwards to get over Zayn'... as 'scrapped Little Mix lyrics speak of "f***ing some model chick"' What sorcery is this? The magical transformation of J.K. Rowling as Harry Potter author defies her years Her Midas touch extends to her beauty routine too Newly flame-haired Bella Thorne bares her abs after gym session with her 'twin' sister Dani Was dressed for action in a grey sports bra Steven Spielberg's daughter Destry Allyn launches modelling career as she seductively tugs on mini dress in new photo shoot 'She cared about her career and never lost her femininity': Amal Clooney reveals her mother is her biggest role model at the Texas Conference For Women Move over Cookie! Rumer Willis glows in black and white at premiere as she lands role in the third season of Empire Cut a chic figure Smouldering Irina Shayk boosts her cleavage with sexy bralet as she showcases supermodel figure in lingerie-clad selfie 'A** parade': Kourtney Kardashian shares very revealing image of sister Khloe in a bathing suit... then posts an equally naughty snap of herself Risque shots Celebrity chef Matthew Tivy, 55, dies from brain tumor while awaiting trial on charges of having sex with a teenage boy WWE wrestler Big Van Vader announces on Twitter he is dying of congestive heart failure and has two years to live  Tragic news UnLAWful behaviour! Actor Jude grabs Ludivine Sagnier's bare breast as his character Pius XIII struggles with celibacy in The Young Pope Michelle Dockery strips off for VERY raunchy scene with chiseled co-star Juan Diego Botto in Good Behaviour Downton Abbey star No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Megyn Kelly reveals she shoplifted and threw house parties in new memoir... but says it all stopped when her father tragically died after they argued one night 'I believe that Roger Ailes made the company look bad': Megyn Kelly fires back at Bill O'Reilly after he criticized her for speaking out about being sexually harassed What will Harry say? Prince's girlfriend Meghan Markle stars as anarchist's lover in a VERY gritty gangster movie Plays a fashion model 'It's good to shock your body': Kourtney Kardashian says she does 100 SQUATS every day before showering Revealed the secrets to her impressive derriere Look how they've changed! Young Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe are unrecognisable in 'Before They Were Famous' footage April Love Geary, 21, posts more sizzling bikini snaps from Necker Island but remains tight-lipped over 'secret marriage' to Robin Thicke, 39 Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Lavish affair Sofia Vergara's lawyer brands ex Nick Loeb's pro-life stance on former couple's frozen embryos 'a bid to gain public exposure' Latest in the battle 'She'll never get back together with him': Kourtney Kardashian is 'over' Scott Disick... despite the pair recently enjoying a luxury getaway to Mexico The sweet life! Paris Hilton flaunts taut torso in pineapple maxi-skirt and lands in Australia without a hitch after passport was deemed invalid Wildest Dreams! Taylor Swift tops Forbes richest celebs under 30 list with $170million in ONE YEAR...more than double her nearest rival  Another massive year 'Thanks to all the great women who make us men truly what we': Chris Hemsworth shows his sensitive side as he receives GQ Man Of The Year 2016 An A-list date night: Kate Beckinsale cosies up to Pierce Brosnan as they film romantic new scenes for The Only Living Boy In New York In downtown Manhattan Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters 'He's a classy guy': Val Kilmer reveals Michael Douglas has apologised after making 'misinformed' claim that the star had throat cancer 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague Demi Moore, 54, looks frozen in time as she shows off line-free complexion at screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looking radiant Bloomin' sexy! Karrueche Tran flaunts her toned tum in a cropped floral bardot top and matching maxi-skirt at art event Pretty as a picture! Prince's record label sues Jay-Z and Tidal for 'streaming all of the late singers music without permission'  The company has been streaming since June Is that you, Barbie? Iggy Azalea flaunts her surgically-enhanced chest by going BRALESS under an open blazer at the GQ Men of the Year Awards Smooth operator: Nip/Tuck's Julian McMahon, 48, sports wrinkle-free complexion as he arrives at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards Michael Schumacher's loved ones 'extremely hopeful they'll see him as they once knew him' as he continues to recover from serious skiing injury David and Victoria Beckham enjoy a romantic date night out as they head to one of London's top luxury hotels  Quality time together Vampy in velvet! Emma Watson stuns in black dress for Museum Of Modern Art benefit in NYC honoring Tom Hanks Looked sleek and sexy Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Well-suited! Ian Thorpe takes to the red carpet with beau Ryan Channing at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards Dashing good looks! Hollywood hottie Scott Eastwood cuts a suave figure as he leads the arrivals at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards in Sydney 'I used to have nightmares about it': Russell Watson reveals he predicted he'd have a brain tumor as a child  The tenor has twice overcome one Sparkle and shine! Jessica Seinfeld rocks eye-catching studded sweater at premiere of Nightcap  Rather understated - yet extremely stylish Those are no 'mom jeans'! Kourtney Kardashian looks cool as she rocks skin tight ripped trousers for outing with son Mason She's one rockin' mom Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne opt for casual chic outfits while shopping together at Los Angeles flea market Enjoyed some outdoor retail therapy together Tutu beautiful! Karlie Kloss stuns in ballerina-inspired black mini dress at Art Party in NYC She's a red carpet regular Katy Perry stuns in off-the-shoulder jumpsuit as she attends Capitol Records' 75th Anniversary Gala Looked absolutely sensational Poppy Delevingne puts on vibrant display of color as she attends MOMA Film Benefit in sleeveless patterned dress Floral sensation Cat Deeley puts on a leggy display in a thigh-grazing pair of shorts as she heads to a pampering session Enjoyed a day off in California Laughing out loud! Sarah Paulson has director David O. Russell in fits of giggles as they walk the red carpet for his Past Forward premiere  'Has anyone made David disappear yet?': Victoria Beckham begs David Blaine to make husband vanish in a puff of smoke on TV special That's magic Ariel Winter dons tiny shorts for fast food at In-N-Out Burger in Burbank Finished off her scantily-clad ensemble with a grey top Livin' la Vida Las Vegas! Ricky Martin announces Sin City residency on The Ellen DeGeneres Show Ready to shake his bon-bon Flower power! Michelle Monaghan clings to summer in pretty floral dress... as she attends her THIRD event in one night  Mellow yellow Billy Bob Thornton, 61,  reveals favorite My Little Pony character while promoting raunchy sequel Bad Santa 2 The 61-year-old actor showed his tender side Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Couples dressing! Kate Mara and boyfriend Jamie Bell are a chic pair in complementary looks at the premiere of Past Forward That's a long haul! Tom Hiddleston looks a little weary after arriving back in LA after London trip Carried his own luggage with a large rucksack  Allison Williams strikes a flirty pose in floral patterned frock at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Girl time! Michelle Williams is attached at the hip with gal pal Busy Philipps...after talking about daughter Matilda's 'petting zoo' Spotted in Los Angeles 'I remember feeling very insignificant': Emma Stone wows at La La Land premiere... as she reveals film depicts her worst audition experiences Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  Rihanna shows off her fiery red locks as she's spotted on the set of Bates Motel in Vancouver  The Needed Me singer has a soft spot for acting Gummy mummy! Joyous Christina Milian flashes her perfect smile as she visits salon with daughter The pair looked blissfully happy Amy Adams and lookalike redhead Isla Fisher stock up for the holidays at Beverly Hills gifting suite They are two of Hollywood's hottest stars Baby joy! Sunset Beach star Ashley Hamilton welcomes a daughter with girlfriend Renee Karalian The 42-year-old son of George Hamilton  Has Margot moved to LA? Australian actress puts on a loved up display with boyfriend Tom Ackerley as they arrive in after bidding farewell to the UK That's a bit tight! Ireland Baldwin puts on eye-popping display in a TINY bikini top for series of selfies Shared busty selfies of herself Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  'I love my husband and kids more than acting': Nicole Kidman reveals she and Keith Urban decide their next career moves during 'family meetings'  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia Fabulous at 47! Model Christy Turlington looks elegant in black and diamonds at Tom Hanks MOMA tribute in NYC The Vogue model wore a black dress Alexa Chung flaunts her lithe legs in a quirky leather mini-dress as she attends MOMA film benefit in NYC Ruffling the fashion crowd  Nobody's looking at the water! Shanina Shaik shows off her bountiful booty in a bikini by the sea... after admitting that she prefers swimsuits 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship He said yes! New Kids On The Block singer Jonathan Knight proposes to boyfriend Harley Rodriguez during African holiday Popped the question Make-up free Jennifer Garner, 44, shows off youthful good looks and endless legs as she enjoys lunch with Alias co-star Victor Garber Always simply chic One Direction... to the bar! Dapper Niall Horan heads to The Nice Guy with a pretty female pal as he continues to enjoy LA life  Loving life in LA New couple? Avril Lavigne and Ryan Cabrera 'snuggle up' at New York City restaurant where they sip wine and mingle with pals Extremely affectionate  Sheer beauty! Milla Jovovich leads the style crowd at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looked stylish  Cleopatra comin' at ya! Pregnant Marion Cotillard wears Egyptian-inspired outfit to Allied screening in NYC Growing baby bump Double date! Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson hang with longtime friends Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw at MOMA tribute to actor Paid homage to Hanks 'Our little man!' Jurnee Smollet-Bell announces birth of first child with cute Instagram snap The Friday Night Lights and True Blood star, 30, shared her happy news Is she fur real? Lady Gaga wears MASSIVE furry pelt as she pampers herself at Epione Salon in Beverly Hills Made quite the entrance Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Pink Pony club 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Chrissy Teigen looks chic in all white before she slips into plush black ensemble to match John Legend on romantic date night in NYC 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Body image struggles Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'Due to the current climate': Alicia Keys switches from new single to political song Holy War on The Voice The 35-year-old singer got political  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy Magazine Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind No time to sleep! Britney Spears keeps fans awake as she releases new single Slumber Party at midnight    Big release for star How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Studio City The 29-year-old was spotted looking tanned  An early Christmas present! Christina Hendricks flaunts her formidable bust in tight dress at Bad Santa 2 premiere Looked radiant  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Sally Wood, 38, shows off her post-baby body in a leather dress as she joins husband Ronnie ,69, at The Rolling Stones' Exhibitionism launch in New York Caitlyn Jenner puts on leggy display as she goes on her daily coffee run in Malibu in patterned mini skirt Long hair was as usual parted in the middle Beauty and brains! Cindy Crawford goes back to school to expand on her savvy business skills The 50-year-old posted a snap of her desk  Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Also rocked a fluffy, off-the-shoulder sweater  Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold?  Shakira thanks fans for well wishes during son's illness and says one-year-old tot is 'back to his cheerful self' Canceled appearance at Latin Grammy's recently From boho to the boudoir! Elsa Pataky shows off her enviably-toned body in sultry lingerie campaign images Wife of Chris Hemsworth Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Poppy appeal! Glamorous Dame Joan Collins continues to sport a Remembrance Day poppy as she makes a super chic entrance at LAX Georgia May & Co hit the pub after Royal Academy do: Model joined by Suki Waterhouse and Lily Donaldson for a night on the town  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Dad broke achy hearts and her sister came in like a wrecking ball He's ripped! Nick Jonas displays buff biceps and six-pack abs as music, film and TV star covers new Men's Fitness Looking good  'There are areas we're exploring': HBO executive CONFIRMS Game Of Thrones prequel talks with creator George R.R. Martin As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the pieces in the collection Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5million mansion Making a tidy profit too Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  Revealed in his memoir, Just Getting Started From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Partially-burned body of missing 26-year-old man found buried in shallow grave at Jersey shore after killer reveals location to police 23 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Law & Disorder / Civilization & Discontents Judge skewers Oracle attorney for revealing Google, Apple trade secrets [Update] Lawyer “screwed up and she never should have done what she did,” judge says. by David Kravets - Sep 23, 2016 11:52 pm UTC Login to bookmark 76 Jeff Pachoud/Getty Images UPDATE 4:52pm PDT: The judge presiding over the case on Friday neither held Oracle's attorney in contempt nor issued any sanctions. Instead, the judge ruled that issuing such an order would be "heavy handed." (PDF) The judge ordered that Oracle would have to pay for Google's expenses in its successful bid to seal the transcript of the lawyer's courtroom disclosure—an amount that will be determined later. ORIGINAL STORY: The federal judge who presided over the Google-Oracle API copyright infringement trial excoriated one of Oracle's lawyers Thursday for disclosing confidential information in open court earlier this year. The confidential information included financial figures stating that Google generated $31 billion in revenue and $22 billion in profits from the Android operating system in the wake of its 2008 debut. The Oracle attorney, Annette Hurst, also revealed another trade secret: Google paid Apple $1 billion in 2014 to include Google search on iPhones. Judge William Alsup of San Francisco has been presiding over the copyright infringement trial since 2010, when Oracle lodged a lawsuit claiming that Google's Android operating system infringed Oracle's Java APIs. After two trials and various trips to the appellate courts, a San Francisco federal jury concluded in May that Google's use of the APIs amounted to fair use. Oracle's motion before Alsup for a third trial is pending. Oracle argues that Google tainted the verdict by concealing a plan to extend Android on desktop and laptop computers. As this legal saga was playing out, Hurst blurted out the confidential figures during a January 14 pre-trial hearing, despite those numbers being protected by a court order. The transcript of that proceeding has been erased from the public record. But the genie is out of the bottle. Google lodged a motion (PDF) for sanctions and a contempt finding against Hurst for unveiling a closely guarded secret of the mobile phone wars. During a hearing on that motion Thursday, Judge Alsup had a back-and-forth with Hurst's attorney, former San Francisco US Attorney Melinda Haag. According to the San Francisco legal journal The Recorder, Haag said that her client Hurst—of the law firm Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe—should not be sanctioned because of "one arguable mistake made through the course of a very complex litigation." According to the Recorder (subscription): But at the end of Haag's initial remarks, Alsup asked her a blunt question: "Do you admit that [Hurst] should not have revealed this to the court in the way that she did?" Haag declined to answer directly and tried to make a legal argument, but Alsup cut her short. Haag's "dodging," the judge said, was "not helping." "I think you're afraid to come out and admit that [Hurst] screwed up and she never should have done what she did," he said. "If the shoe was on the other foot, you would be jumping up and down." "It takes away from the rest of a very good argument that you made that you wouldn't make that concession," he said. The judge went so far as to say that he "hopes" that, when Orrick lawyers ask for confidential information in other case elsewhere, "someone raises this." Haag, undeterred by the dressing down, said that Google could not show bad faith necessary to hold Hurst in contempt. When Alsup said that he was inclined to side step a bad faith finding by granting Google's motion for sanctions under Rule 37 of the Federal Rule of Civil Procedure, Haag responded by citing two cases that held even a Rule 37 sanction motion requires a finding of bad faith. "I'm not saying it's OK," Haag finally conceded late in the hearing. "I'm saying she shouldn't be held in contempt for doing so." Google attorney Bruce Baber argued that at a minimum, sanctions were necessary to protect the legal process. "This is not about trying to punish anyone," Baber said. "It's important for the court to clarify the protective order." Meanwhile, Hurst also said in open court in January that regarding the Google-Apple agreement to place Google search on iOS, "the revenue share was 34 percent." "That percentage just stated, that should be sealed," Google lawyer Robert Van Nest countered at the time, according to the transcript. “We are talking hypotheticals here. That’s not a publicly known number.” Whether the figure was the percentage kept or paid by Google is not clear. Although Judge Alsup did not rule on Google's motion for contempt or sanctions, he is expected to do so soon. After deliberating for three days in May, the Oracle-Google jury concluded that the Android operating system did not infringe Oracle-owned copyrights because Android's re-implementation of 37 Java APIs was protected by "fair use." Expand full story Reader comments 76 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - David Kravets / The senior editor for Ars Technica. Founder of TYDN fake news site. Technologist. Political scientist. Humorist. Dad of two boys. Been doing journalism for so long I remember manual typewriters with real paper.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
null
null
