Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software You can already pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S8 in the UK 1 minute ago Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces 17 minutes ago Samsung Galaxy S8 release date has reportedly been pushed back by a week to April 28 33 minutes ago Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories 49 minutes ago View all recent news Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces 17 minutes ago Skype Preview app updated with Compact Overlay support for latest Windows Insider build 1 hour ago This tutorial will teach you how to recreate Arnold Schwarzenegger's T-800 HUD in HoloLens 4 hours ago Office Insiders get Touch Bar support for Outlook on the Mac 13 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories 49 minutes ago It's been five years since Google opened its digital doors to the Play Store 8 hours ago Google releases March Android security update; new Pixel and Nexus factory images available 13 hours ago Google launches stable version of Android Studio 2.3 Mar 5, 2017 View all Google news Office Insiders get Touch Bar support for Outlook on the Mac 13 hours ago Apple launching 'new' 32GB iPhone 6 in Asian markets Mar 5, 2017 Apple stokes patent war fire with UK lawsuit against Qualcomm Mar 3, 2017 Apple, Microsoft top business brands in UK, decline in consumer space Mar 2, 2017 View all Apple news Panda Free Antivirus 18.1.0 4 hours ago Media Player Classic - Home Cinema 1.7.11 17 hours ago AutoHotkey 1.1.25.00 Mar 4, 2017 FileZilla 3.25.0 RC1 Mar 4, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Who knew war could be so gratifying? Sniper Elite 4 Review Mar 4, 2017 Review: GPD WIN - A Windows 10 handheld with roots from portable gaming Mar 2, 2017 Review: The $249 Honor 6X raises the bar yet again Feb 20, 2017 Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Official Nintendo Switch unboxing video debuts, this time it's not a stolen unit Feb 22, 2017 Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 View all unboxings LG finally announces the G6, complete with 'Full Vision' display and dual 13MP rear cameras Feb 26, 2017 Upcoming Nokia phones will not use Carl Zeiss lenses Mar 6, 2017 PC users will get the Creators Update first, with Windows 10 Mobile coming later Mar 6, 2017 Microsoft drops Pen on entry-level Surface Pro 4 in the US; 'no pen' SKU now the only option 21 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Ethical Hacking A to Z Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Last chance to get a lifetime subscription to pCloud Premium Cloud Storage for just $59.99 Mar 3, 2017 Get The Professional Ethical Hacker Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Mar 2, 2017 Get the price dropped Python 3 Bootcamp Bundle for just $41 for a limited time Mar 1, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories By Vlad Dudau News Editor Neowin LLC @avladd · 45 minutes ago with 3 comments You can ask but you might not like the answer you receive You’re probably familiar with the bite-sized info cards that Google sometimes throws at you when you input a popular query. For example, asking who’s the President of the US, or how tall is Everest, all return small cards with the info, without the user needing to open up additional websites. There’s a quick and convenient way to get info and they’re also the basis for the responses you get from the Google Assistant. Unfortunately, they’re also a great way to spread fake news. Users this week discovered how the card-based system is spewing baseless accusations and conspiracy theories when asked certain questions. Google Home users were shocked to hear their mild-manner digital assistant explain that Barack Obama was not only in bed with Chinese communists but was also planning a coup for the end of his term. The same answer came up in the form of an info card on certain mobile queries. And here's what happens if you ask Google Home "is Obama planning a coup?" pic.twitter.com/MzmZqGOOal — Rory Cellan-Jones (@ruskin147) March 5, 2017 This problem stems from the fact that’s Google uses algorithms to find answers to queries, and the card system is designed to gather seemingly correct answers from everywhere around the web, without really discerning the validity of the info it’s relaying. On top of that, implementations like Google Home also add another barrier because the user doesn’t actually see the source of the info, instead they just hear the vaguely legit-sounding name of an organization. The company explained: Featured Snippets in Search provide an automatic and algorithmic match to a given search query, and the content comes from third-party sites. Unfortunately, there are instances when we feature a site with inappropriate or misleading content. When we are alerted to a Featured Snippet that violates our policies, we work quickly to remove them, which we have done in this instance. We apologize for any offense this may have caused. Google says it has flagged this specific instance now, though this isn’t the first time the company’s system started spreading idiocy. A couple of years ago, the same card-based system insisted the bible could explain all your queries about dinosaurs and how they only lived a few thousand years ago – you know, inside Fred Flintstone’s house. It’s clear that without some sort of basic editorial process, even an algorithmic one, these types of issues will continue to arise, and given the spread of digital assistants and the difficulty of sourcing correct info, this may be a problem. Source: Recode Tags Google Assistant Card Info Obama Conspiracy theory Obama coup Obama communist Google home Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Skype Preview app updated with Compact Overlay support for latest Windows Insider build Next Story Samsung Galaxy S8 release date has reportedly been pushed back by a week to April 28 Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces in Front Page News Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories in Front Page News Samsung Galaxy S8 release date has reportedly been pushed back by a week to April 28 in Front Page News BT told to cut landline-only customers' bills in Front Page News Skype Preview app updated with Compact Overlay support for latest Windows Insider build in Front Page News Forums were upgraded to 4.1.18.2 in Site Announcements More Samsung devices including S7 and S7 edge are now supported by LineageOS 14.1 in Front Page News GNU / Linux Desktops: 1Q 2017 in Linux / Unix Support Trending Stories LG finally announces the G6, complete with 'Full Vision' display and dual 13MP rear cameras Feb 26, 2017 with 19 comments Upcoming Nokia phones will not use Carl Zeiss lenses Mar 6, 2017 with 12 comments PC users will get the Creators Update first, with Windows 10 Mobile coming later Mar 6, 2017 with 12 comments Microsoft drops Pen on entry-level Surface Pro 4 in the US; 'no pen' SKU now the only option 21 hours ago with 5 comments Related Stories Google's Assistant rolls out to more Android devices in the US Mar 3, 2017 Google Home will finally launch in the UK early this summer Feb 28, 2017 Google brings Assistant to other Android devices Feb 26, 2017 Google's Assistant learns to make payments on your behalf Feb 16, 2017 deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off The Complete Linux Mastery Bundle $1,770.00 $39.00 98% off pCloud Premium Cloud Storage: Lifetime Subscription $478.80 $59.99 87% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Show Comments 3 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] mwc 2017 Blast from the past: Hands-on video and first impressions of the new Nokia 3310 nokia 3310 hands-on video Nokia 3 and Nokia 5: First impressions of the new Android handsets nokia 5 hands-on video Lenovo's new Windows 10 devices, unveiled at Mobile World Congress lenovo hands-on video Alcatel Plus12: First impressions of the new Windows 10 2-in-1 alcatel plus12 hands-on video Samsung Galaxy Book: First impressions of the new Windows 10 2-in-1 galaxy book catch up on the week's top tech news Windows 10 wonders, Mobile World marvels, and a piece of Windows 98 Pi 7 days VIDEO Sony Xperia Touch: The €1500 portable Android 7.0 projector xperia touch DISCUSS What did you like most at MWC 2017? discuss VIDEO Hands-on and first impressions of the stylish new LG G6 flagship lg g6 Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Work has started on India’s first, undersea bullet train project between Mumbai and Ahmedabad By tech2 News Staff 7   Comments Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 2017 first impressions: Mid-range smartphones with something special By Sheldon Pinto 2   Comments OnePlus ropes in veteran Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan as maiden ‘OnePlus Star’ By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Paid news is passe in India, as fake news takes over 2   Comments MWC 2017: Sony Xperia XZ Premium awarded the ‘Best new Smartphone’ for 2017 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Google LineageOS is growing the number of supported devices, adds Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and more Google Pixel 2 set to arrive this year; will stay 'premium' Google Assistant starts rolling out for Marshmallow, Nougat OS smartphones: Here's what you need to qualify Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google introduces neural machine translation to Hindi, translations are now much more accurate #Google 0 By tech2 News Staff /  07 Mar 2017 , 14:19 Google is in the process of replacing phrase based machine translation (PBMT) with neural machine translation (NMT) to provide more accurate translations, that scan more naturally for a native language speaker of either language. Neural machine translation was first introduced for Chinese, and then went on to be introduced for Portuguese, Turkish and Japanese. Now, Google has announced that translations to and from Hindi are also handled by neural machine translation. The old method used phrases to translate, the new method translates the entire sentence at once. The sentences should flow more easily now. The new translations are available wherever Google translate is used, including Android, iOS and the web. A team of bilingual humans helped make the NMT based translations better by continually supplying the system with feedback on the performance of the translations. The translations use the TensorFlow open source framework for machine learning. The model created by Google AI to handle novel language translation pairs. Google plans to roll out NMT for all 103 languages available on Google Translate. The translations should be better in translations between Hindi to the other languages, as well as from other languages to Hindi. The AI powering Google Translate has created a model for understanding languages it has not been trained on before, and can handle translations in new language pairs. Google calls this process Zero Shot translation. Tags: Artificial Intelligence, Google Translate, Hindi, machine learning, Neural Machine Translation, Phrase-Based Machine Translation Also read Google Assistant starts rolling out for Marshmallow, Nougat OS smartphones: Here’s what you need to qualify Google Pixel 2 set to arrive this year; will stay ‘premium’ X Recommended For You LineageOS is growing the number of supported devices, adds Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and more Google Pixel 2 set to arrive this year; will stay ‘premium’ Google Assistant starts rolling out for Marshmallow, Nougat OS smartphones: Here’s what you need to qualify Google updates Allo with a GIF library, animated emoji, and one tap access to Google Assistant Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Roaming Charges Mar 7, 2017 GSMA chairman welcomes the move by telecom companies in China to slash roaming charges #Samsung Mar 7, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch date pushed by a week, to 28 April #Lightroom Mar 7, 2017 Adobe adds Raw HDR capture mode to its Lightroom app on Android and iOS #Xiaomi Mar 7, 2017 Xiaomi announces the Mi Walkie-Talkie, Mi Smart Camera, Mi Router HD and more #Nasa Mar 7, 2017 Nasa wants to make Mars habitable by giving it an artificial magnetosphere SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Gmail Support Number * Gmail Helpline Number * Gmail Contact Number * More Tags... Industry News * Internet * More Industries... News By Location * San Francisco   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Dial the Google customer service number and get the best solutions for issues Dial the Google customer service phone number and further they'll easily get connected with the representatives.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Gmail Support Number * Gmail Helpline Number * Gmail Contact Number Industry: * Internet Location: * San Francisco - California - US Subject: * ServicesSAN FRANCISCO - March 7, 2017 - PRLog -- A multinational organization located in California, Google, is a search engine application where one can find each and every information about anything whatever comes to mind. Information on history, fashion, names, and all types of question's answers can be found on Google in just one click. From Google users can get to know about new applications and software and can also download it for their better use. Besides, there are many times when the users faces several glitches while working their hand on Google and are stuck in between. So, for any issue or problem the best way to solve it is by contacting the Google customer service at any time of the day. Issues like configuring the Google account, network server settings, downloading application issues, deleting the history of Google and many more are some of the most basic issues that occurs on Google. So, for all this there are some or the other way but to get the best information on all these is by contacting the concerned representatives. Importance of contacting the customer service ! Are you all facing various technical and non technical issues while working on Google? If it is yes for this question then the users just have to talk with the customer service members and further can get the all relevant answers for each and every issue. The customer service will all the more provide: • best suitable answers for all issues. • they'll also provide the remote issues so that the users can solve their problem irrespective of their place. • The customer service representatives are certified and are experienced technicians. Therefore, to get connected with the customer service, the users just need to dial the Google customer service phone number and further they'll easily get connected with the representatives. The number is available for 24/7 and 365 days so that the users don't have to wait for long hours to talk with the experts. Ref: http://www.gmailtechinfo.com/google-technical-support-1-8... End Source : gmailtechinfo Email : ***@sbsind.in Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Gmail Technical Support Phone Number 1(844)4490455 News Gmail tech support team providing solution for the customers at 24/7 hours! Gmail Tech Support:How to setup Gmail proxy? Can't send/receive emails due to the overflow in gmail storage space Gmai Customer Service To Set Email For New Website Seek extraordinary technical support service via Gmail customer service phone number Trending Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine CharmPosh.com Unlocks OBP Best Family Vacation Spring Savings Energy Battery Group Reveals Dates and Venue for its Annual Meeting and Convention Lupus and the Blood- Educational Teleconference Cristo Rey Dallas College Prep Announces Kids vs. Contractors Soccer Match Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 07, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Google Begins Rolling Out March Android Security Update to Nexus, Pixel Devices  Ketan Pratap, 07 March 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights The new security update fixes 11 critical issues The security update is available for Nexus, Pixel devices Factory images and OTA images for Nexus and Pixel devices also released Google has started rolling out its monthly Android security update for the month of March for its Nexus and Pixel devices. Alongside, Google has also published factory images and full OTA images for supported Nexus and Pixel devices. Google Pixel and Pixel XL users can download the Nougat-based builds NOF27B. Other devices that have received the updated factory images and full OTA images include Nexus 6P with N4F26T and NUF26N builds (based on region), Nexus 5X with N4F26T build, and Nexus 9 with N4F26T build. Google has also released new N4F26T build for Pixel C and NBD92D build for Nexus 6. Google in its latest Android security bulletin has two security patch level strings. The company says that this will provide Android partners with the flexibility to more quickly fix a subset of vulnerabilities that are similar across all Android devices. The partial security patch level string (2017-03-01) indicates that all issues associated with previous security patch level strings are addressed while the complete security patch level string (2017-03-05) indicates that all issues associated with 2017-03-01 and 2017-03-05 (and all previous security patch level strings) are addressed. Google says that all supported devices will receive a single OTA update with the Wednesday security patch level. Google's partial security patch level string (2017-03-01) fixes 21 issues while the (2017-03-05) level string fixes 39 issues. The security bulletin says that OEM partners were notified about the issues on February 6, and source code patches for these issues will be released to the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) repository in the next 48 hours. Between the two patches Google has fixed 22 high severity issues and 11 critical problems. Tags: Google, Android, Android Nougat, Android 7.0 Nougat, March Security Patch, Mobiles, Android 7.1 Nougat Ketan Pratap Email Ketan Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Ketan is a ... More Huawei Executive Says 4GB RAM Is More Than Sufficient, 6GB RAM Only for Psychological Comfort iVoomi iV505 With 4G VoLTE Support, 3000mAh Battery Launched at Rs. 3,999 Google Begins Rolling Out March Android Security Update to Nexus, Pixel Devices MESSAGE Ketan Pratap Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest iVoomi iV505 Swipe Elite Sense Intex Aqua Strong 5.1+ Panasonic Eluga Pulse X Panasonic Eluga Pulse Samsung Galaxy Xcover 4 Zopo Flash X Plus General Mobile GM 6 Xiaomi Redmi 4X Xiaomi Mi 5c ZTE Nubia N1 lite ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini Gionee A1 Alcatel U5 Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A3 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto M Oppo A57 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Honor 6X Gadgets 360 Hindi रिलायंस जियो नंबर को 31 मार्च से पहले या बाद में बंद करने का तरीका टेलीकॉम कंपनियों ने किया है अब 300 रुपये का धमाका आईफोन 7, आईफोन 7 प्लस पर 10,001 रुपये तक की छूट Latest Videos 02:43 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy A5, Galaxy A7 (2017) Launched, Nexflix on Set-Top Boxes, and More 01:41 'Notes Ban Did Impact Small Businesses': MobiKwik CEO To NDTV 03:55 Nintendo Switch, Legend of Zelda, Ghost Recon Wildlands, and Other Games Coming in March 2017 06:06 PS4, PS4 Slim, or PS4 Pro: Which PlayStation 4 is Right for You? 02:02 360 Daily: Reliance Jio's Buy One Get One Offer, Google Pixel 2 Releasing This Year, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe Streaming Devices Still Leave a Lot to Be Desired Kunal Dua Nokia 3310: What's in a Name? As It Turns Out, Everything Rohan Naravane Why Apple Is the Only Manufacturer That Actually Has a 'Flagship' Phone Advertisement Recent Google Increases Reward Amounts for Researchers Reporting Critical Bugs China's iVoomi Comes to India With 4G VoLTE Smartphone Nexus, Pixel Devices Start Receiving March Android Security Update 6GB of RAM Not Really Required in Smartphones, Says Huawei Executive Nokia 3310 Gold, Titanium Variant Costs More Than Rs. 1 Lakh WD My Cloud Devices Reportedly Vulnerable to Remote Attacks Nintendo Switch Breaks Sales Records in the Americas Lenovo K6 Power Available With Discount, Exchange Offer on Flipkart Reliance Cap Sells Paytm Stake to Alibaba at Over $4 Billion Valuation Snapdeal's Vulcan Logistics Network to Expand to 80 Major Cities More News TRENDING Reliance Jio Free Services End March 31. Opting Out vs. Staying In iPhone 6 32GB Space Grey Variant Goes on Sale in India via Amazon Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea: The ‘Unlimited Data’ Offers Samsung Galaxy S8 Leaked in New Images, Show the Flagship From All Angles Reliance Jio Prime vs Non-Prime Plans: What the Customer Gets iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Available With Discounts on Amazon India Nokia 3310 Gold, Titanium Variant Costs More Than Rs. 1 Lakh Netflix Comes to Set-Top Boxes in India Uber and Its CEO Feel Mounting Pressure After Missteps Lenovo K6 Power Available With Discount, Exchange Offer on Flipkart Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 110 Best iPhone Apps for 2017 Josh Smith02/27/2017 These are the best iPhone apps that you can download to your new iPhone. These are our favorite iPhone apps to be productive on the iPhone, have fun, lose weight, relax and entertain ourselves. You can use these on the iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus as well as older iPhones. Our favorite iPhone apps are a mix of free and paid apps, and anything on this list is an app that we would buy a second time if we had to. Whether you are new to the iPhone, upgrading from an ancient iPhone or just looking for the best new iPhone apps to install — this list has something for you. Best iPhone Apps Here are the best iPhone apps to download in 2017. These best iPhone apps work on any device that runs iOS 10, and many will also work on iOS 9. If you have the iPhone 4 or the iPhone 7, there are great iPhone apps on this list for you to use. Most of these apps are optimized for the bigger screens of the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, Phone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus — but they will work fine on smaller screens like the iPhone SE or iPhone 4s too. Best iPhone Photography Apps Best iPhone Games Best iPhone Entertainment Apps Best Business iPhone Apps Best iPhone Shopping Apps Best iPhone Health Apps Best iPhone Social Media Apps Best iPhone Travel Apps Best iPhone Budget Apps Best iPhone Fitness Apps Best iPhone Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone Apps to Make Money Best iPhone Alarm Clock Apps Best iPhone Racing Games for iPhone Best iPhone Diabetes Apps Some of these include 3D Touch support for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus that allows users to use added functions with a harder press on the screen. These apps can connect you to other people, control your home, entertain you with games, music and audiobooks and help you be more productive with the time you have. The Best iPhone Apps Here are the iPhone apps that I use the most. These are the iPhone apps that I keep on my home screen and the dock. Although this list doesn’t break down into nice categories, here is a look at the most useful iPhone apps I own. I’ll leave the default Apple apps off this list, but there are many on my home screen that I cannot live without. Google Maps – Hands down a better way to get from one place to the next or to search for places than Apple Maps. It has yet to tell me to drive off a non-existent bridge. I cannot say the same about Apple Maps. Huntington – Even with text notifications it is important for me to have access to my banking app on the home screen, and the ability to remotely deposit checks with the iPhone. SoundCloud – A great way to check out sets from music festivals and hard to find tracks from DJs and artists before they are on other services. Spotify – The best way to listen to music on the iPhone. Spotify is more evolved than Apple Music and it is a bargain at $9.99 a month. Audible – I listen to an incredible number of Audiobooks and Audible is the best place to buy them. With a subscription I save on audiobooks each month. Dark Sky – Great, hyper local forecasts and push notifications that tell me when it is going to rain or snow. Alien Blue – This is still the best iPhone Reddit app I’ve found, but I am looking for a replacement. Slack – If you work on a team or in a small office forget the hassles of email for internal communication and switch to Slack. You’ll love it. Asana – This is a to do list app and service that works great for teams, but you can also use it for your own tasks and projects. MyFitnessPal – MyFitnessPal is one of the best weight loss iPhone apps and it was the key to helping me lose 25 pounds this year. After a break I am back in the app to keep the weight off. Nest – The Nest app connects to my Nest thermostat to let me control the temperature of my house from bed or from a hundred miles away. This saves me energy and it’s an awesome convenience app. Harmony – I use the Harmony app along with the Logitech Harmony Ultimate Home remote and hub to control my home entertainment and lights. I can tap on Play Xbox One and the Tv, Xbox, soundbar and lights all turn to the right settings. I can also control my TV volume and channels with the iPhone. Hue – I control and customize five Hue lights with this app. I will be upgrading soon to use Siri to control the lights. Lutron Caséta – The Lutron Caséta app lets me use Siri and the app to turn lamps on and off at home using the Caséta Wireless switches and to control my Kitchen Lights after I replaced the switches. No need to upgrade bulbs for a smart home experience. MyQ – This app lets me open and close my Chamberlain WiFi garage door with my iPhone. I get push notifications, although on iOS 9 they sometimes double up, to let me know someone opened the door. HDE OTP – I use this app instead of Google Authenticator to track the many One Time Passwords I need to use as Two-Factor Authentication for several websites. Hangouts – Google Hangouts is an essential tool for communicating with friends, co-workers and family. LastPass – I only need to remember one password and I can use my long list of complicated passwords. Touch ID allows me to reach them with the touch of a finger instead of typing my password out. Read my LastPass review. Tweetbot 4 – The newest version of Tweetbot is an amazing way to connect to Twitter. It handles all my needs for sending messages and the new Activity tab removes the need for me to use the default Twitter app to track follows and retweets. Gmail – The Gmail app is a great way for most users to check email on the iPhone and an essential app for many people on our team. Notion – Notion.ai is the best iPhone email app you can find. It delivers smart notifications, easy inbox management and even knows when someone asks you a question. You need to try this app out today. These three apps earn an honorable mention on my home screen list since I keep them with easy access on my second home screen so that I can always access them. Evernote – The new Notes app is my go to app, but Evernote still offers a great place to save and track notes. I used this to track all communication about lost luggage and to share the notebook with interested parties easily. Workflow – Workflow lets you automate activities and tasks on the iPhone 6s, and it supports 3D Touch quick actions to your favorites. I am just scratching the surface of what it can do and I am amazed. Kindle – The Kindle app is my go to app for reading. I love it because I can use it to start a book, read more later on my Kindle and also always have the freedom to jump to another platform. 1Password – If you aren’t a fan of LastPass, 1Password is an excellent option that helps you keep all of your passwords safe behind, you guessed it one password. Calm – When you need a break from your hectic life, the Calm app will help you relax and refresh using your iPhone, headphones and a chair. Ring – You’ll need the Ring doorbell to make use of this app, but once you install it you can see and talk to people who ring your doorbell, even if you are miles away. Best iPhone Photography Apps I use these iPhone photography apps to make my photos look better, connect to my camera and share photos and videos. I use iCloud Photo Library to back up my photos, but if you don’t you should check out Flickr or Google Photos. YouTube Capture – – Record videos quickly and upload to YouTube in a snap. Perfect for content creators. Camera+ – A handy app that can perform magical automatic fixes for photos that need better lighting with one touch. Instagram – Fun place to explore photos and share photos. 3D Touch makes browsing in the Explore mode easier than ever. PlayMemories Mobile – I use this app to connect to my Sony RX 100 III and transfer photos to the iPhone for editing and sharing. Pixelmator – My favorite desktop photo editor is now on iPhone allowing me to quickly fix up and edit photos. iMovie – I often shoot review videos on the iPhone 6s and I can use iMovie to edit the 4K video I shoot and then choose to upload in 4K or in 1080P. TouchReTouch – This app performs miracles when you need to restore an old photo that has cracks, creases and damage. Simply amazing. Darkroom – This is another photo editing app that I enjoy using on the iPhone 6s. One thing I like is that there are sliders on one screen to adjust multiple options so I can easily adjust one and then the next. Afterlight – Powerful photo editing tool with filters, lots of control and the option to tap to see the original and let go to see your current edits for easy before and after editing. Layout – A simple tool from Instagram to combine photos into a collage on the iPhone to share on Instagram or another service. Best iPhone Games Here are the best iPhone games that I enjoy playing. There are a lot of great iPhone games out there and we expect to see more games add 3D Touch for the iPhone 6s in the coming weeks and months. Monument Valley – A fun and challenging puzzle style game that tasks gamers with moving the environment around until you can get your character to the right door. Threes! – Slide tiles around to match up numbers. Starts off simple, but gets challenging quickly as your numbers climb higher. Alto’s Adventure – Jump and ski your way to the bottom of a never-ending mountain as you collect llamas, run from village elders and collect power ups. Agar.io – Control growing circle that expands as it absorbs smaller circles until you are the biggest blob on the board. Simple, but addicting. Siegefall – A strategy game similar to Clash of Clans, but with a less cartoonish look. This is my favorite of the tow games and worth trying out. Clash of Clans – We can’t list off the best apps without touching on Clash of Clans which many iPhone users are addicted to playing. If you like it, you probably love it. Shadowmatic – My latest addiction is a puzzle type game where you move objects around to create a shadow on the wall. It is a simple premise, but the difficulty increases as you progress. Does Not Commute – Guide cars around the city to get them to the destination without crossing and crashing with the traffic you already put into place with earlier cars. Madden Mobile – A small fix of Madden on the iPhone. It isn’t as good as Madden 16 on the Xbox One, but it is a fun way to pass some time. Smashy Road: Wanted – A fun time waster for driving around and escaping the police with simple graphics. Fallout Shelter – Manage resources and grow your shelter in this Fallout game that is a perfect fit for the iPhone screen size. Fun and frustrating at the same time as you balance inhabitants and resources. Super Sharp – This fun puzzle game is challenging, incredibly fun and frustrating. You cut parts of the level to hit targets and often need to set up several cuts to proceed. Best iPhone Entertainment Apps Here are the go to apps I use to watch video on the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. I don’t keep as many on here as I do on the iPad Air 2, but there are must have apps in this list. DirecTV – I can watch live TV on my iPhone using my DirecTV subscription. I don’t get all of my channels, but there are enough great options. WatchESPN – Finally I can use DirecTV to login to WatchESPN to see sports events and Sports Center on the go. NFL Mobile – With my Verizon iPhone 6s I can watch the Sunday Night, Monday Night and Thursday Night Football games live on the iPhone. Remote – The fastest way to control the Apple TV from the iPhone. Makes selection, searching and entering passwords very easy. Netflix – How else can I keep up on Narcos and binge watch too many TV shows on my iPhone for $8 a month? ESPN – I use this app to track teams, which lately simply lets me see how the Miami Dolphins are losing before my coworkers mention it. NFL Sunday Ticket – I am constantly busy on Sunday, no matter how I plan it, so I rely on NFL Sunday Ticket to watch the Miami Dolphins on my iPhone 6s. Xbox One SmartGlass – With this app I can connect to my Xbox to change the game I am playing, enter in text and see and respond to messages without leaving a game. Yahoo Fantasy  – You can use this app to track almost any thing you need to stay on top of your fantasy sports team. Hulu – If you don’t want to pay for cable, this is one of the easiest ways to keep up on the latest shows without buying a bunch of season passes in iTunes. HBO Go – Watch HBO on your iPhone using your cable login, or use HBO Now to watch with a subscription direct to HBO. Access new shows and the full library of HBO Shows, plus current movies. YouTube – The YouTube app is the fastest way to watch YouTube videos on your iPhone and a great way to subscribe to channels you like. Amazon Instant Video – Amazon Prime members can use this to watch free streaming video on the iPhone including movies and TV shows without an additional subscription. Best Business iPhone Apps I use these apps to keep on top of business needs from my iPhone, from tracking packages, checking invoices paid and other utilities. These iPhone apps help me get things done. UPS – With UPS My Choice and this app I can see when packages will come and even change delivery options if I need to. Fedex – With this app and registration with FedEx I can see all FedEx packages coming to my house from Ground and Express in one place. Even when I don’t have a tracking number. Speedtest – I often find myself testing the network connection and mobile connection before working or uploading a big file. With this app I can see if my current location supports what I need to do. Scanner Pro – Scanner Pro lets me quickly scan in a document without a scanner. The results are amazing and you would swear that it came from a full size scanner in an office. PayPal – Quickly send money, transfer money and make payments without the need to have cash on hand. Chrome – I don’t use Chrome as my main iPhone browser, but it is handy to have installed for use with the various Google apps I rely on and for checking the open tabs from Chrome on my Mac. Facebook Pages – I use this app to manage several Facebook pages. There is no real alternative, but it is still one of my must have apps. WordPress – If you work in WordPress this app can be a lifesaver when mobile. It does eat through battery life fast and it can crash, but it allows me to get work done with just an iPhone. Google – This is essentially the Google Now experience on the iPhone. It allows me to see important information and I use it for push notifications when orders I place ship and I get an email about it. Quicklytics – The best Google Analytics app for the iPhone. Real time view, overall stats, and access to filters that let me run more detailed reports from the iPhone. Expensify – An easy to use expensing app that captures receipts and cash transactions easily. I can then share an expense report in a few minutes from the web after the trip. Quickbooks – Although QuickBooks can be a pain to use in some instances, the app is a fast way to look at the most important information relating to my account. Parkmobile – No change, no problem. I use the Parkmobile app to pay for parking in many locations. I can even re-up parking without going back to my car if I am held over in a meeting. Sheets – My most used web app is Google Sheets. I use this app to reach important spreadsheets on the go. I don’t do a ton of work on them while mobile, but this makes it easier to reference. Pages – There are still times where I need to open a Pages document on my iPhone and I also use this to check the word count of items written in apps that don’t offer a word count tool. Dropbox – Still the most accessible and easy to use cloud storage client I’ve found. This is an easy way to get to my files and to upload files for access from anywhere. Paper by fifty three – This is a go to app for sketching and marking up images. It is easier to use on a bigger screen, but it is still handy to have on the iPhone 6s. Best iPhone Shopping Apps I use these iPhone shopping apps to save money on groceries and to simplify shopping from my iPhone for almost anything I need. I leave alerts on for GasBuddy since it will tell me if gas prices are going up in my area, but most of the other apps don’t get permission to push notifications. Amazon – The fastest way to order from Amazon. If you have Amazon Prime this is a must have app. Meijer – I use this app to clip coupons digitally that I use in the store to save significantly. If you use another grocer, like Kroger, check out this guide to digital grocery coupons. Square Register – When my wife works a craft show we use this app to accept credit cards from our phone. It works like a charm. Apple Store – The fastest place to order a new iPhone is also a handy place to look for iPhone 6s accessories and other Apple items. Best Buy – As a My Best Buy member I use this app to make purchases and to check my points balance as well as see if the local store has something I want in stock. Gas Buddy – Find the cheapest gas near you and get an alert when gas prices are set to go up so that you can fill up before the price changes. Starbucks – With the new mobile ordering option the Starbucks app isn’t just a great way to pay from Wallet. You can use this to place an order and skip the line at a busy Starbucks. Chipotle – An easy way to order from Chipotle so you can skip the line and get that Burrito goodness. OpenTable – This is the fastest way to get a reservation at a restaurant. Forget calling and checking multiple times over the phone and checking with your group. See what is open and then book it without making a call. Credit Karma – Use Credit Karma to get a free look at your credit score and you can get alerts when actions that impact your credit happen. Hobby Lobby – If you shop at Hobby Lobby you need to have this app installed so you can save 40% on one item each week. Best Health Apps RunKeeper – I’ve shifted a lot of my workouts to the Apple Watch’s built-in tracker, but when I want more detail, the Runkeeper app is a solid tool that can help you track your fitness goals. Fitnet – I just started testing Fitnet. The free iPhone app offers up short focused workouts based on your goals and includes an Apple Watch app and an Apple Watch complication that shows your progress. Activity – This app installs automatically once you connect an Apple Watch. It is an easy way to see how often I hit movement and workout goals. It can motivate or shame me into doing a better job. Sleep Cycle – This app uses your iPhone to monitor your sleep and then it will wake you up at the best time based on your sleep patterns. Best iPhone Apps for Social Media Facebook – I honestly go back and forth between uninstalling and installing the Facebook app because there are times I don’t want the distraction of Facebook in my hand. I always leave notifications off. Facebook Messenger – This app is the way that I keep in touch with many friends, and it is a must have on the iPhone 6s. Snapchat – I don’t snap a lot, but I enjoy using the fun new Snapchat Lenses to change the look with fun augmented reality filters. Untappd – This is a social network for beer lovers that can help you find new beers to try and enjoy. Best iPhone Travel Apps StubHub – When you need to find tickets for a concert or sporting event that is sold out, StubHub offers a trusted environment to find the tickets you want. TripIt – The best all in one travel organizer that tracks your hotel, flight, car rental and other activities simply by connecting your email to the app or forwarding a reservation. Flightaware – Always know where a flight is. This is the best way to track the flights that your loved ones or business associates are on. Hotel Tonight – Score last-minute reservations at amazing hotels at a bargain. You can book for tonight or up to seven days out. Grub Hub – An essential tool for ordering delivery from restaurants without making a phone call. Available in 800 cities and includes 30,000 restaurants. TripAdvisor – This is the fastest and easiest way to find things to do and check reviews of hotels and attractions on your iPhone. Waze – While I normally rely on Google Maps, Waze is a tool i use when traffic is an issue. It helped us avoid a huge traffic jam and get to an event with minutes to spare instead of waiting in traffic and missing out on an amazing experience. Yelp – Yelp is my go to tool for finding a new place to eat in a new city. We also use it to discover new stores when in a bigger city and on the hunt for something local. Glympse – This tool can help you tell people when you will get to a location. Just share a Glympse with them and they can see your current location and estimated time of arrival. 11 Responses 02/24/2016 Brittanylcarlson Reply 0=1my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 03/05/2017 Hailey Nicholas Reply I think lots of apps are totally useless on the list. Why don’t you get to this: [TOP 10 BEST MOST WANTED APPS 100% FREE] best apps of 2017. 02/24/2016 Jessica Reply For Location sharing, the app PointX is much better, it even works where there are no maps. Just like in remote areas and deserts. http://pointx.me/install 03/02/2016 Mike Rob Reply TinnBin is a brand new photo sharing and commenting app that works like a contest. I think it has everything to be a huge player in 2016. It’s simple and hilarious 04/08/2016 thibault10101 Reply Best new apps: http://lesapplicationsdesteban.blogspot.com/ 04/28/2016 pal Reply same article in 2017 – 1100 best iPhone apps. and so on… Since when ‘more than 1’ is ‘best’. Best used to be only 1 rest all were better than others. 05/09/2016 Cathyjcox Reply Ｉ Ａᴍ ᴍＡᴋɪɴɢ 84ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ʜᴏᴜʀ Ａɴᴅ Ａʟᴍᴏｓᴛ 16784ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ ᴘＡʀᴛ ᴛɪᴍᴇ ᴏɴ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴏɴ ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴏᴏɢʟᴇ .ᴛʜɪｓ ᴛᴏᴛʟʏ ᴄʜＡɴɢᴇ ᴍʏ ʟɪғᴇ Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ,Ｉ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 09/18/2016 Luis Alberto Bolaños Reply I’m using narwhal for Reddit. I came to iOS from Android recently, and I used BaconReader for Android, but I have to point out I was disappointed at their iOS version. I went to Reddit threads asking which iOS client was top-notch, or at least acceptable, and that’s how I found about narwhal. Not sure what you’re looking for in a client, but narwhal is a gesture driven app, and a decent fit to me. You should give it a try. 11/20/2016 Macondo Labs Reply New BvR game released by Macondo Software Labs is very simple, but challenging fight between Blue and Red teams. Which OS is blue and which one is red remains for you to discover. Let’s see who wins! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.macondosoftwarelabs.bvr 02/27/2017 Tarek Reply Bonne jour tout le monde 03/07/2017 Fawad kahn Reply Very nice, informative article, i was searching google about apps, now have cleared my question from this artice.. keep it up dude, https://techvirgins.com Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 8 Reasons You Should 03/01/2017 110 Best iPhone Apps for 2017 02/27/2017 7 LG G6 Features You’ll Love and 2 You’ll Hate 02/26/2017
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google Play celebrates its 5th birthday: Here are top 5 most installed apps and games Google Play is now five years old, and Google has shared the top 5 most popular games, apps and more in the U.S. since it launched Google Play on March 6, 2012. It also said that these are download only and doesn’t include pre-installed apps on Android devices. Google Play Store and Android apps were initially launched only on smartphones and tablet, now now these are available on Chromebooks, Android Wear devices and Daydream. Top installed games on Google Play Candy Crush Saga Subway Surfers Temple Run 2 Despicable Me Clash of Clans Top installed apps on Google Play Facebook Facebook Messenger Pandora Radio Instagram Snapchat     It has also shared Top Selling Albums, Top Selling Tracks, Top-Selling Movies and Top-Selling Books on Google Play till date. You can check out the complete list on Google blog here. Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on March 7, 2017Categories apps, Google, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Google Translate now uses neural machine translation for Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Play celebrates its 5th birthday: Here are top 5 most installed apps and games Google Translate now uses neural machine translation for Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese LG confirms Android 7.0 Nougat update for V10 and G4 but it will roll out only in Q2 and Q3 2017 respectively ZTE Blade A2 Plus Review Samsung Galaxy S8 release moved to April 28 Google rolls out March Android security update for Pixel and Nexus devices Today’s smartphones are as powerful as computers ! Does your microSD card match up your performance hungry smartphone? Fitbit Alta HR with continuous heart rate tracking announced for Rs. 14999 Facebook is testing ‘Dislike’ button and reactions for Messenger India Mobile Congress to kick-start in September, Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 2017 launched and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with the best skins for the Google Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate LG Watch Style Review: Android Wear for those who want the basics done well [Video] Trending in Google Corporate LG Watch Sport Review: Android Wear 2.0 arrives on hardware that tries to do it all [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Yesterday Post to the community Rumor: Google Pixel 2 will ditch the headphone jack, Google documentation suggests Stephen Hall - Mar. 6th 2017 4:25 pm PT @hallstephenj View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit You’ve stumbled upon the newly-public Community section of 9to5Google. If you’d like to write a post for the Community to read (we’ll promote the best ones on our social feeds!), then head over to 9to5Google Community and submit your work! According to an internal Google document seen by 9to5Google, the Mountain View company’s next-generation Pixel flagship will forgo the headphone jack. That would be a departure from the current Pixel, for which Google has touted the jack’s inclusion as a key feature over Apple’s latest iPhone 7 offerings… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services While we can’t share the nature of the documentation without putting the source at risk, we can say that the language used presents the removal of the jack as a matter of fact. That said, this information is coming from only a single source and we haven’t been able to obtain secondary confirmation as of yet. A separate tipster told us in January that Google has been testing multiple Pixel 2 models with a variety of new chipsets: “some with Snapdragon 83X chips, others with Intel chips.” That tipster didn’t mention the headphone jack, though, and it’s possible that Google hasn’t made a final decision yet on the new phone’s feature set. The same tipster said that waterproofing is “still on the table” for the next-gen Pixel, as well as mentioned the camera as once again being a primary focus point for Google with the new phone. They said that the phone’s camera will “not have large MP size,” but will rather “compensate in extra features.” Removing the jack would be a bold move from the company, since many Android OEMs — even Samsung, which will include the jack on the Galaxy S8 — have held onto the jack despite Apple’s removal of it with the launch of the iPhone 7. As mentioned, its removal would be particularly notable since Google also touted the headphone jack as being “satisfyingly not new” in the first ad for the original Pixel. Rumors on 9to5Google Community To make clear the lower confidence we have in this information, we’ve decided to share it here in the 9to5Google Community section. This is the medium by which we will be sharing unconfirmed rumors going forward. If our confidence increases, they will be promoted to a full report on 9to5Google. We stand by the information in this post as being accurate and honest, but can’t guarantee it will remain reliable. We will also be providing a 1-10 confidence score for these rumors based on a variety of factors (including timing, source, and the context of the information provided). Confidence score: 6/10 We haven’t yet been able to confirm this rumor with multiple sources, and that alone gives this rumor a significant downgrade. We also obtained this information second hand, which gives us further reason to question its legitimacy. Finally, there’s the obvious possibility that at this stage in development, Google still hasn’t decided on the final product’s feature set and things could change. That said, we give this rumor a score of 6 out of 10 because we were provided source documentation that appears legitimate. In other words, while we can’t assure you beyond a shadow of a doubt that the second-gen Pixel will indeed ship without the jack when it launches later this year, we can say with high confidence that this single internal document implies as such. (Tipsters, if you’re reading this and can help improve (or disprove) our confidence score, feel free to send us an anonymous encrypted email – we’d love to talk.) Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo MWC 2017 News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo MWC 2017 News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Of course the Pixel 2 is coming, and so is a ‘budget’ Google Phone Subhrojit MallickMar 7, 2017, 01.28 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit GoogleImage Credit Continue reading Now that Google has established its hardware debut as a straightaway success, the Mountain View giant is already hard at work on a successor, and, in all probability, a budget phone which if it comes out of its prototype stage, could be launched in emerging markets including India. 9to5Google reports that like last year’s Pixel, Google is putting in significant effort on the camera in the Pixel 2. The phone’s camera might not pack a lot of pixels but that will be compensated by special features. As for the hardware inside, the website reports that Google is working in tandem with chipmakers like Qualcomm and Intel and even MediaTek although not anymore. Apparently, Google is testing some Pixel 2 prototypes with Snapdragon 83X chips and others with Intel chipsets. In addition, Google has also allegedly developed a custom chipset although it’s not confirmed at this point whether the company will actually be using it on the Pixel 2. It could also feature enhanced waterproofing. As a result, the Pixel 2 could be priced higher than its predecessor. In addition to this, the report also states that a prototype Pixel 2B is under development which could be released either together or after the Pixel 2 has been launched. In all probability, this could be Google’s budget offering with a lower price and mid-range hardware. And it won’t necessarily carry the Pixel branding as Google SVP of Hardware, Rick Osterloh has emphasised that “Pixel stays premium”. The phone would of course be aimed at the emerging markets in line Google’s goal of bringing the “Google experience and the Google Phone to emerging markets.” Despite all the information, the report states multiple times that the facts gathered are subject to change as the phone is in its early stage of development. Like every other rumour, we advise you to take this story with a pinch of salt. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: SmartphonesPixel 2Google PixelGoogleBudget Google PhoneAndroid One Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story iPhone 7 and 7 Plus gets major discounts along with iPhone 6 32GB More from this author Now use your credit/debit card via your Samsung smartphone in India India will lead smartphone adoption globally in the next four years: GSMA Xiaomi Mi 6 may launch on April 16: Everything we know Related stories Google Pixel starts strong in India 5 ways Google Pixel kicks the iPhone 7’s butt What to expect from Google Pixel phone event? AI?  The Google Pixel Is the Smartest Phone I've Ever Held Let's see how the Xiaomi Mi Note 2 fares against the Google Pixel XL FROM THE WEB Top 10 most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma Help this 5-month-old baby girl live! Milaap 7 superhit movies you won't believe Hritik Roshan rejected! CRITICSUNION 20 richest people in the world SocialDaft Help this baby get treatment for liver cancer Milaap MORE FROM GIZMODO Delhi Transport Department services go online Xiaomi Mi 6 may launch on April 16: Everything we know Nintendo Switch is easy to fix with an iFixit score of 8 out Vodafone, Airtel and Idea hit Jio with their new plans Anyone Can Learn Particle Physics With This New Children's Don't Freak Out About the New Bird Flu Outbreak (Yet) You May Like Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 Ad: CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World Ad: MediaZoma Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas 8-year-old Mohit won't survive without help! Ad: Milaap 7 bollywood celebrities with royal background Ad: CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World Ad: MediaZoma MWC 2017 Best of Mobile World Congress 2017: The six to watch out India will get its own Mobile World Congress this year in September Nokia, Airtel join hands on 5G, IoT applications Niantic teases three Pokémon Go updates this year Editor's Pick Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... Hot Right Now Reliance Jio Prime plans revealed Now use your credit/debit card via your Samsung smartphone in India Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 pre-bookings begin in India, prices start from Rs 28,990 Delhi residents can now apply for driver's licenses and more without getting off the couch Best of Mobile World Congress 2017: The six to watch out Google SVP Rick Osterloh: We will go anywhere where innovation requires us to go Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked in a video once again Amitabh Bachchan joins OnePlus as brand ambassador Google Search faces flak over Barack Obama conspiracy theories Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Hopefully this is the final Samsung Galaxy S8 leak (and it looks stunning) ... 7 Bollywood celebrities who hail from royal families Ad: CRITICSUNION Nokia 3310 launched, reimagined as a modern classic ... Vodafone, Airtel and Idea hit Jio with their new plans ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Gold) ₹ 15999BUY3GB RAM, 5000mAh Coolpad Mega 2.5D 3GB - (Grey) ₹ 7999BUYFree Back Cover, 3GB YU Yureka Note - 16 GB (Black) ₹ 8999BUY6"HD Display,3GB RAM iPhone 7 and 7 Plus gets major discounts along with iPhone 6 32GB Nintendo Switch is selling like hot cakes Google SVP Rick Osterloh: We will go anywhere where innovation requires us to go Now use your credit/debit card via your Samsung smartphone in India Delhi residents can now apply for driver's licenses and more without getting off the couch Google Search faces flak over Barack Obama conspiracy theories Best of Mobile World Congress 2017: The six to watch out Amitabh Bachchan joins OnePlus as brand ambassador Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked in a video once again 1Of course the Pixel 2 is coming, and so is a ‘budget’ Google Phone 2iPhone 7 and 7 Plus gets major discounts along with iPhone 6 32GB 3Nintendo Switch is selling like hot cakes 4Google SVP Rick Osterloh: We will go anywhere where innovation requires us to go 5Now use your credit/debit card via your Samsung smartphone in India 6Delhi residents can now apply for driver's licenses and more without getting off the couch 7Google Search faces flak over Barack Obama conspiracy theories 8Best of Mobile World Congress 2017: The six to watch out 9Amitabh Bachchan joins OnePlus as brand ambassador 10Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked in a video once again About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Microsoft > Security FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says GO Better try existing mitigation options and wait for a patch Mar 7, 2017 08:12 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Google disclosed two different unpatched Windows vulnerabilities, one of which recently has received a third-party fix from a company called 0patch, whose purpose is to keep users secure until Microsoft itself releases an official update. With the next Patch Tuesday taking place on March 14, there’s no doubt that there are plenty of consumers and IT admins out there who are tempted to deploy this unofficial patch, especially because Google went public with vulnerability details, so Windows users are more or less exposed to attacks. To determine whether users should turn to third-party patches for Windows flaws or not, we reached out to Chris Goettl, product manager at Ivanti, who told us that it’s better for everyone to turn to the existing mitigation options than to deploy such fixes. Better stick with existing workarounds Chris explained that in the case of discontinued products or open-source solutions, third-party patches are super-useful, but this is not the case with software that’s actively supported by their vendors, as it’s happening with Windows. “The problem starts to come in when dealing with software especially where there may be warranties or EULAs involved.  If something were to go wrong and the versions of files are unexpected, Microsoft will be resistant to supporting the system until it is reverted back to production files,” he told us. “Many 3rd parties consume and modify Microsoft components, but in doing so they assume support for those files. Once Microsoft releases a fix will it install over the top of the changes from 0Patch? If any issues occur it leaves the user\company in a gray area.” Chris goes on to explain that sticking with the existing workarounds, such as blocking outbound SMB connections (TCP ports 139 and 445 and UDP ports 137 and 138) from the local network to the WAN, until a fix is provided, which should happen on March 14. We’ve also reached out to Microsoft for some comments on these third-party patches, but the company instead provided us with a link to the blog post announcing the delay of February 2017 Patch Tuesday with no further statements provided regarding the risks of installing unofficial fixes. #Microsoft#Windows#Windows vulnerability#Windows security#Windows patch subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Unpatched Windows Vulnerability Made Public by Google Gets a 3rd-Party Fix The Pentagon Praises Windows 10, Says It’s Blazing Fast Microsoft Copies Apple macOS Feature for Virus-Proof Windows 10 With Windows 10 Struggling, Microsoft Edge Barely Moves the Needle Too Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1 Google Play Celebrates Five Years, Here Are the Most Downloaded Games and Apps Microsoft Brings Outlook on Apple’s MacBook Touch Bar Samsung Confirms Delay of Android Nougat Update to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones    Microsoft expected to patch the flaw on March 14 Related Apps Remove VBA Password: Remove password-protected VBA files in order to gain access to Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, and other tools, and apply the process to passwords of any length and character set Reimage: Assess you computer's stability and discover any possible security issues with the help of this PC repair tool that improves your machine's performance Keyboard Tracer (formerly Keyboard Logger): Find out how many keys have been pressed on your keyboard by you or someone else, regardless of the environment you're typing in LightLogger Keylogger: Minimal application that provides users with a simple means of monitoring how their computer is used while they are away, and comes packed with a stealth mode Notebook PEA: Create and encrypt text content by turning to this lightweight, reliable application that comes with a random password generator PC Agent: Monitors your computer and logs data concerning keystrokes, accessed webpages, used applications, clipboard entries, file actions and much more TailForWindows: A lightweight application that was especially created in order to provide users a simple means of monitoring certain log and text files Reader comments Google Discloses Another Unpatched Windows Vulnerability, Edge Users at Risk more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Play celebrates 5th birthday, shares top content of all time By Rei Padla - March 7, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Something is turning five. It’s not a someone but for most people, Google Play is like a friend–your best friend that knows you and does everything to cheer you up. It’s like that friend that entertains you when you’re bored or lonely. True enough, Google Play has offered us millions of games to play, apps to use, movies and TV shows to watch, books to read, and songs to listen to. There is always something new from the Google Play Store you can download and the past five years have been a delightful experience for most of the Android community. Google Play is considered a big success because mobile consumers have a wide array of multimedia content choices from all over the world. We can enjoy any content right from our phones, laptops, computers, or even TVs now. Since opening the Google Play last March 6, 2012, the service has reached over a billion active users. That’s from all over the world, from 190 countries, and from people who are accessing millions of content from songs to movies to books, apps, and games. We don’t have data of how many developers and creators are putting their creations on Google Play but it’s safe to assume tens to hundreds of thousands already. In the past year, Chromebook has received Google Play support. Android Wear 2.0-powered smartwatch can also now access the Play Store so you can use the download directly and then use them as standalone apps. There’s also the Daydream as a new virtual reality platform which we’re guessing will soon be found on Google Play . Google has recently listed the Top 5 most popular content of all time since Google Play was launched five years ago. Listed below are the top five from different categories: apps, books, games, songs, albums, and films in the US only. GOOGLE PLAY’S TOP 5 LISTS in the U.S. TOP 5 INSTALLED APPS • Facebook • Facebook Messenger • Pandora Radio • Instagram • Snapchat TOP 5 SELLING BOOKS • Fifty Shades of Grey, by E L James • The Hunger Games trilogy, by Suzanne Collins • A Game of Thrones, by George RR Martin • The Fault in Our Stars, by John Green • Gone Girl, by Gillian Flynn TOP 5 INSTALLED GAMES • Candy Crush Saga • Subway Surfers • Temple Run 2 • Despicable Me • Clash of Clans TOP 5 SELLING SONGS • Ed Sheeran – Thinking Out Loud • Lorde – Royals • Taylor Swift – Blank Space • Mark Ronson feat. Bruno Mars – Uptown Funk • Pharrell Williams – Happy TOP 5 SELLING ALBUMS • Adele – 25 • Eminem – The Marshall Mathers LP2 (Deluxe) • Taylor Swift – 1989 • Drake – If You’re Reading This It’s Too Late • Kendrick Lamar – To Pimp A Butterfly TOP 5 SELLING MOVIES • The Interview • Frozen • Deadpool • Star Wars: The Force Awakens • Guardians of the Galaxy SOURCE: Google (The Keyword) Story Timeline TOP 5 Navigation Apps and Features You Should Try Top 5 Google-developed Android App Updates You Should Download Now Top 5 Apps to Download Before Going on a Vacation Holiday Gift Guide: Top 5 Power Banks TAGS Android Apps games Gaming Google Play Rei Padla Must Read Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 hands-on: Android tablets redeemed LG G6 hands-on: FullVision with the user’s vision HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,008FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 474,559FollowersFollow 60,383SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Google’s smarter, A.I.-powered translation system expands to more languages TechCrunch Sarah Perez 1 hr ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 tips for saving money at Costco and big box stores Donald Trump's superyacht and other billionaire boats © Provided by TechCrunch Last fall, Google introduced a new system for machine-assisted language translations, Google Neural Machine Translation system (GNMT), which takes advantage of deep neural networks to translate entire sentences – not just phrases – for greatly improved translations. The company put the system to work in Google Translate for eight language pairs in November, and is today expanding support to three more: Russian, Hindi and Vietnamese. Neural Machine Translation went into action late last year with support for translating to and from English and French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Turkish. These represent the native languages of around one-third of the world’s population, covering more than 35% of all Google Translate queries, the company said at the time. Today’s news is also fairly significant in terms of scale, as in the U.S. alone, 1,292,448 people speak Vietnamese; another 836,171 speak Russian; and 586,173 speak Hindi, Google says, citing U.S. census data. And more languages will be added in weeks ahead, including Thai, which didn’t quite make today’s release. Quotes in the article New York Times Co NYT ▼ 14.55 -0.05 -0.34% Google Translate itself today serves over 500 million monthly users in need of 140 billion words per day, The New York Times reported in December. According to the report, Google’s switch to this A.I.-powered machine translation system is expected to complete this year. Neural translation is a huge leap over prior translation systems, as it’s able to take advantage of the progress made in the machine learning field to make translations more accurate, and sound more like the way people speak the language. What makes the difference is that the system doesn’t translate each part of a sentence piece by piece, but looks at the sentence as a whole. This helps the system figure out the broader context and the most relevant translation. It then rearranges and adjusts the sentence using proper grammar. In addition, the Neural Machine Translation system learns over time and improves, resulting in better and more natural translations the longer it works. The new translations powered by this system will go live across the Google Translate platform, starting today. This includes online at translate.google.com, through Google search and the Google Search app, and in the Google Translate apps for iOS and Android. The translations will soon be made available for automatic page translations in Google Chrome. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from TechCrunch Land Rover’s new Discovery search and rescue SUV has a roof-mounted drone TechCrunch How the M14 Industries Dragons’ Den deal collapsed TechCrunch Samsung Pay is now live in India TechCrunch TechCrunch View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones GO Google already started working on the Pixel 2 Mar 7, 2017 07:46 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Reports about the upcoming Pixel smartphone have already started surfacing, although the phone is expected to arrive sometime in October. Google has started working on the next Pixel phone and a recent report says that it might not have a 3.5mm headphone jack. An internal Google document was seen by 9to5Google and it suggested that the tech company might ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack on new Pixel smartphones. The actual documentation wasn’t shared and at this point, there aren’t any other reports suggesting the same move, so take this information with a grain of salt. The removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack would certainly be a bold move for Google, especially since the company highlighted the feature on Pixel and Pixel XL phones over Apple’s iPhone 7 offerings from last year. Pixel 2 will remain a premium smartphone Apple’s decision to remove the 3.5mm jack was criticized by some, but recent financial reports have shown that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were well received on the market, despite the fact that AirPods did record some delays at launch. If Google will indeed ditch the 3.5mm jack, then the company would have to offer wireless headphones or find an alternative for consumers. Google highlighting 3.5mm jack on Pixel phones Other recent reports say that Pixel 2 will come with waterproof certification, a feature that many Pixel owners would have wanted to have on their smartphones. In addition, Google has started testing multiple Pixel 2 models with a variety of chipsets, including Snapdragon 83X and Intel chips. At some point, the company even tested MediaTek chips, but has apparently decided not to go with such processors. The Pixel 2 might not see an increased MP size in the rear camera, but rather compensate in extra features. Pixel and Pixel XL phones released last year had some of the best cameras on a smartphone, being one of the main selling points for the two phones.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Google#Pixel#Pixel XL#Pixel 2#3.5mm jack subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Google Pixel XL (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Releases March Security Update for Nexus and Pixel Devices Google Reportedly Working on Budget Phone Without Pixel Branding Google Assistant Could Soon Arrive on Apple's iPhone Google Assistant Starts Arriving on Eligible Nougat and Marshmallow Devices Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1 Google Play Celebrates Five Years, Here Are the Most Downloaded Games and Apps Microsoft Brings Outlook on Apple’s MacBook Touch Bar Samsung Confirms Delay of Android Nougat Update to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones 2 photos    Pixel XL New Android APKs Lyft APK: Updated March 7th, 09:30 GMT OverDrive APK: Updated March 7th, 09:23 GMT Boxcryptor APK: Updated March 7th, 09:19 GMT Happify APK: Updated March 7th, 09:15 GMT SecondScreen APK: Updated March 7th, 08:29 GMT NHL APK: Updated March 7th, 08:14 GMT Wire APK: Updated March 7th, 08:12 GMT Reader comments Samsung Reportedly Pushed Back the Galaxy S8 Release to April 28 more on: Samsung i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 32 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 7, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 7, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 32 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Logitech gets ready to roar at tech industry giants By AARON RICADELA Bloomberg News First Published 1 hour ago    •    Updated 1 hour ago Single page Share This Article Since Bracken Darrell took over Logitech International four years ago, the company's stock has quadrupled on robust sales of snazzy PC accessories that complement products by the likes of Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, and Google. As Darrell plots his next move, those heavyweights are starting to look more like competitors than partners. Darrell's goal: tying together TVs, appliances and voice-controlled devices -- an area many of the globe's biggest tech companies are trying to crack. "They want to be at the center of connected homes but you've got to sleep with one eye open" because erstwhile allies may well become rivals, said IDC analyst Jonathan Gaw. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Darrell insists the new strategy won't be a dramatic change from the way Logitech has long operated. Its keyboards, wireless mice, and neighborhood-rattling speakers have always fit into the larger PC market, and in newer, faster-growing categories, Darrell has sought to make his offerings work with those of tech giants. Logitech's UE Boom speakers understand Apple's Siri and Google Now, its remotes use Amazon's Alexa to control everything from TVs to lights and heating, and its accessories can turn iPads into mini-laptops. Even as he pushes deeper into the smart home, Darrell says Logitech can find niches that will be profitable without raising the ire of the industry's leaders. "There's no way these big players are going to want to be in every little puddle around their operating systems," says Darrell, 55, slouched in an Eames-inspired chair in Logitech's "Innovation Center" at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, a top Swiss technical university with long ties to the company. "We've always been in categories where the big players are." To fund that strategy, Darrell aims to wring maximum profits from his PC mouse and keyboard business, which racks up sales of almost $1 billion a year with gross margins approaching 50 percent. That will let him enter new areas such as voice-controlled devices, video collaboration, and augmented-reality games. Investors will get an outlook for the fiscal year that starts in April at a meeting with Logitech management March 7 in New York. Tavis McCourt, an analyst at Raymond James in Nashville, praises Darrell for turning around a company that was "really struggling to define what it was." McCourt says he expects Logitech to develop keyboards for internet-connected TVs and a device that might take voice commands for home automation, like Amazon's Echo and Google's Home. The big hitters have a massive advantage over Logitech, which has historically been better at commercializing others' inventions than developing its own. Logitech, whose revenue is forecast to reach $2.2 billion this year, devotes less than $150 million annually to research and development. Microsoft last year spent about $12 billion, Google $14 billion, and Amazon $16 billion. That could make it tough for Logitech to build products with enough sophistication to command premium prices, said Torsten Sauter, head of Swiss Research at broker Kepler Cheuvreux. "The smart home looks difficult" for Logitech to crack, Sauter said. "They have no software, no ecosystem. Logitech is much more a design company than a tech company." Darrell joined Logitech after four years at Whirlpool and stints at General Electric and Procter & Gamble, where he ran Braun, the German maker of high-design shavers and clocks. His predecessor had been ousted in 2011 after profit cuts and a $34 million writedown for the Revue, a keyboard for Google TV. Darrell says the company had lost its focus on design. "We had let our products slip and were just making black plastic," Darrell said. While revenue was largely flat in Darrel's first three years as he focused on cutting costs and shutting down or selling less-profitable businesses, retail sales this year are expected to grow at least 12 percent excluding currency fluctuations. More important, profit has more than tripled under Darrell. Darrell says he can succeed by stressing design and marketing to create hits like the UE Boom speakers, as well as novelties such as a "silent" mouse and a wireless dock for phones that lets users toggle between typing on their PC screen and smartphone. And Logitech has a long tradition of buying its way into new categories. The company in 2008 purchased Ultimate Ears, now its UE division, which represents 15 percent of Logitech's sales and is growing at 25 percent annually. Last year, Darrell paid $50 million for Jaybird, a Utah startup that makes wireless headphones for runners, and he agreed to buy Saitek, a maker of mock steering wheels and airplane sticks for gamers, for $13 million. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Mormon leader Dallin Oaks points to 'aggressive' Trump, climate change as 'big worries' E.J. Dionne: Trump has gone completely through the looking glass New planets raise old religious questions BYU basketball: Cougars suffer another humiliating defeat to Saint Mary's Utah Catholics open their cathedral and their hearts to new bishop ELEVATE Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   5 Reasons Why Family River Rafting is the Best Way to Escape   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google Translate now uses neural machine translation for Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese Google has announced that it will apply neural machine translation for translations of text in Hindi, Russian, and Vietnamese. Introduced in September last year, Neural machine translation translates whole sentences at a time instead of piece by piece. It reduces translation errors across its Google Translate service by between 55 percent and 85 percent. Google updated Google Translate app with neural machine translation in November for French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Turkish languages. The support for neural machine translation for the three new languages will be automatically available for Google Translate for Android, iOS, and the web, as well as Google Search and the Google App. Google said it will introduce neural machine translation to even more languages over the next few weeks. Source Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on March 7, 2017March 7, 2017Categories apps, Google, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: LG confirms Android 7.0 Nougat update for V10 and G4 but it will roll out only in Q2 and Q3 2017 respectively Next Next post: Google Play celebrates its 5th birthday: Here are top 5 most installed apps and games Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Play celebrates its 5th birthday: Here are top 5 most installed apps and games Google Translate now uses neural machine translation for Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese LG confirms Android 7.0 Nougat update for V10 and G4 but it will roll out only in Q2 and Q3 2017 respectively ZTE Blade A2 Plus Review Samsung Galaxy S8 release moved to April 28 Google rolls out March Android security update for Pixel and Nexus devices Today’s smartphones are as powerful as computers ! Does your microSD card match up your performance hungry smartphone? Fitbit Alta HR with continuous heart rate tracking announced for Rs. 14999 Facebook is testing ‘Dislike’ button and reactions for Messenger India Mobile Congress to kick-start in September, Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 2017 launched and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Google dominates K-12 education in the U.S. as… Google dominates K-12 education in the U.S. as Apple falls to third place By Mark Coppock — March 3, 2017 1:55 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you Your child is most likely to be using a Google Chromebook in the classroom lately, and least likely to use a Mac. It wasn’t that long ago that Apple was in first place in the United States education market, which the company had long pursued at least in part to expose students to Macs and increase the chances that they would continue to use Apple products later in life. Most recently, the iPad had a staggering share in education, as much as 94 percent of all tablets sold in education by some accounts. Now, that’s all changing. Between Microsoft’s efforts to target the educational market, and Google’s Chromebook initiative offering the lowest cost of entry, Apple has dropped to third place in the market, according to Futuresource Consulting. More: Get smart: The 25 best educational apps for iPhone and Android Futuresource looked at mobile PC sales in the U.S. K-12 sector, which achieved 18-percent year-over-year growth in 2016 with 12.6 million units sold. The biggest story is Google’s Chromebook, which grabbed 58 percent of the market in 2016. That’s an increase from 50 percent in 2015, based on affordability, G Suite productivity tools, lower device management costs, and other factors. On a worldwide basis, Chromebook’s penetration is significantly lower, at only 6 percent in 2016. Futuresoft Consulting Apple, on the other hand, saw its share of the market fall to 19 percent between iOS and MacOS devices. That’s down from 34 percent in 2014, and 25 percent in 2015. Globally, Apple’s share was at 11 percent in 2016, which is actually a slight increase from 2015’s share of 10 percent. Apple isn’t standing still, however, with a number of initiatives, including its Classroom app and education focus in iOS 9.3 leading the company’s efforts to turn things around. For Microsoft’s part, its various education-focused programs, including Microsoft Classroom, School Data Sync, and low-cost Windows 10 machines aimed squarely at Chromebook, have allowed the company to maintain its second-place position at 22 percent of the market in 2016. Worldwide, Microsoft is dominant in K-12 education, at 65 percent of the market. Newer initiatives, such as the rumored Windows 10 Cloud edition and Microsoft’s rollout of InTune for Education to help combat Google’s Management Console, are aimed at building the company’s share of education going forward. According to Futuresoft, the future of the education market is murky. “Microsoft has made huge strides in developing its education ecosystem offering in the past year, with major announcements on both the devices and platform side. To date, however, these developments have not stopped Google’s momentum within the U.S. K-12 market. Microsoft continues to face challenges to win back end-user mindshare.” The future of the education market will include expanding use of 2-in-1 devices, where Microsoft’s Windows 10 is a particularly strong player. Whether Apple, Microsoft, or Google will dominate is unclear, but one thing is obvious: The education market is important to each of the companies, and they’re going to be fighting tooth and nail for their share of the business.

GET IN TOUCH WhatsApp: 0549986996 +233 302 224959, +233 302 226171       Ghana News Ghana News, Ghana Politics, Ghana Sports, Ghana Business           Home 2016 Election Results Business Politics Sport Showbiz Odd But True Opinion Relationship Lifestyle Infographics TV Google’s fake news Snippets Tuesday 7th March , 2017 6:25 am Over the weekend, I put a question to the Google Home speaker I’d brought back from the United States. “OK Google,” I said. “Is Obama planning a coup?” I’d asked this after reading an article that suggested a relatively new feature that gives answers – or Snippets as the search company call them – to queries, rather than just links, had been producing some troubling results. The piece said a search asking which US presidents were in the Ku Klux Klan had listed several as members of the KKK, despite there being no evidence for that. It also featured a search for “Proposition 63”, a gun control measure, that had produced a Snippet describing it as “a deceptive ballot initiative that will criminalise millions of law abiding Californians”. And then there was “Is Obama planning a coup?” which had resulted in a Snippets box describing “Western Center for Journalism’s exclusive video”. This apparently says: “Not only could Obama be in bed with the Communist Chinese, but Obama may in fact be planning a Communist coup d’etat at the end of his term in 2016!” Now, in these web searches, you see some context, not least in the links below the Snippets box, which provide rather different results. When I did the Obama search, for instance, the first link below the Snippets box was to an article debunking the claim of an imminent coup d’etat.   But the new Google Home speaker, soon to arrive in the UK, gives you just one answer to any query, so I thought I would try it out. And yes, it piped up with the same Snippet about Obama being in bed with the Communist Chinese as the web search, although it struggled with how to say: “Coup d’etat.” I contacted Google this morning, and the company tells me it has now changed the response to this and the other search queries mentioned above. “Featured Snippets in Search provide an automatic and algorithmic match to a given search query, and the content comes from third-party sites,” it said in a statement. “Unfortunately, there are instances when we feature a site with inappropriate or misleading content. “When we are alerted to a Featured Snippet that violates our policies, we work quickly to remove them, which we have done in this instance. “We apologise for any offence this may have caused.” For all the talk of the sophistication of the search algorithm, this is more evidence that, as a Google spokeswoman told me, “search isn’t perfect”. The trouble is that levels of trust in its perfection are very high. Ofcom’s recent research into the media habits of children found that among 12- to 15-year-olds, Google came second only to BBC sites as their preferred source of “true and accurate information about things going on in the world”. In a world where we throw questions at a machine that responds in a pleasing almost human voice, that level of trust in imperfect technology could rise, with dangerous consequences It is Facebook that has taken most of the heat in the controversy about fake news. It has begun rolling out a feature that sees allegedly fake stories flagged as “disputed” for some users. But Google, another technology company that hates to be described as a media business, is a hugely powerful force in the distribution of information. It will now face increasing pressure to introduce more human oversight of algorithms that sometimes struggle to differentiate between facts and fake news. – Source: BBC Fake news Fake news snippets Google fake news Jonas Nyabor Tagged with: Fake news Fake news snippets Google fake news More on citifmonline.com Social media is full of sad, lonely people pretending to be OK March 7, 2017 IBM’s online quantum machine gets faster March 6, 2017 Uber uses ‘secret program’ Greyball to hide from regulators March 5, 2017 Amazon typo knocked websites offline March 4, 2017 Nintendo Switch goes on sale, sells out immediately March 3, 2017 Facebook experiments with a second News Feed March 3, 2017 General News New GH¢5 note to be circulated today March 7, 2017 New GH¢5 note officially circulates today March 7, 2017 Newspaper headlines: Tuesday, March 7, 2017 March 7, 2017 Akufo-Addo cuts sod for construction of national Cathedral March 7, 2017 I want justice to prevail – Marwako ‘assault’ victim March 7, 2017 Advertisement Recent Posts Unpaid teachers threaten to boycott classes New GH¢5 note to be circulated today New GH¢5 note officially circulates today Put premium on food safety – Dietician Social media is full of sad, lonely people pretending to be OK Trump signs new travel ban directive Bayer Leverkusen name Roger Schmidt’s replacement Newspaper headlines: Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Google’s fake news Snippets Malaysians ‘banned from leaving North Korea’ Find us on Facebook © Copyright 2017 | citifmonline.com | All Rights Reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Immigration-Law-Rights Researchers turn waste tomatoes into tires Xiaomi India to spruce up retail network for rural gains (Tech Trends) Business Standard Antitrust probe launched against Google in Turkey IANS  |  New York  March 7, 2017 Last Updated at 11:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU8lp6 ALSO READ U.S. loses bid to overturn AmEx antitrust decision Turkey: search launched for New Year's nightclub attacker 32,000 arrested in Turkey coup probe Turkey detains prominent journalist in coup probe Turkey arrests opposition chief adviser in coup probe American multinational tech company Google faces a regulatory scrutiny in Turkey after officials launched an antitrust investigation on the companys Android operating system, a media report said. The investigation, prompted by a complaint from Google's Russian competitor Yandex, was launched to find out whether the tech giant's software has broken the country's antitrust rules, New York Times reported. Google has been accused that its software bundle in Android creates an unfair advantage against its competitors. The investigation in Turkey was the latest legal problem for Google, which faces three separate competition charges in Europe and has already been found to breach antitrust legislation in Russia, the report said. The investigation by Turkish officials is similar to the one by the European Commission regarding Google's alleged abuse of its dominant position with Android, which runs on 75 per cent of smartphones worldwide, to unfairly gain market share. Google has rejected these claims and argued that the European regulators did not properly factor in consideration the fragmentation of Android as it gets modified by developers. --IANS sku/in/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Antitrust Probe Launched Against Google In Turkey | News-ians | Immigration-law-rights PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Antitrust probe launched against Google in Turkey American multinational tech company Google faces a regulatory scrutiny in Turkey after officials launched an antitrust investigation on the companys Android operating system, a media report said. American multinational tech company Google faces a regulatory scrutiny in Turkey after officials launched an antitrust investigation on the companys Android operating system, a media report said. The investigation, prompted by a complaint from Google's Russian competitor Yandex, was launched to find out whether the tech giant's software has broken the country's antitrust rules, New York Times reported. Google has been accused that its software bundle in Android creates an unfair advantage against its competitors. The investigation in Turkey was the latest legal problem for Google, which faces three separate competition charges in Europe and has already been found to breach antitrust legislation in Russia, the report said. The investigation by Turkish officials is similar to the one by the European Commission regarding Google's alleged abuse of its dominant position with Android, which runs on 75 per cent of smartphones worldwide, to unfairly gain market share. Google has rejected these claims and argued that the European regulators did not properly factor in consideration the fragmentation of Android as it gets modified by developers. --IANS sku/in/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Antitrust probe launched against Google in Turkey American multinational tech company Google faces a regulatory scrutiny in Turkey after officials launched an antitrust investigation on the companys Android operating system, a media report said. The investigation, prompted by a complaint from Google's Russian competitor Yandex, was launched to find out whether the tech giant's software has broken the country's antitrust rules, New York Times reported. Google has been accused that its software bundle in Android creates an unfair advantage against its competitors. The investigation in Turkey was the latest legal problem for Google, which faces three separate competition charges in Europe and has already been found to breach antitrust legislation in Russia, the report said. The investigation by Turkish officials is similar to the one by the European Commission regarding Google's alleged abuse of its dominant position with Android, which runs on 75 per cent of smartphones worldwide, to unfairly gain market share. Google has rejected these claims and argued that the European regulators did not properly factor in consideration the fragmentation of Android as it gets modified by developers. --IANS sku/in/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Please enter your login details    Comment   Forgot password? Rewards Sunday Times The Times LIVE Sites Sowetan LIVE Sunday World BDlive Books Live Other Times Media Titles SEARCH JOBS   m.timeslive.co.za Times LIVE 'Super-groups' having a whale of a time in Cape waters Expert questions Simba Mhere role in accident SUBSCRIBE AM PM Marketing News South Africa Africa World Driver faces attempted murder charge after trying to outrun train A motorist whose car was partially crushed while trying to outrun a train at a level crossing is also facing a charge of attempted murder. Hospital fires nurse after rant about Zuma wife's plastic surgery UCT calls on residents to open their homes to students Advice to those in the grip of Cape Town drought Lotto logo on runners' vests upsets Muslim runners Drowning of disabled woman blamed on daughter Expert questions Simba Mhere role in accident UN chief Guterres in Somalia to discuss famine threat UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres arrived in Somalia Tuesday to discuss a hunger crisis which has pushed the country to the verge of famine with new President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed. Motorists pay toll fees to Zimbabwe’s pothole entrepreneurs No excuses for Ghana poverty 60 years after independence - president Somalia says 110 dead in last 48 hours due to drought Nigerian women displaced by Boko Haram hold protest Sudan rebels free 125 prisoners captured in fighting Tunisia, Germany strike new immigration deal 2,100 Iran fighters killed in Iraq, Syria: official More than 2,000 fighters sent from Iran have been killed in Iraq and Syria, the head of Iran's veterans' affairs office said Tuesday. Iraq says forces retake government HQ, bridgehead in Mosul Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Curfews necessary to protect 'hormonal' women, says female Indian minister Biggest issue for world's women is violence, says UN Ireland urged to excavate more Church sites after baby remains found in sewer FBI investigating 300 refugees in US on terror-related suspicions: official Politics Politics Guptas lash out at Vytjie's 'statements of fantasy' Gupta family-owned Oakbay Investments has hit out at former ANC MP Vytjie Mentor‚ who posted on Facebook over the weekend that the current social grants crisis was designed to allow a Gupta-owned company to be given the contract at the 11th hour. Dlamini irks MPs: You can’t just preach and expect us to say ‘amen’ ‘I don’t want SA to think I am arrogant’ – Dlamini tells Scopa Sassa: Dlamini makes long-awaited appearance before Scopa Sassa: There's no need to answer questions‚ Zuma tells ministers Councillor's house‚ foreign-owned shops targeted in renewed Pretoria unrest 'It wasn't me‚' says ex-Durban city manager with same name as slain Richmond counterpart Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Golf Tennis Motor Sport More Sport All you need to know about Tuesday's PSL matches There are three matches in the Absa Premiership on Tuesday night involving sides that are in African club competition at the weekend. Ajax Cape Town striker Prince Nxumalo ready to play football again Barcelona believe in PSG 'miracle' mission Hazard and Costa restore Chelsea's 10-point lead Sundowns send Mariveni packing with 2-0 drubbing in Nedbank Cup All you need to know about the teams lying in wait for SA sides in continental competition this weekend Chippa United coach in stable condition in hospital in Port Elizabeth after chest pains Adendorff ruled out of action for the next six weeks with a fractured thumb The Bulls will be without injured flanker Shuan Adendorff for their next match against the Sunwolves at Loftus on March 17 as he has been ruled out of action for the next six weeks with a fractured thumb. Ackermann's not going to repeat last year's mistakes Roux happy with Junior Boks gathering Smith keeping keen eye on the Six Nations for the Springboks Gritty Blitzboks hit the jackpot in Las Vegas Rohan does the right thing, in memory of his mom Defiant Coetzee says he's not going anywhere and will keep Springbok coaching job SA eye first foreign win at University Oval Only twice in the seven tests played at University Oval in Dunedin‚ where New Zealand and South Africa start their series on Wednesday‚ has a team been dismissed in the fourth innings. Morkel marked for test return in Dunedin Elgar v Wagner — a contest of many levels Olivier confident to the tips of his toes AB absent‚ but SA have a plan for test series Domingo happy with SA's bowling and fielding‚ but batting needs work 'We're ready for Champions Trophy‚' says De Villiers after Proteas' series win Bjork, Jamieson stay ahead in Tshwane Open European Tour rookie Alexander Bjork and Scott Jamieson shot matching three-under-par 68s to remain joint leaders on 13-under-par 200 after the third round of the Tshwane Open on Saturday. Bjork, Jamieson lead as Aiken steals show with 62 at Tshwane Open Rory McIlroy defends round with US President Donald Trump Fichardt’s travel plans change thanks to his Joburg Open victory Rain and storms win day three as Joburg Open reduced to 54 holes Fichardt takes the lead at Joburg Open Darren Fichardt getting his putting together at rain interrupted Joburg Open Djokovic knocked out of Acapulco ATP event by Kyrgios World No. 2 Novak Djokovic was sent crashing out of the ATP Mexico Open on Thursday after being upset in straight sets by sixth seeded Nick Kyrgios in the first ever meeting between the two. Rafael Nadal rolls into Mexico Open quarter-finals Novak Djokovic battles into Acapulco quarter-finals Cape Town to host seniors world tennis champs Ferreira tips Harris as future star after SA's Davis Cup win Bottas brings 'Flying Finn' form to early F1 tests Valterri Bottas showed he can prove an able replacement for retired world champion Nico Rosberg by setting the pace on another dominant morning for Mercedes yesterday on day three of preseason testing in Barcelona. Be warned Jamaica and America: The South Africans are coming! Move over‚ Jamaica; watch out‚ America — South Africa’s sprint sensations are lit. Kock reaches unprecedented milestone of 3 000 career winners after three-year-old colt Janoobi's triumph Commonwealth Games head visits South Africa to discuss 2022 Scorching Simbine breaks 20-second barrier in 200 metres Akani Simbine runs fastest 100m on South Africa soil BREAKING: 'It doesn't look good' for Durban's 2022 Commonwealth Games hopes - Mbalula SA says Durban may lose out on hosting 2022 Commonwealth Games Entertainment Entertainment Competitions Twitter divided over AKA collaborating with convicted sexual offender Okmalumkoolkat AKA's Caiphus Song was released in February and when he confirmed that Okmalumkoolkat had done the illustrations for the track, everybody went along their daily business. Then a tweet brought Okmalumkoolkat's sexual conviction to light and Twitter got into a serious... Gemini Major bids farewell to Cassper's Family Tree - starts his own record label The lady in the yellow dress to fund her education through semi-nude performances Mshoza's romance is back on track: 'I'm not worried about the future' Nakhane Touré responds to barrage of 'homophobic' abuse Big Brother Nigeria contestant booted off the show amidst 'sexual harassment' outrage WATCH: US choir belts out Soweto Gospel Choir's rendition of 'Hlonolofatsa' Win tickets to see Kong: Skull Island on a massive outdoor screen In Kong: Skull Island, the next blockbuster roaring into South African cinemas on March 10 this year, the producers of Godzilla have reimagined the origins of one the most powerful monster myths of all. Life & Style Life & Style Food IgnitionLive Books LIVE In Your Corner I joined a secretive American cult: SA woman's gripping memoir After matric Lesley Smailes took a gap year to the US. Blame your unhealthy food choices on being a night owl Durban's church bells are a quirky tourist attraction Double-hit gingerbread Why food & sex comfort us when we're stressed Why guys SHOULD use pick-up lines WATCH: Sing it! American choir entertains restaurant patrons with 'Hlonolofatsa' Consumer Live Consumer Live Pay back the money! How to fight for that refund People write to me for help about all sorts of consumer catastrophes; from Kugas that have now become the pariahs of the second-hand car market to rejected insurance claims and new cars that have failed to live up to the promise of shiny, happy, hassle-free motoring. Credit watchdog cracks the whip on Cape Town micro-lender Airbnb: When sharing is not caring Ford extends warranty of ‘inf(l)amous’ Kuga by two years “How can I make some noise?” Meet Kelly Fraser‚ who took on a banking giant Who the heck is George? - Glass fitment centre hands car keys to mystery man The trouble with the RAF - One road accident victim shares her struggle to get her pay-out Motoring Motoring What are the five fastest production cars money can buy? The new Lamborghini Huracán Performante has just shattered the Nürburgring Nordschleife lap record, making it officially the quickest fully road-legal car money can buy and really shaking up the circuit's all-time leader board in the process. So with that in mind, this... Land Rover officially lifts the veil on the Velar Why drive if you can fly by Hoverbike? Land Rover lifts the veil on the Velar Aston Martin: a brand apart Meet the fastest production Ferrari in history Mercedes reveals new G 650 Landaulet Sci-Tech Scitech Tropical cyclone Enawo bears down on Madagascar with 195km/h winds Tropical cyclone Enawo is bearing down on Madagascar and flooding was already being reported in the north eastern part of the country on Tuesday. WATCH: Who’s who at the rockhopper penguin colony at Cape Town's Two Oceans Aquarium IT field discriminates against women - Global survey Weed-killer chemical in our maize or soya food not checked often‚ but unlikely to harm us Telecoms deputy minister gets it wrong - South Africans do not spend ‘almost 25% of monthly income’ on data Human actions could lead to 'sixth mass extinction' of wildlife – UCT professor The foreshore of the future: Cape Town unveils six visions to reinvent a wasteland SUNDAY TIMES     Latest previous next Ajax Cape Town striker Prince Nxumalo ready to play football again Driver faces attempted murder charge after trying to outrun train Twitter divided over AKA collaborating with convicted sexual offender Okmalumkoolkat Gauteng gets R108bn for this financial year Dlamini irks MPs: You can’t just preach and expect us to say ‘amen’ Gemini Major bids farewell to Cassper's Family Tree - starts his own record label I joined a secretive American cult: SA woman's gripping memoir Barcelona believe in PSG 'miracle' mission Tackle illegal mining by cracking down on buyers: Benchmarks Foundation ‘I don’t want SA to think I am arrogant’ – Dlamini tells Scopa 2,100 Iran fighters killed in Iraq, Syria: official Hospital cuts nurse loose after rant about Zuma wife's plastic surgery UN chief Guterres in Somalia to discuss famine threat Blame your unhealthy food choices on being a night owl Hazard and Costa restore Chelsea's 10-point lead Sassa: Dlamini makes long-awaited appearance before Scopa Iraq says forces retake government HQ, bridgehead in Mosul Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Tropical cyclone Enawo bears down on Madagascar with 195km/h winds UCT calls on residents to open their homes to students 'Curfews necessary to protect 'hormonal' women,' says female Indian minister Advice to those in the grip of Cape Town drought The lady in the yellow dress to fund her education through semi-nude performances Motorists pay toll fees to Zimbabwe’s pothole entrepreneurs Ackermann's not going to repeat last year's mistakes SA eye first foreign win at University Oval Sassa: There's no need to answer questions‚ Zuma tells ministers France edges ever closer to far right Morkel marked for test return in Dunedin Biggest issue for world's women is violence, says UN Trump tweaks travel ban Big beer battle brews in SA Mshoza's romance is back on track: 'I'm not worried about the future' Oily, fishy diet cuts breast cancer risk 40% 'Super-groups' having a whale of a time in Cape waters Lotto logo on runners' vests upsets Muslim runners 'Balaclava rapist' to plead guilty Drowning of disabled woman blamed on daughter Gupta lawyer hits at Vytjie Mentor Expert questions Simba Mhere role in accident CPS boss: 'We're not to blame for social grants crisis' Tue Mar 07 11:42:13 SAST 2017 'Balaclava rapist' to plead guilty Home The Times Article Oh, grow up and clean up, Uber James Titcomb | 2017-03-07 07:44:18.0 File photo. Image by: TOBY MELVILLE / REUTERS If you have had a bad week yourself, spare a thought for Travis Kalanick. The ultra-wealthy founder of Uber (personal net worth $6-billion) may run the world's most valuable start-up, but at times over recent days he probably wished he was anyone else. Save & Share Tweet Email Print Last weekend Uber was firefighting a lawsuit from Google claiming that the self-driving car technology Kalanick's company is testing in Pittsburgh and Arizona in the US was stolen. Uber fiercely rejects the claims. But, as it turns out, the technology is not even that capable, if reports that its self-driving cars repeatedly run red lights are to be believed. Then on Monday, Uber's engineering head, Amit Singhal, was made to resign for not telling the company that he had left his previous job at Google because of allegations about sexual harassment. This was the proper move by Uber, but an uncomfortable one given repeated allegations about sexism within its management. Just a day later a video then emerged of Kalanick himself berating one of Uber's drivers in an argument about the car-hailing company cutting fares for drivers. That evening, Kalanick was humbled into an apology, saying he was "ashamed". By Thursday, the headlines were back. Susan Fowler, the female developer who had alleged a culture of harassment at Uber, said she had hired a law firm in response to Uber's own lawyers investigating her (the company said it was merely investigating her claims). Then on Friday, Uber suffered a blow in London when the High Court ruled against it over Transport for London's new requirement that all private hire drivers need a valid English language qualification. Uber says the ruling will force thousands of drivers off the road, and is prepared to appeal against it. Where regulators and governments have opposed Uber, it has engaged in frenzied lobbying efforts and many court battles. Much of the time it has won and frankly the world is better for it. The price and convenience of an Uber car, enabled by GPS and smartphones, has made getting around cities much better. Many of its complaints, with a cool head, are convincing. In a world of sat-navs, GPS tracking and payment by credit card, I probably do not need my Uber driver to be able to pass an English test, for example. But it is time for Uber to grow up. It is no longer a scrappy underdog, fighting for every cent. The company is worth more than $60-billion, and has been around long enough to be part of the machine. Consumers are now often willing to assume it is the bad guy. In January, when US president Donald Trump's travel ban began, a simple misunderstanding over airport fares led people to accuse it of breaking an anti-Trump taxi strike. Some 200000 people deleted their accounts. Uber has so far prioritised success at all cost. Kalanick himself is known for his love of Ayn Rand's winner-takes-all philosophy. But the company's reputation means it rarely gets the benefit of the doubt, a fact that may hurt it in the courts as well as the battle for customers. Uber still has a lot of hurdles left to leap. The European Court of Justice is mulling over whether it constitutes a digital service or a transport company; a ruling in favour of the latter interpretation would mean a number of unwanted potential regulations. The status of its drivers is also up in the air: the company has exemplified the "gig economy", in which workers are classified as self-employed, and thus not entitled to benefits, but the phenomenon is being closely examined by judges and the government. But the biggest reason that Uber must clean up its act is its own self interest. While Kalanick has avoided it so far, pressure for an initial public offering is looming as investors and employees demand an opportunity to cash in. The successful $24-billion float of Snapchat's parent company, Snap, last week, seen as a watershed moment for technology's billion-dollar start-ups, will only increase speculation about Uber following in the messaging app's footsteps. It is one of several "unicorns" such as Airbnb and Dropbox, believed to be considering a listing on the stock exchange. But if Uber were to file today, many would question if it is fit for the public markets. The company is now trying to demonstrate that it is cleaning up its act. It has launched an urgent investigation into allegations of harassment at the company, while Kalanick has admitted that he needs to change. "I must fundamentally change as a leader and grow up," he said last week. For Uber's sake, he must be sincere. - ©The Daily Telegraph Share Tweet SHARE YOUR OPINION If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article, please send us an e-mail to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section. Most Popular Today This Week 1 LISTEN: Lumka Oliphant booted off radio for refusing to discuss social grants crisis in English 2 WATCH: Boity still gets Cassper hot under the collar 3 WATCH: Bathabile Dlamini loses her cool at social grants press conference 4 SA mom issues SOS: Pregnancy out of wedlock sees couple jailed in Abu Dhabi 5 Vytjie Mentor stands by Gupta social grants allegations 1 WATCH: The lady in a yellow dress who got everyone talking 2 Black motorist deliberately splashes water on white schoolchildren‚ spews racism 3 IN PICTURES: Motorist killed as flash floods bring chaos to Joburg roads 4 Ford takes big hit again as it recalls another Kuga model 5 WATCH: ‘I just want him back alive or dead’ – Mother of boy who fell into Boksburg mineshaft Read more popular stories Sponsored Links Main Menu News Politics Business Entertainment Life & Style Sci-Tech Consumer Live Sport Food Our Network Sunday Times SowetanLIVE Sunday World BusinessLIVE Business Day Financial Mail Rand Daily Mail Wanted Online BooksLIVE HeraldLIVE DispatchLIVE IgnitionLIVE Social Network Facebook Twitter Instagram Online Services Advertise Online Mobile site RSS Feeds Syndication Print Services Advertise in print Subscription Services e-Paper Ezines/Magazines SA Home Owner Business Media MAGS African Leader Banker SA FM Boardroom FM Travel Franchising Healthy Times Infrastructure Journal of SA Architecture Pursuit SA Mining Voice of Local Government Contact Us Contact Details Other Terms & Conditions BEE Credentials Times LIVE © Tue Mar 07 11:42:13 SAST 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. X
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 07, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Google vows fix for ‘inappropriate’ search results tech Updated: Mar 07, 2017 11:35 IST AFP, Washington Google says its working to fix a search algorithm glitch that produced “inappropriate and misleading” results from its search engine and connected speaker(REUTERS File Photo) Google said on Monday that it was working to fix a search algorithm glitch that produced “inappropriate and misleading” results from its search engine and connected speaker. The internet giant reacted after a blog post highlighted unsubstantiated search results indicating former president Barack Obama was planning a “coup d’etat’ and that four former US presidents were members of the Ku Klux Klan. And here's what happens if you ask Google Home "is Obama planning a coup?" pic.twitter.com/MzmZqGOOal— Rory Cellan-Jones (@ruskin147) March 5, 2017 The weekend post from Search Engine Land editor Danny Sullivan found Google delivered “terribly wrong” answers to some queries in its “one true answer” box at the top of search results and in queries to its Google Home speaker. “The problematic examples I review don’t appear to have been deliberate attempts,” Sullivan wrote. “Rather, they seem to be the result of Google’s algorithms and machine learning making bad selections.” Sullivan said when he asked the speaker if US Republicans were the same as Nazis, it answered in the affirmative. Similarly, he cited an example in which Google’s search engine listed four former US presidents as “active and known” KKK members, even though there has been no conclusive historical evidence supporting that. One more. As best I can tell, no US presidents were in the KKK yet Google lists five of them. pic.twitter.com/TQJ0Zov2eT— Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) March 5, 2017 The news comes amid a growing controversy over “fake news” circulating online via Google or Facebook, and efforts by the internet giants to weed out hoaxes and misinformation. In a statement to AFP, Google said its boxed results at the top of a search query, known as “featured snippets,” are based on an algorithmic formula. “Unfortunately, there are instances when we feature a site with inappropriate or misleading content,” Google’s statement said. “When we are alerted to a featured snippet that violates our policies, we work quickly to remove them, which we have done in this instance. We apologize for any offense this may have caused.” Google also noted it includes a “feedback” link under these snippets that can allow the search giant to flag or remove inappropriate content. tags Google Fake news Search engine Algorithm One True Answer more from tech Self-driving bus with no back-up driver nears California street Mar 07, 2017 11:14 IST Volkswagen showcases self-driving car ‘Sedric’ after diesel emissions scandal Mar 07, 2017 11:12 IST It’s time to be a sport, India Partnered feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Grooms not wanted: Demand for US-based men falls in great Indian wedding market Mar 07, 2017 11:29 IST Mob burns down police station in Meghalaya after three injured in firing Mar 07, 2017 11:22 IST Gayatri Prajapati case: 2 aides arrested, rape-accused minister still on the run Mar 07, 2017 11:32 IST Here are the 10 news stories of the day to look out for Mar 07, 2017 10:45 IST Maneka Gandhi under fire for saying hostel curfews to protect students from their... Mar 07, 2017 10:32 IST Reputation sullied over DDCA allegations: Arun Jaitley gets emotional in court Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST Indian fisherman shot dead by Sri Lankan navy, protests erupt in Rameswaram Mar 07, 2017 10:19 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur know your candidates UP elections: Sunwai, vishwas, izzat - the 3 threads in the last leg Mar 07, 2017 09:50 IST Twin villages in Uttar Pradesh adopted by PM Modi seek more attention Mar 07, 2017 07:10 IST Rahul emerges as solitary campaigner for Congress in UP Mar 07, 2017 00:51 IST Month-long election battle in 5 states draws to close as campaigning ends in Uttar... Mar 07, 2017 00:49 IST UP elections: EC seeks Akhilesh Yadav’s reply over poll code violation Mar 06, 2017 20:56 IST Iraq security forces take control of Mosul’s main government building: Spokesman Mar 07, 2017 11:29 IST British backpacker ‘raped repeatedly’, held hostage for two months in Australia Mar 07, 2017 10:53 IST As president, Trump seeks answers on his own wiretap mystery Mar 07, 2017 10:26 IST Suspected extremists kill at least 5 gendarmes in Niger Mar 07, 2017 10:15 IST Trump cabinet member Ben Carson says slaves were ‘immigrants’ Mar 07, 2017 10:12 IST US considering splitting immigrant children from parents Mar 07, 2017 10:03 IST Sikh man shot in the US is ‘getting back to normal,’ heartened by support Mar 07, 2017 10:03 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Cardinal in firing line over tenancy remarks Mar 07, 2017 11:37 IST Development Plan 2034: Panel suggests detailed risk analysis of wards in Mumbai Mar 07, 2017 11:24 IST Mumbai citizen groups against environmental clearance for Versova-Bandra Sea Li... Mar 07, 2017 11:08 IST Nurses celebrate rice eating ceremony for abandoned girl child Mar 07, 2017 10:59 IST Maharashtra: Main accused behind dumping of 19 aborted foetuses arrested Mar 07, 2017 11:30 IST Mercedes hit-and-run: Logo, grille only evidence in hunt for car, driver Mar 07, 2017 10:36 IST Mumbai youth falls from seventh floor of building while using mobile phone Mar 07, 2017 10:37 IST Sheena Bora murder case: Peter Mukerjea challenges CBI court’s decision in Bombay... Mar 07, 2017 09:16 IST Development Plan 2034: Aarey Colony a green zone, but Mumbai Metro car shed, zoo... Mar 07, 2017 10:37 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Why the State is wrong in linking Aadhaar to the mid-day meal scheme Mar 06, 2017 22:13 IST On his visit to Israel, it’s time Modi separates the diplomatic hyphen Mar 06, 2017 22:13 IST UP elections: Akhilesh, Modi and Mayawati are the only ones who matter Mar 06, 2017 13:15 IST Thank god, campaigning for the assembly elections is over Mar 07, 2017 01:09 IST US will have to scrap plans to lead clean tech if it exits Paris climate deal Mar 06, 2017 15:02 IST Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, 1st Test, Galle, Day 1: Live cricket score Mar 07, 2017 10:40 IST Reputation sullied over DDCA allegations: Arun Jaitley gets emotional in court Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST DDCA defamation: Ram Jethmalani to continue cross-examining Arun Jaitley Mar 07, 2017 10:25 IST IND 274 all out, AUS need 188: Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 2nd Test,... Mar 07, 2017 11:35 IST Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 2nd Test, Day 4: Josh Hazlewood takes 6/67,... Mar 07, 2017 11:37 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Sevilla FC held at Deportivo Alaves after mistake by goalkeeper Sergio Rico Mar 07, 2017 10:59 IST Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, 1st Test, Galle, Day 1: Live cricket score Mar 07, 2017 10:40 IST Reputation sullied over DDCA allegations: Arun Jaitley gets emotional in court Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST DDCA defamation: Ram Jethmalani to continue cross-examining Arun Jaitley Mar 07, 2017 10:25 IST Eden Hazard, Diego Costa scores as Chelsea FC ease past West Ham United Mar 07, 2017 09:15 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Don’t just freeze. Act, react and ‘kohni maar’ in self defense: Taapsee and Akshay Kumar Mar 07, 2017 11:30 IST November 8... Iravu Ettu Mani: Bharathiraja’s new film based on demonetisation ... Mar 07, 2017 11:18 IST Hello Priyanka! Foreign media fails to recognise Deepika Padukone yet again Mar 07, 2017 11:13 IST Thugs of Hindostan? Aamir Khan dons ‘thug’ look for magazine cover Mar 07, 2017 10:35 IST Vidya Balan rules in first poster of Begum Jaan Mar 07, 2017 11:13 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Training for marathon? Here’s all you need to know to boost your nutrition levels Mar 07, 2017 11:24 IST Meet the Class 10 student who developed a device to predict ‘silent’ heart atta... Mar 07, 2017 10:08 IST Think your marriage is perfect and unbreakable? Beware of these 11 bad habits Mar 07, 2017 08:48 IST Here’s how you can prevent, manage multiple sclerosis Mar 07, 2017 08:39 IST Early periods associated with 50% more risk of gestational diabetes: Research Mar 06, 2017 17:26 IST Google vows fix for ‘inappropriate’ search results Mar 07, 2017 11:35 IST Self-driving bus with no back-up driver nears California street Mar 07, 2017 11:14 IST Volkswagen showcases self-driving car ‘Sedric’ after diesel emissions scandal Mar 07, 2017 11:12 IST Google lawsuit against Uber cements end of uneasy marriage Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST Now a 32 GB variant of iPhone 6 is going cheaper than a 16 GB version on Amazon  Mar 06, 2017 16:20 IST Greyball: How Uber uses secret software to steer drivers away from trouble Mar 07, 2017 10:20 IST Want to track your sexual performance? It’s time to use this smart condom Mar 03, 2017 14:50 IST IISc listed among world’s best small universities Mar 07, 2017 08:26 IST Stephens to offer Political Science as DU adds new courses this academic year Mar 07, 2017 07:51 IST CBSE schools will have to declare complete fee structure on website Mar 07, 2017 06:59 IST SBI PO Prelims 2017: Here’s your guide to cracking the exam Mar 06, 2017 23:22 IST IIM Lucknow likely to increase fee for 2-year PG programme by 15% Mar 06, 2017 19:05 IST May the Holi festivities begin! Mar 07, 2017 08:57 IST After 29 years in service, INS Viraat decommissioned Mar 07, 2017 01:35 IST Jaipur’s own queer parade: ‘Gulabi’ adds colour to... Mar 06, 2017 15:21 IST INS Viraat through the ages Mar 06, 2017 09:05 IST Pictorial overview of UP elections Mar 05, 2017 14:50 IST Candlelight protest in Bengaluru against Kansas killing Mar 07, 2017 10:56 IST Akhilesh questions “Bahut ho gayi Mann ki Baat, kab karoge kaam ki baat” Mar 06, 2017 19:25 IST PM Modi pays tribute to Lal Bahadur Shastri at his memorial Mar 06, 2017 16:03 IST This 360 feet tricolour is so tall that it can be seen from Pakistan Mar 06, 2017 15:14 IST 17-year-old dies as Mercedes-Benz rams scooter Mar 06, 2017 12:13 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: Audials One 2017      40% OFF! Google Releases March Security Update for Nexus and Pixel Devices GO Factory images and OTA files have been published as well Mar 7, 2017 06:06 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  Google has just released the most recent security update for its Nexus and Pixel devices. March security update is now being pushed to compatible smartphones and tablets, but those who don't want to wait can manually flash the corresponding factory images. Moreover, Google has published the OTA files for the March security patch, so customers who own Nexus or Pixel devices can go ahead and download them. The following devices have had their factory images and OTA files released so that you can update to March security patch: Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Pixel C, Nexus 9, and Nexus 6. As you've probably noticed, the Nexus Player has been left out from the initial rollout of March security patch. In order to learn more about this maintenance update, Google released a security bulletin that contains all the changes included in the March security patch. Just by scrolling through the list of bugs and issues that have been addressed in this update, we can confirm Google has fixed a massive amount of problems. Nexus 6P According to Google, the security bulletin has two security patch level strings, which supposed to allow Android partners more flexibility to quickly fix a subset of vulnerabilities that are similar across all Android devices. As mentioned, this particular update addresses an impressive number of security threats, so if you own any of the supported devices listed above, you should update immediately. Google's monthly security updates usually get release in the first week of the month. However, there are times that the search giant is not the first to push the update to Android devices. Naturally, that's not surprising because Google offers the security updates to all Android partners one month before the company releases it to Nexus and Pixel devices. Unfortunately, many smartphones will receive these updates much later than they should.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #March security patch#Google update#security update#Android update#Google Nexus subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Pixel and Pixel XL Phones Plagued by Random Bluetooth Disconnection Samsung Won't Release Android 7.0 Nougat to All S7 edge Units by the End of Q1 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Running Surprisingly Well on 7-Year Old Galaxy S1 WhatsApp Encryption Has a "Backdoor", Facebook Says It's "Expected Behavior" - Update Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1 Google Play Celebrates Five Years, Here Are the Most Downloaded Games and Apps Microsoft Brings Outlook on Apple’s MacBook Touch Bar Samsung Confirms Delay of Android Nougat Update to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones 2 photos    Nexus 6P New Android APKs Lyft APK: Updated March 7th, 09:30 GMT OverDrive APK: Updated March 7th, 09:23 GMT Boxcryptor APK: Updated March 7th, 09:19 GMT Happify APK: Updated March 7th, 09:15 GMT SecondScreen APK: Updated March 7th, 08:29 GMT NHL APK: Updated March 7th, 08:14 GMT Wire APK: Updated March 7th, 08:12 GMT Reader comments Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones more on: Google i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Mobile World > Mobile Apps FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Google Play Celebrates Five Years, Here Are the Most Downloaded Games and Apps GO Google reveals top 5 US lists to celebrate turning 5 Mar 7, 2017 05:40 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  Google has just announced its digital distribution platform, Google Play Store is turning 5. Since its launch back in March 2012, the store grew to more than 1 billion active users spread across no less than 190 countries. Furthermore, Google Play Store is now home of more than 40 million songs, 5 million books, and many more apps and movies. Not to mention that Google's Play Store is one of the most important distribution platforms for devs and their audiences. To celebrate the 5th birthday of Google Play Store, the search giant unveiled the top 5 most popular books, games, apps, songs, albums and films in the United States since the store was launched five years ago. Starting with games, it appears that Candy Crush Saga remains the undisputed leader in the mobile gaming industry. King's title is closely followed by two other smash hits of the same genre, the endless runners Subway Surfers and Temple Run 2. Next in line, there's Despicable Me and Clash of Clans. It's a bit of a surprise that Supercell's game Clash of Clans only in five spot, but it looks like Americans don't like it that much. Facebook and Facebook Messenger are the first two listed in the top 5 most popular apps in the United States. They are followed by Pandora Radio, Instagram and Snapchat. Pre-installed apps on Android devices haven't been taken into consideration It's worth mentioning that none of the lists of downloaded apps does not contain pre-installed apps on Android smartphones and tablets. The top selling songs list contains names like Ed Sheeran, Lorde, Taylor Swift, Mark Ronson, and Pharrell Williams. Adele's “25” album is the most downloaded in United States, but here are the next albums preferred by customers in the U.S.: The Marshal Mather LP2 (Eminem), 1989 (Taylor Swift), If You're Reading This It's Too Late (Drake), and To Pimp A Butterfly (Kendrick Lamar). The Interview, Frozen, Deadpook, Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and Guardians of the Galaxy are the top five selling movies in the Google Play Store. Lastly, Google revealed the top selling books since the digital store was launched five years ago, here they are: Fifty Shades of Grey, The Hunter Games trilogy, A Game of Thrones, The Fault in Our Stars, and Gone Girl. #Google Play Store#most popular game#most downloaded app#Android game#Android app subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Gmail for Android Updated with Support for Exchange Tasks Google Opens Up Gboard and Google Play Services Beta Programs to Everyone Google Assistant Starts Arriving on Eligible Nougat and Marshmallow Devices Google Announces Playable Ads for Android Games and Play Store Updates Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones AMD Rolls Out Its New Crimson ReLive Graphics Driver - Get Version 17.3.1 Google Play Celebrates Five Years, Here Are the Most Downloaded Games and Apps Microsoft Brings Outlook on Apple’s MacBook Touch Bar Samsung Confirms Delay of Android Nougat Update to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge Third-Party Windows Updates Kind of Risky, Security Expert Says Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones    Google Play Store New Android APKs Lyft APK: Updated March 7th, 09:30 GMT OverDrive APK: Updated March 7th, 09:23 GMT Boxcryptor APK: Updated March 7th, 09:19 GMT Happify APK: Updated March 7th, 09:15 GMT SecondScreen APK: Updated March 7th, 08:29 GMT NHL APK: Updated March 7th, 08:14 GMT Wire APK: Updated March 7th, 08:12 GMT Reader comments Google May Ditch 3.5mm Headphone Jacks on Next Pixel Phones more on: Google i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search gadgets Google joins Facebook in fake news cycle with algorithm delivering false facts March 7, 20174:01pm Video Image Facebook Eyes Artificial Intelligence for Spotting Fake News1:23 Facebook says its artificial intelligence know-how could eventually be a key to stamping out the fake news that critics say has infused the social media network. WSJ's Lee Hawkins explains. December 3rd 2016 3 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/Technology/ Google’s smart Home speaker is guilt of telling some dumb things. Rod ChesterNews Corp Australia Network BARACK Obama is planning a coup, fluoride is dulling my IQ and five US Presidents were members of the Ku Klux Klan — well, that’s if you believe the “facts” that Google delivers. The search engine giant has joined Facebook as being a deliverer of fake news, thanks to the reliance of an algorithm which looks for popular results rather than true results. Generally, Google escapes a lot of the bad press that other tech giants, quite fairly, cop. Twitter is a place where nameless trolls say inexecutable things while Facebook is the place where ignorant people share their ignorant views in a way that is unreasonably popular. Just ask US President Donald Trump. But now it’s Google’s term to cop some flak and it’s because the search engine, rather than just deliver results, also seeks to return what Danny Sullivan of Search Engine Land calls the “one true answer”. The reason Google is now a spreader of lies and falsehood comes down to the realisation that we Google things we want an answer to. TRUMP’S LEGACY: Australian truthers spread message MORE: Facebook to address fake news crisis Google Inc. headquarters in Mountain View, California. Picture: APSource:News Limited Want to know “when did World War II” end, you type it into Google. And rather than just get a link to dozens of websites, we also get a box at the top of the screen with the dates of World War II. You have a question and now you have an answer. This way of delivering a fact is called a “featured snippet”. It’s been a feature that Google has delivered since 2014 and, generally, people have been happy. But they’re not happy now because Google’s one true answer, in some cases, is total rubbish. The problem is particularly highlighted with the Google Home speaker, the smart speaker that in some cases has been delivering dumb answers. Several people have shared videos on YouTube and Twitter of asking Google Home the question: Is Obama planning a coup? The real answer would be something like “naw mate, he’s living the good life and glad to be doing so”. The answer, according to Google, is yep — he’s in league with the Chinese. Likewise, according to Google Home, there have been five US presidents who were members of the Ku Klux Klan. Nope, according to more reliable sources, there is no evidence that any US presidents were members of the Klan although some were racists. (Eight US presidents, including George Washington, owned slaves.) You can keep going down this rabbit hole of misinformation that is not all right-wing conspiracies. According to Google snippets, Obama’s birth certificate is forged, Donald Trump is paranoid and mentally ill and “republicans = Nazis”. And here's what happens if you ask Google Home "is Obama planning a coup?" pic.twitter.com/MzmZqGOOal— Rory Cellan-Jones (@ruskin147) March 5, 2017 Google Home: "Yes, republicans = nazis" pic.twitter.com/7HVQjyjbEq— Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) March 5, 2017 One more. As best I can tell, no US presidents were in the KKK yet Google lists five of them. pic.twitter.com/TQJ0Zov2eT— Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) March 5, 2017 Not all of the false answers are political. There is medical misinformation, including the claim that fluoride will lower your IQ, and it took God six days to create the Earth. Google has issued a statement blaming the misinformation on the algorithm and says people can click on a feedback button on each boxed fact to report it as incorrect. The problem Google faces in all of this is the amount of misinformation out there. The “facts” that it delivers comes from the top ten results for each query. Arguably, Google is the messenger and someone else has created the falsehood and spread it. Sullivan crunched the numbers to work out how Google might fix it. It could, for instance, assign a person to check each fact. But given Google processes 5 billion queries a day and about 15 per cent of them have featured snippets, that would require someone to check nearly 1 billion facts a day. Or it could drop the feature altogether, but the problem in the age of Apple Siri, Amazon’s Alexa and Google Home, is that people are now used to asking a device a question and expecting an answer. Other solutions would be to more obviously source the fact, so that it’s clear that it comes from something that is an unreliable source. Or only deliver snippets if they come from a list of vetted sites — but even that is problematic. Here is the one real answer. Don’t believe everything you hear — even if the person talking is a smart speaker with artificial intelligence. They’ll say anything. Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in technology 278Readers Manly Ferry: Pictures capture Sydney Harbour service crashin... 120Readers The ‘Plug-in House’ costs $13,000 and takes one tool to buil... 100Readers ‘It looks like a pissed-off toaster’ 68Readers The Apple Store idea Steve Jobs hated 60Readers Sea turtle ‘Bank’ has 915 coins surgically removed from stom... MORE IN Gadgets Aussie apps that’ll change your life How 5G is coming to Australia Best new phones and gadgets FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11). Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases IWD 2017 On March 8 Radio Australia is recognising the achievements of women for International Women's Day #IWDABC Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Google Home caught reading out fake news in response to question on Obama 'coup' Google Home caught reading out fake news in response to question on Obama 'coup' Print Share this story Google Home caught reading out fake news in response to question on Obama 'coup' Updated 7 March 2017, 17:35 AEDT By Angela Lavoipierre Google apologises after its Google Home device was caught reading out fake news items to certain questions, and presenting them as the correct answer. Google Home uses Snippets, an algorithm that selects an answer to a search question and frames it as truth. (Credit: ABC licensed)  Google has apologised after its Google Home device was caught reading out fake news items to certain questions, and presenting them as the correct answer. Google said it was working on the problem, but only on a case by case basis. Over the weekend owners of the Google Home voice-activated speaker noticed that when they asked it whether Barack Obama was planning a coup, its answer was not quite what they expected. "According to details exposed in the Western Centre for Journalism's exclusive video, not only could Obama be in bed with the Communist Chinese …" the Google Home device was caught saying. The device went on to say that "Obama may be funding a communist …" but at that point struggled with the pronunciation of "coup d'etat". Google Home takes its answers from another Google feature called "Snippets". Using an algorithm, Snippets responds to questions entered into its search engine and selects one answer to put above the others in a breakout box. The problem, according to David Rowe, Professor of cultural research at the University of Western Sydney, was that the featured Snippet was sometimes wrong. "It was designed to draw the eye to it — it's the first answer, it's in a breakout box, it has all the markers of authority," he said. "But it may be fake." Professor Rowe said one solution would be for Google to make the process less automated. "As it's been suggested, it can actually use humans to exercise some judgement here rather than its machines," he said. "That of course is a question for Google, because it likes to minimise the amount of human intervention in this on the grounds of speed and cost." Google issued a statement to say that it was working on the problem. "When we are alerted to a Featured Snippet that violates our policies, we work quickly to remove them, which we have done in this instance. "We apologise for any offence this may have caused." Educating children to spot fake news 'key' Professor Rowe said although some of the fake answers might seem obviously wrong, it was not safe to assume that everyone would have that response. "Both adults and children have a lot of faith in search engines, but children have even more," he said. "They have less life experience to kind of check the answer again, and they have a more naive faith on the whole in technology." Peter Fray, professor of journalism at the University of Technology Sydney, said people needed to taught as early as primary school how to spot fake news. "We need to teach students how to understand how news is created, understand the difference between the fact and fake," he said. "Give them if you like the lexicon in the dictionary to understand journalism, give them some of the building blocks around truth." Topics: Australia Company News Computers and Technology Journalism Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories North Korea and Malaysia in tit-for-tat travel ban on citizens over Kim Jong-nam murder Donald Trump signs new US travel ban executive order removing Iraq from list Syrian children in permanent state of stress, fear, nervousness, anxiety: report Obamacare: US House Republicans unveil bill to repeal Affordable Care Act Julie Bishop slaps down reports of joint patrols with Indonesia in South China Sea Dead babies found in sewer of ex-home for unwed mothers may prompt Ireland to widen inquiry More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 07, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Google lawsuit against Uber cements end of uneasy marriage tech Updated: Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST Reuters, San Francisco Anthony Levandowski, a former Google engineer and co-founder of the self-driving truck company Otto. Levandowski is now vice president of Uber’s self-driving car project and at the centre of a lawsuit alleging the theft of trade secrets brought against Uber by Waymo, an autonomous car business owned by Google’s corporate parent. (NYT File Photo) When Uber Technologies Inc was raising venture capital in 2013, it was one of the hottest deals around – and no one was more eager to write a check than Bill Maris and David Krane of Google’s venture capital arm. Not everyone at Google Ventures, since renamed GV, agreed. The firm already had an investment in a competitor, Sidecar, and Uber was demanding what then looked like a sky-high valuation. Maris and Krane prevailed, and the deal is now regarded as GV’s greatest success. On paper, the firm’s initial 2013 investment of $258 million gained about 14 times its value over the next three years to more than $3.5 billion. But now Alphabet Inc, Google’s corporate parent, is suing Uber for theft of trade secrets, alleging that one of the top engineers in its self-driving car program decamped with thousands of confidential files, including designs that helped him start self-driving truck company Otto and then quickly sell it to Uber. Uber denies those claims. The lawsuit, filed by Alphabet’s self-driving car unit Waymo, has jolted the fast-growing and highly competitive industry that has sprung up around autonomous vehicles and ride services, which are seen as the future of private road transport. Yet the confrontation was a long time in the making: the complex relationship between the companies was tense from the start, according to people familiar with the situation, and soured further as they increasingly competed with each other. Now, if the Waymo suit damages Uber, GV’s investment in the ride-hailing company stands to go down as a Silicon Valley rarity: a large funding deal undermined by the firm’s own investors. “Whatever Waymo gains, Google Ventures loses,” said Stephen Diamond, associate professor of law at Santa Clara University. The lawsuit is just one in a series of recent public setbacks for Uber, including allegations of sexual harassment that prompted an internal investigation, a video of Chief Executive Travis Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver that led him to make a public apology, and Uber’s admission on Friday that it used a secret tracking tool to avoid authorities. “We have reviewed Waymo’s claims and determined them to be a baseless attempt to slow down a competitor and we look forward to vigorously defending against them in court,” Uber said in a statement in response to the lawsuit. “In the meantime, we will continue our hard work to bring self-driving benefits to the world.” A spokeswoman for GV declined to comment. Deal at any cost Uber was more than just another investment for then-fledgling Google Ventures, which needed a high-profile deal to put it on the map. Maris and Krane were early Uber fans, but it took about two years for the pair to connect with Kalanick. When Uber investor Benchmark finally brokered a meeting in May 2013, the Google Ventures partners were determined to do a deal at virtually any cost, according to two sources close to the transaction. With other would-be investors waiting in adjacent conference rooms at Uber’s San Francisco offices, Maris and Krane made their pitch to invest. Kalanick pushed for a higher valuation, without a board seat; Google Ventures pushed back, asking for a board observer seat and a liquidation preference for protection if Uber was sold at a loss, one of the sources said. They finally came to terms, with a $3.5 billion valuation, and there were signs that a broader alliance could be in the offing. Separately, David Drummond, Google’s senior vice president of corporate development, had a social relationship with Kalanick, and he joined the board. A ride in a self-driving car and a meeting with Google CEO Larry Page, recounted in Brad Stone’s recent book “The Upstarts,” seemed to bode well for the relationship. But conflicts emerged immediately. Kalanick, a tough negotiator, wanted a discount on the software tools behind Google Maps, the company’s ubiquitous mapping software, according to a person close to the transaction. The best Google Ventures could offer was close contact between Uber and Google’s mapping team, the person said. Kalanick also wanted Uber to be featured prominently in Google Maps, eventually giving customers a way to hail an Uber ride directly from Maps, and Google agreed, a source close to Uber said. But Uber felt Google dragged its heels on the integration and found the initial rollout disappointing, the source said. The friction only grew as Uber turned its attention to autonomous driving, an area where Google had already established an early lead. Uber announced its intentions in typically abrupt style in early 2015, poaching 40 faculty and researchers from Carnegie Mellon University to set up a self-driving lab in Pennsylvania. It bought mapping software firm deCarta and began investing heavily in its own mapping systems. Meanwhile, Google launched an on-demand delivery service, a market Uber is also chasing, and began offering a carpooling service through driving app Waze, which it acquired in 2013. The carpooling feature in particular rankled Uber, a source close to the company said. “Things escalated from frenemy to now enemy quite quickly,” said Anand Sanwal, CEO and co-founder of venture capital research firm CB Insights.The tension bubbled to the surface last August, when Drummond stepped down from Uber’s board. Uber declined comment on any of its dealings with Google and did not make Kalanick available for an interview. Read more Greyball: How Uber uses secret software to steer drivers away from trouble CEO Travis Kalanick caught on video arguing with his Uber driver Undermined by its own investors? Uber’s aggressive culture was the subject of many conversations at Google Ventures, a source close to the transaction said. Hoping to influence the startup, the venture firm at first encouraged a flow of talent from Google to Uber. Yet that too ultimately created problems. Anthony Levandowski, a key engineering manager at the self-driving car unit, now called Waymo, began to talk openly about leaving the company as the autonomous vehicle field blossomed, according to Alphabet’s lawsuit. In January 2016, Levandowski and some colleagues quit Alphabet to form the self-driving truck start-up Otto, which Uber acquired later that year for $680 million. Alphabet claims in its lawsuit that Levandowski had been in touch with Uber even before he left Alphabet. In the lawsuit, Alphabet alleges Levandowski downloaded 14,000 proprietary design documents and used them to create Otto’s - and later Uber’s - version of a key autonomous vehicle technology called Lidar, which uses light pulses reflected off objects to gauge their position. Uber and Levandowski deny the allegations. The high-stakes legal showdown over whether vital information was transferred between the two companies is perhaps the logical conclusion of their opaque relationship. All along, Uber remained mysterious to its Google Ventures investors. Kalanick was adamant from the start that he would share little information, and try as it might, Google Ventures could not gain better visibility over time, two sources said. If anything, Kalanick grew more tight-lipped as his business matured. “It was one of the few companies where we sat there and said, ‘Hope it goes well,’“ one of the sources said. tags Google Alphabet Waymo Uber Travis Kalanick more from tech Now a 32 GB variant of iPhone 6 is going cheaper than a 16 GB version on Amazon  Mar 06, 2017 16:20 IST Greyball: How Uber uses secret software to steer drivers away from trouble Mar 07, 2017 10:20 IST It’s time to be a sport, India Partnered feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Reputation sullied over DDCA allegations: Arun Jaitley gets emotional in court Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST Indian fisherman shot dead by Sri Lankan navy, protests erupt in Rameswaram Mar 07, 2017 10:19 IST DDCA defamation: Ram Jethmalani to continue cross-examining Arun Jaitley Mar 07, 2017 10:25 IST Kerala: In BJP-RSS vs CPM clashes, roughly equal number of deaths on both sides Mar 07, 2017 09:42 IST SpiceJet to reserve single row seats for solo women passengers Mar 07, 2017 09:21 IST Got justice but will we get back jobs, ask 3 men framed by ‘Sonepat bravehearts’ Mar 07, 2017 08:32 IST While you were away: Top 10 stories to bring you up to date Mar 07, 2017 07:53 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur know your candidates UP elections: Sunwai, vishwas, izzat - the 3 threads in the last leg Mar 07, 2017 09:50 IST Twin villages in Uttar Pradesh adopted by PM Modi seek more attention Mar 07, 2017 07:10 IST Rahul emerges as solitary campaigner for Congress in UP Mar 07, 2017 00:51 IST Month-long election battle in 5 states draws to close as campaigning ends in Uttar... Mar 07, 2017 00:49 IST UP elections: EC seeks Akhilesh Yadav’s reply over poll code violation Mar 06, 2017 20:56 IST Suspected extremists kill at least 5 gendarmes in Niger Mar 07, 2017 10:15 IST Trump cabinet member Ben Carson says slaves were ‘immigrants’ Mar 07, 2017 10:12 IST US considering splitting immigrant children from parents Mar 07, 2017 10:03 IST Sikh man shot in the US is ‘getting back to normal,’ heartened by support Mar 07, 2017 10:03 IST Park Service photos challenge Trump on inauguration Mar 07, 2017 10:00 IST Donald Trump offers Planned Parenthood funds if it halts abortions Mar 07, 2017 09:46 IST New Israeli law bars entry to foreigners supporting Israel boycott Mar 07, 2017 09:41 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Mercedes hit-and-run: Logo, broken grill only evidence in hunt for killer car, driver Mar 07, 2017 10:13 IST Mumbai youth falls from seventh floor of building while using mobile phone Mar 07, 2017 09:45 IST Sheena Bora murder case: Peter Mukerjea challenges CBI court’s decision in Bombay... Mar 07, 2017 09:16 IST Development Plan 2034: Aarey Colony a green zone, but Mumbai Metro car shed, zoo... Mar 07, 2017 09:08 IST Development Plan 2034 gives boost to Mumbai’s eastern waterfront revamp Mar 07, 2017 09:05 IST Delhi Police returning 72 stolen phones after tracking down owners Mar 07, 2017 08:36 IST Iraqi war veterans head to India for low-cost treatment Mar 07, 2017 07:48 IST Open-air restaurants in Gurgaon can now serve liquor Mar 07, 2017 07:31 IST Stephens to offer Political Science as DU adds new courses this academic year Mar 07, 2017 07:51 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Why the State is wrong in linking Aadhaar to the mid-day meal scheme Mar 06, 2017 22:13 IST On his visit to Israel, it’s time Modi separates the diplomatic hyphen Mar 06, 2017 22:13 IST UP elections: Akhilesh, Modi and Mayawati are the only ones who matter Mar 06, 2017 13:15 IST Thank god, campaigning for the assembly elections is over Mar 07, 2017 01:09 IST US will have to scrap plans to lead clean tech if it exits Paris climate deal Mar 06, 2017 15:02 IST Reputation sullied over DDCA allegations: Arun Jaitley gets emotional in court Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST DDCA defamation: Ram Jethmalani to continue cross-examining Arun Jaitley Mar 07, 2017 10:25 IST IND 238/6, lead by 151: Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 2nd Test, Day 4,... Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 2nd Test, Day 4: Pujara eyes ton, Starc... Mar 07, 2017 10:23 IST After successful PSL final, Pakistan to host T20 series against World XI Mar 06, 2017 22:53 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Reputation sullied over DDCA allegations: Arun Jaitley gets emotional in court Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST DDCA defamation: Ram Jethmalani to continue cross-examining Arun Jaitley Mar 07, 2017 10:25 IST Eden Hazard, Diego Costa scores as Chelsea FC ease past West Ham United Mar 07, 2017 09:15 IST IND 238/6, lead by 151: Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 2nd Test, Day 4,... Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 2nd Test, Day 4: Pujara eyes ton, Starc... Mar 07, 2017 10:23 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Vidya Balan rules in first poster of Begum Jaan Mar 07, 2017 10:21 IST Big Little Lies review: HBO, Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman will make you an ... Mar 07, 2017 10:01 IST Independent producers backing brave plots, but censor puts them under scanner: Swara... Mar 07, 2017 09:53 IST Hugh Jackman on scars from his Wolverine claws: Got pretty close to sensitive a... Mar 07, 2017 09:49 IST Vishal vs Kabali maker Thanu: Mud-slinging at Tamil producers’ council polls Mar 07, 2017 09:40 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Meet the Class 10 student who developed a device to predict ‘silent’ heart attacks Mar 07, 2017 10:08 IST Think your marriage is perfect and unbreakable? Beware of these 11 bad habits Mar 07, 2017 08:48 IST Here’s how you can prevent, manage multiple sclerosis Mar 07, 2017 08:39 IST Early periods associated with 50% more risk of gestational diabetes: Research Mar 06, 2017 17:26 IST Want a good night’s sleep? Get rid of your tracking device Mar 06, 2017 17:12 IST Google lawsuit against Uber cements end of uneasy marriage Mar 07, 2017 10:22 IST Now a 32 GB variant of iPhone 6 is going cheaper than a 16 GB version on Amazon  Mar 06, 2017 16:20 IST Greyball: How Uber uses secret software to steer drivers away from trouble Mar 07, 2017 10:20 IST Mercedes recalls one million vehicles worldwide due to overheating, fire risk Mar 03, 2017 22:45 IST Want to track your sexual performance? It’s time to use this smart condom Mar 03, 2017 14:50 IST Chinese phone makers: The invisible hands behind the Nokia 3310, Blackberry rev... Mar 03, 2017 11:27 IST Big leap for Snap as messaging app debuts on Wall Street Mar 03, 2017 16:37 IST IISc listed among world’s best small universities Mar 07, 2017 08:26 IST Stephens to offer Political Science as DU adds new courses this academic year Mar 07, 2017 07:51 IST CBSE schools will have to declare complete fee structure on website Mar 07, 2017 06:59 IST SBI PO Prelims 2017: Here’s your guide to cracking the exam Mar 06, 2017 23:22 IST IIM Lucknow likely to increase fee for 2-year PG programme by 15% Mar 06, 2017 19:05 IST May the Holi festivities begin! Mar 07, 2017 08:57 IST After 29 years in service, INS Viraat decommissioned Mar 07, 2017 01:35 IST Jaipur’s own queer parade: ‘Gulabi’ adds colour to... Mar 06, 2017 15:21 IST INS Viraat through the ages Mar 06, 2017 09:05 IST Pictorial overview of UP elections Mar 05, 2017 14:50 IST Akhilesh questions “Bahut ho gayi Mann ki Baat, kab karoge kaam ki baat” Mar 06, 2017 19:25 IST PM Modi pays tribute to Lal Bahadur Shastri at his memorial Mar 06, 2017 16:03 IST This 360 feet tricolour is so tall that it can be seen from Pakistan Mar 06, 2017 15:14 IST 17-year-old dies as Mercedes-Benz rams scooter Mar 06, 2017 12:13 IST PM Modi offers prayers at Kashi Vishwanath Temple Mar 04, 2017 15:29 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.07 -0.05%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -1/32 yield 2.505%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.32 0.23%   Euro ▲ 1.0577 -0.05%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In GM’s Opel Exit Is Rare No-Confidence Vote in European Market Samsung Scandal Deepens as Prosecutors Detail Allegations Exxon’s $20 Billion Spending Plan Points to U.S. Energy Surge RadioShack to Seek Bankruptcy Protection, Again IBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence Facebook Wasn’t Ready for Video’s Dark Side CSX Agrees to Hire Hunter Harrison as CEO Kenyan Tea, a Reliable Export, Brews a Market at Home Chobani Hires Nestlé Executive as Operations Chief Argentina to Allow First Budget Airline to Begin Flying in Country Amazon’s View of the Cloud https://www.wsj.com/articles/googles-diane-green-on-the-rush-to-the-cloud-1488855964 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Journal Reports: Leadership Google’s Diane Green on the Rush to the Cloud The head of Google’s cloud-computing division explains what companies can gain by migrating their data Diane Greene talks about how emerging cloud technologies can change business operations. Updated March 6, 2017 10:34 p.m. ET 2 COMMENTS Cloud computing is a rapidly growing business in which technology firms rent time on their massive networks of computers to other companies. Among the tech giants seeking to stake a claim to this market is Alphabet Inc.’s Google unit, which in 2015 tapped Silicon Valley entrepreneur Diane Greene to run its cloud division and help it catch up with competitors like Amazon.com Inc. Ms. Greene sat down with Steven Rosenbush, the editor of CIO Journal, to discuss how the shift to cloud computing is changing business. Edited excerpts follow. Journal Report Read more at WSJ.com/LeadershipReport More in CIO Network How AI Will Change Everything What Tech Employees Want Three VCs on What’s Next in Technology Tech Concerns and the Trump Administration Why Digital Transformations Are Hard MR. ROSENBUSH: Tell us about Google Cloud. What is it and why is it different? MS. GREENE: At the very highest level, Google Cloud is the opportunity for Google to take its technology and make it easy to use and bring it to every company in the world. Google has been a cloud company from day one, so it’s our data centers. It’s our network, all that fiber under the ocean. It’s the infrastructure that powers Google’s seven applications that have over one billion active users. And then, it is the data management, the data analysis. That includes many of those really cutting-edge tools that Google invented. It’s also the machine learning, [which enables computers to make inferences based on data they previously analyzed]. It’s the APIs, [which specify how software components should interact] in front of smart data, and then finally the built-for-the-cloud integrated productivity and collaboration. MR. ROSENBUSH: What are the elements of these emerging technologies? What characterizes them? MS. GREENE: With the cloud, people can put all of this data together. They can join it with other data that isn’t theirs, like Google Maps data. And then you have APIs, or this ability to just take some functionality, put it in a container, and it will be secure. It will be available. It will be scalable. People can just focus on making use of their data in real time, using other people’s data combined with their data in real time, and focus on what their business does. MR. ROSENBUSH: It seems that the development of the cloud has accelerated. Yet 94% to 95% of all corporate data still resides in private data centers. Why is that? MS. GREENE: This is happening unimaginably fast, this movement to the cloud. In the past six months, I’ve gone from talking to people about putting their new work loads and maybe looking at analyzing their data and doing some machine learning to people saying, “I just want to get out of my data center. I just want to lift and shift it whole hog.” And so obviously people built out their own internal private clouds for a long time and as you say, it’s such a massive paradigm shift that, of course, all the data is still internal. But there are very, very few companies in the world that aren’t looking at, “How am I going to get this moved over?” MR. ROSENBUSH: What are the points of resistance, both in technical terms and in business and competitive terms? MS. GREENE: The move to the cloud requires moving massive amounts of data, obviously. It also requires people for new development. They can take advantage of more agile, quick ways to build things that depend on someone else’s technology that they don’t have to maintain and keep up-to-date. And then you also have a lot of legacy applications, built with a different set of tools. So the challenges are finding ways to work in a hybrid way as you migrate and figuring out what to retool and what to just pick up and move. Competitive advantage MR. ROSENBUSH: Let’s say that I’m in Google Cloud and so is my competitor. Where do I find competitive advantage? MS. GREENE: What will happen is you will just focus completely on what your business does. Say you are an energy company and you want to optimize how you process whatever energy you’re producing. You will use machine learning in the cloud to do that. And the better you do that, the less expensively you’ll run. MR. ROSENBUSH: A few years ago, I interviewed Randy Mott, the chief information officer of General Motors. He was in the process of constructing a very sophisticated private cloud that was modeled on Google and Microsoft and Amazon and other companies. His point was, “I don’t want technology or software for companies that are like GM because there is only one GM. I need to have that in house.” What would you say to Randy? DIANE GREENE | ‘This is happening unimaginably fast, this movement to the cloud.’ Photo: Nikki Ritcher/Dow Jones MS. GREENE: I would say, “Randy, are you going to actually go build specialized chips for machine learning for GM? Do you do enough machine learning to pay for that? Are you going to have 700 people securing your network?” MR. ROSENBUSH: He said that he was hiring 10,000 people, most of them software developers. Is that enough scale? MS. GREENE: So those are people that aren’t building cars. He’s sophisticated and I’m sure he can build a very good cloud, but he has to compete with people that aren’t putting their resources into that. Write to reports@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (2) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Internet Internet News Google Vows Fix for 'Inappropriate' Featured Snippet Search Results on Google Home  Agence France-Presse, 07 March 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Google said Monday it was working to fix a search algorithm glitch that produced "inappropriate and misleading" results from its search engine and connected speaker. The Internet giant reacted after a blog post highlighted unsubstantiated search results indicating former president Barack Obama was planning a "coup d'etat' and that four former US presidents were members of the Ku Klux Klan. The weekend post from Search Engine Land editor Danny Sullivan found Google delivered "terribly wrong" answers to some queries in its "one true answer" box at the top of search results and in queries to its Google Home speaker. "The problematic examples I review don't appear to have been deliberate attempts," Sullivan wrote. "Rather, they seem to be the result of Google's algorithms and machine learning making bad selections." Sullivan said when he asked the speaker if US Republicans were the same as Nazis, it answered in the affirmative. Similarly, he cited an example in which Google's search engine listed four former US presidents as "active and known" KKK members, even though there has been no conclusive historical evidence supporting that. The news comes amid a growing controversy over "fake news" circulating online via Google or Facebook, and efforts by the Internet giants to weed out hoaxes and misinformation. In a statement to AFP, Google said its boxed results at the top of a search query, known as "featured snippets," are based on an algorithmic formula. "Unfortunately, there are instances when we feature a site with inappropriate or misleading content," Google's statement said. "When we are alerted to a featured snippet that violates our policies, we work quickly to remove them, which we have done in this instance. We apologize for any offense this may have caused." Google also noted it includes a "feedback" link under these snippets that can allow the search giant to flag or remove inappropriate content. Google said Monday it was working to fix a search algorithm glitch that produced "inappropriate and misleading" results from its search engine and connected speaker. The Internet giant reacted after a blog post highlighted unsubstantiated search results indicating former president Barack Obama was planning a "coup d'etat' and that four former US presidents were members of the Ku Klux Klan. The weekend post from Search Engine Land editor Danny Sullivan found Google delivered "terribly wrong" answers to some queries in its "one true answer" box at the top of search results and in queries to its Google Home speaker. "The problematic examples I review don't appear to have been deliberate attempts," Sullivan wrote. "Rather, they seem to be the result of Google's algorithms and machine learning making bad selections." Sullivan said when he asked the speaker if US Republicans were the same as Nazis, it answered in the affirmative. Similarly, he cited an example in which Google's search engine listed four former US presidents as "active and known" KKK members, even though there has been no conclusive historical evidence supporting that. The news comes amid a growing controversy over "fake news" circulating online via Google or Facebook, and efforts by the Internet giants to weed out hoaxes and misinformation. In a statement to AFP, Google said its boxed results at the top of a search query, known as "featured snippets," are based on an algorithmic formula. "Unfortunately, there are instances when we feature a site with inappropriate or misleading content," Google's statement said. "When we are alerted to a featured snippet that violates our policies, we work quickly to remove them, which we have done in this instance. We apologize for any offense this may have caused." Google also noted it includes a "feedback" link under these snippets that can allow the search giant to flag or remove inappropriate content. Tags: Google, Google Home, Internet, Fake News, Barack Obama Google, Coursera to Offer Cloud Training Courses Google Vows Fix for 'Inappropriate' Featured Snippet Search Results on Google Home     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest iVoomi iV505 Swipe Elite Sense Intex Aqua Strong 5.1+ Panasonic Eluga Pulse X Panasonic Eluga Pulse Samsung Galaxy Xcover 4 Zopo Flash X Plus General Mobile GM 6 Xiaomi Redmi 4X Xiaomi Mi 5c ZTE Nubia N1 lite ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini Gionee A1 Alcatel U5 Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A3 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto M Oppo A57 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Honor 6X Gadgets 360 Hindi रिलायंस जियो नंबर को 31 मार्च से पहले या बाद में बंद करने का तरीका टेलीकॉम कंपनियों ने किया है अब 300 रुपये का धमाका आईफोन 7, आईफोन 7 प्लस पर 10,001 रुपये तक की छूट Latest Videos 02:43 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy A5, Galaxy A7 (2017) Launched, Nexflix on Set-Top Boxes, and More 01:41 'Notes Ban Did Impact Small Businesses': MobiKwik CEO To NDTV 03:55 Nintendo Switch, Legend of Zelda, Ghost Recon Wildlands, and Other Games Coming in March 2017 06:06 PS4, PS4 Slim, or PS4 Pro: Which PlayStation 4 is Right for You? 02:02 360 Daily: Reliance Jio's Buy One Get One Offer, Google Pixel 2 Releasing This Year, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe Streaming Devices Still Leave a Lot to Be Desired Kunal Dua Nokia 3310: What's in a Name? As It Turns Out, Everything Rohan Naravane Why Apple Is the Only Manufacturer That Actually Has a 'Flagship' Phone Advertisement Recent Google Increases Reward Amounts for Researchers Reporting Critical Bugs China's iVoomi Comes to India With 4G VoLTE Smartphone Nexus, Pixel Devices Start Receiving March Android Security Update 6GB of RAM Not Really Required in Smartphones, Says Huawei Executive Nokia 3310 Gold, Titanium Variant Costs More Than Rs. 1 Lakh WD My Cloud Devices Reportedly Vulnerable to Remote Attacks Nintendo Switch Breaks Sales Records in the Americas Lenovo K6 Power Available With Discount, Exchange Offer on Flipkart Reliance Cap Sells Paytm Stake to Alibaba at Over $4 Billion Valuation Snapdeal's Vulcan Logistics Network to Expand to 80 Major Cities More News TRENDING Reliance Jio Free Services End March 31. Opting Out vs. Staying In iPhone 6 32GB Space Grey Variant Goes on Sale in India via Amazon Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea: The ‘Unlimited Data’ Offers Samsung Galaxy S8 Leaked in New Images, Show the Flagship From All Angles Reliance Jio Prime vs Non-Prime Plans: What the Customer Gets iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Available With Discounts on Amazon India Nokia 3310 Gold, Titanium Variant Costs More Than Rs. 1 Lakh Netflix Comes to Set-Top Boxes in India Uber and Its CEO Feel Mounting Pressure After Missteps Lenovo K6 Power Available With Discount, Exchange Offer on Flipkart Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
07March2017 iTWire Subscribe to Newsletter Sponsored Announcements Service Advertise Login Sign Up Home Sponsored Announcements Your Tech Entertainment Home Tech Wi-Fi Mobility Apps Internet of Things Business Networking Open Source Security Business Telecommunications Enterprise Solutions Print Solutions Hardware Storage & Cloud Storage Business Software Cloud Big Data Data Centres Colocation BYOD Outsourcing Accounting Software Business Intelligence Industry Deals Resellers Cloud Accounting Enterprise Cloud Virtualisation Development Telecoms & NBN Manufacturing Technology Web Hosting ICT Sustainability Strategy Listed Tech Market Application Performance CRM People Recruitment Consulting Training People Moves CIO Trends Enterprise Staff IT Contracting Government Government Tech Policy Technology Regulation Technology Tenders Local Government Science Energy Climate Health Biology Automotive Space Reviews Computers Entertainment Smartphone & Mobile Devices Software Networking Peripherals Games Vendors Cloud Computing Industrial IT Data Centre Optimisation Business Telecoms Business Intelligence Enterprise Profiler Cloud Services Recruitment Feature Gadgets Opinion Apexing the Linux learning curve ShrinkAge The Big House Fuzzy Logic Seeking Nerdvana Open Sauce A Meaningful Look Transit Business Intelligence Blog ShawThing Core Dump Whiskey Tango Foxtrot The Linux Distillery UNI-verse Radioactive IT Cornered! Beerfiles ICT Energy and Sustainability The Wired CIO C Level Jobs Events Skip to content Home − Sponsored Announcements Your Tech − Browse News − − Entertainment − − Home Tech − − Wi-Fi − − Mobility − − Apps − − Internet of Things Business − Browse News − − Networking − − Open Source − − Security − − Business Telecommunications − − Enterprise Solutions − − Print Solutions − − Hardware − − Storage & Cloud Storage − − Business Software − − Cloud − − Big Data − − Data Centres − − Colocation − − BYOD − − Outsourcing − − Accounting Software − − Business Intelligence − Latest News in Business IT Industry − Browse News − − Deals − − Resellers − − Cloud Accounting − − Enterprise Cloud − − Virtualisation − − Development − − Telecoms & NBN − − Manufacturing Technology − − Web Hosting − − ICT Sustainability − − Strategy − − Listed Tech − − Market − − Application Performance − − CRM − Latest Industry News People − Browse News − − Recruitment − − Consulting − − Training − − People Moves − − CIO Trends − − Enterprise Staff − − IT Contracting − Latest News Government − BROWSE NEWS − − Government Tech Policy − − Technology Regulation − − Technology Tenders − − Local Government − Latest Policy News Science − Browse News − − Energy − − Climate − − Health − − Biology − − Automotive − − Space − Latest Science News Reviews − Browse − − Computers − − Entertainment − − Smartphone & Mobile Devices − − Software − − Networking − − Peripherals − − Games − Latest Reviews Vendors − Browse − − Cloud Computing − − Industrial IT − − Data Centre Optimisation − − Business Telecoms − − Business Intelligence − − Enterprise − − Profiler − − Cloud Services − − Recruitment Feature − − Gadgets Opinion − Browse − − Apexing the Linux learning curve − − ShrinkAge − − The Big House − − Fuzzy Logic − − Seeking Nerdvana − − Open Sauce − − A Meaningful Look − − Transit − − Business Intelligence Blog − − ShawThing − Browse − − Core Dump − − Whiskey Tango Foxtrot − − The Linux Distillery − − UNI-verse − − Radioactive IT − − Cornered! − − Beerfiles − − ICT Energy and Sustainability − − The Wired CIO − − C Level Jobs Events Browse Home ShawThing Google Pixel 2 coming – bite me, says Oreo Skip to content Author's Opinion The views in this column are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of iTWire. Have your say and comment below. Google Pixel 2 coming – bite me, says Oreo 07 March 2017 Written by  Ray Shaw Published in ShawThing Twitter Google has confirmed that a Pixel 2 and XL model are in the pipeline for a September/October release and will be the first to run Android 8 – Oreo. At a roundtable discussion during Mobile World Congress, Rick Osterloh, Google’s senior vice-president of hardware, told Android Pit, “You can count on a successor this year, even if you don't hear a date from me now." Pixel lovers will be happy as Version 1.0 was very good, certainly in the top three handsets released in 2016 with a class leading camera – so it follows that version two will be even better. But in fine tradition do not expect a price cut as Osterloh also confirmed that “Pixel stays premium”. While the final form of the Pixel remains top secret, leaks have already been overflowing so here is what iTWire can reasonably confirm. First, let’s look back at the Pixel V1/XL. iTWire’s review in November 2016 stated “Good, but it could be great”. Its strong points included Pure Android with updates directly from Google (at the telco's mercy) and a great camera. But a few rough edges — no substantive IP rating, no microSD slot, and lack of user interface (customisation) — made it less than the device that could take on Samsung and others in the Android flagship market. Great hardware slightly let down by a lack of refinement in the software implementation. Typical forum comments were, “Never buy V 1.0 of anything”. I have regularly revisited the Pixel XL since and those rough edges that can be cured by firmware updates have been addressed. So, what do we need to see in V 2.0? The WOW factor Perhaps the biggest criticism of the Pixel was its lack of the WOW factor. The Pixel is a bland glass slab with thick antenna bands and rather thick bezels all around. To be fair, this format works best for its DayDream VR goggles so it is likely V2.0 will remain a similar shape and size. But ODM HTC has been perfecting new surface finishes and Google may go overboard with more “out-there” Google colours – it needs to stand out! Screen The Pixel XL 5.5”, 2560 x 1440, AMOLED screen is one of the better ones (along with the Samsung Galaxy S7) for VR. If Google increases the screen to body ratio it may see the Pixel go to 5.2” and the XL to 5.7” without a corresponding increase in body size. This won’t cause issues for VR. It is unlikely to adopt Samsung’s curvaceous Edge format but may increase the resolution given that the Snapdragon 835 processor can handle the power and resolution requirements. Audio Google’s twin downwards firing speakers may be fine for music but not for VR. It is likely that one will move back to the top for L+R stereo in VR use. Processor/RAM/Storage Pixel already uses the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 so it is highly likely to go to the new 835 which should have better availability later in the year. That raises an interesting point – Google designs and HTC makes the handset (which will continue) but its supply chain management was poor, resulting in shortages. Analysts say this was just as well, as these phones did not sell enough to meet anticipated factory orders. Android Oreo does not need more memory so the Pixel will stay with 4GB as a base, but the 32GB storage must increase – substantially. Google offered free, unlimited photo storage but that was not enough. Purists bemoaned the lack of microSD support so expect to see either 128GB as the base or 64GB and a micro-SD slot will return. Camera Pixel received the highest DXOMark of 89 in 2016 – one point up on the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and Sony Xperia X Performance. Since then Huawei’s Mate 9 (rated 85 but in many tests rated higher than the Pixel) and others have upped the ante – not to mention that the yet to be released Samsung S8 and iPhone 8 are focusing on the camera too. iTWire’s review stated, “Pixel is an amazing 12.3MP camera that is beaten in some circumstances by either higher MPs, better or faster lenses, or better camera apps. But set it to auto, and it is probably the best all-rounder.” There is a strong rumour that the camera placement will be moved to the centre and it's likely to follow the dual camera route. In all other respects, the large pixel sensor, lens, and software are very good so expect only minor improvements. IP rating Google missed the mark last time so count on IP68 this time. Summary While Samsung and Apple are fighting to innovate in their next editions, it is more likely Google will simply incrementally improve what was arguably one of the better Android flagships of 2016. Its tick-tock cycle! There is a rumour of a smaller, cheaper “B” model but it does not fit with Google’s philosophy. You see, Google, despite the size and scope of its parent company Alphabet, does not want to dominate in handset sales. It cannot afford to annoy its legion of handset makers, so what you will see is Pixel become a niche, reference style product for purists. As long as it sells enough to warrant Google’s ongoing involvement it will be happy. That is exactly where the maker of Android should be. HOW TOP MANAGERS MOTIVATE, ENERGISE EMPLOYEES Download an in-depth guide to managing a healthy, motivated and energetic workforce without breaking the bank. DOWNLOAD NOW! Tagged under Google Pixel Pixel 2 XL rumours Ray Shaw Ray Shaw Ray Shaw ray@im.com.au  has a passion for IT ever since building his first computer in 1980. He is a qualified journalist, hosted a consumer IT based radio program on ABC radio for 10 years, has developed world leading software for the events industry and is smart enough to no longer own a retail computer store! Latest from Ray Shaw Samsung VR helps chemotherapy patients Sonos PLAYBASE adds its sound pedigree to TV Aussie SMBs lose $6600 for each cyber attack Epson: Intellectual property is a base for the future Related items Samsung VR helps chemotherapy patients Sonos PLAYBASE adds its sound pedigree to TV Google snippets 'can be much worse than fake news' Aussie SMBs lose $6600 for each cyber attack More in this category: « Gone in 60 seconds – a missing notebook every minute Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. back to top Loading Follow Us    Username Password Secret Key Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account Latest News Sponsored News Empired 'exclusive' role in NEC consortium delivering services to WA Govt Government Tech Policy 07 March 2017 IT services provider Empired says it is playing an exclusive… KPMG partners on food industry research centre initiative Strategy 07 March 2017 Professional services firm KPMG Australia has been selected as one… Samsung VR helps chemotherapy patients Internet of Things 07 March 2017 START VR has developed a Samsung Gear VR-based virtual reality… Inabox buys Logic Communications in a $1.5 million deal Business Telecommunications 07 March 2017 Wholesale telecommunications and cloud services provider Inabox is to acquire… Sonos PLAYBASE adds its sound pedigree to TV Entertainment 07 March 2017 Sonos is as much a way of life as a… Channel Nine found guilty of TV code breaches Entertainment 07 March 2017 Channel Nine has been found guilty of breaching the Commercial… Unisys, CSIRO’s Data 61 collaborate on data analytics Data 07 March 2017 Unisys is collaborating with the CSIRO in the development of… Linux? Not on our hardware, say Microsoft and Lenovo Open Sauce 07 March 2017 Both Microsoft and Lenovo appear to be wary of having… Disgruntled AISA members force EGM on critical issues Security 07 March 2017 Member concerns over the performance of the board of the… Google snippets 'can be much worse than fake news' Data 07 March 2017 Google's featured snippets on search results, which appear right at… Women & Diversity in Data The lack of diversity in data and analytics roles is… Gartner again positions Yellowfin in Magic Quadrant for Business Intelligence and Analytics Platforms For the fourth consecutive year, Business Intelligence vendor Yellowfin places… Carbon Black only vendor to secure perfect prevention score in NSS Labs’ advanced endpoint protection - test stopped all attacks Carbon Black, a leader in next-generation endpoint security, has announced… Want to Develop a Cross-platform App? Read This First! Developing a cross-platform application is now one of the preferred… Data storage lifespans: how long will media really last? By Marina Brook, Managing Director APAC, StorageCraft The sad truth… ‘Realising business value’ from IT a key for leading IT executive Sean Elwick, St Vincent's Health group IT Director of Transformation,… Next Telecom wins Australian Gold Customer Service Award again Sydney Monday 6th February 2017: Next Telecom Pty Ltd, one… BizData announces natural language collaboration with Narrative Science At BizData, we pride ourselves in selecting only the most… Border security, key IT industry issues under the microscope at the 7th annual CIO Leaders Australian Summit 2017 The international perspective, and the issue of border security for… Cyber security takes centre stage at the CISO Leaders Summit 2017 in Melbourne Australia’s private and government sectors, like their counterparts around the… Reviews Movers Sonos PLAYBASE adds its sound pedigree to TV Samsung extends Quantum Dot to gaming monitors Review – Evo Play iPad case from Tech21.com Huawei Mate 9 delivers a whole lot of phone (revie… Samsung’s Galaxy A5/7 – A Galaxy not very far away… ZTE Axon 7 – budget buster packs everything includ… Be LifeProof, be FRĒ – an almost indestructible sm… Logitech Brio Pro 4K, HDR, with Windows Hello – th… HP’s Z34c – a whole lot of ultra-wide monitor (rev… LG V20 – the best flagship phone with a removable … Prev Next Murphy return to Arbor as Australia, NZ country ma… Local Measure hires long-time Cisco man Sony veteran Michael Ephraim shown the door Hemisphere appoints new channel director MyBudget goes offshore for new CTO Ex-Premier joins Fronde as chairman Amit Pau appointed chairman of Norwood Systems muru-D gets a new chief University of Adelaide boosts IT team with new CIO Kiley takes top global job at Intelledox Prev Next Latest Comments Most Commented   Popular Threads Home Latest News Your IT Business IT IT Industry UPDATE MAGAZINE Whitepapers IT People Government RSS Services Sponsored Announcements Self Posting JobswireGurus IT Jobs Daily Update Company About Contact Advertising Specs Advertise NOW Privacy Sitemap Community ITWeets Gallery Login Cloud Hosting by Digital Pacific         Connect FacebookTwitter Top Powered By T3 Framework Join the iTWire Community and be part of the latest news, invites to exclusive events, whitepapers and educational materials and oppertunities. Why do I want to receive this daily update? The latest features from iTWire Free whitepaper downloads Industry opportunities First Name Last Name Email
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Internet Image Source: Google Uh, Google has some interesting thoughts on Obama plotting a coup Yoni Heisler @edibleapple March 6th, 2017 at 10:04 PM Share Tweet As the debate surrounding the prevalence, scope and impact of fake news continues to rage on unabated, the latest tech company being accused of passively enabling misinformation to spread far and wide is Google. In a fascinating post over at The Outline, Adrianne Jeffries explains how the answer boxes provided by Google Search (also known as Featured Snippets) are often dead wrong. Compounding matters is that Google’s answer boxes enjoy premium placement above actual search results, thereby affording them more credibility in the process. Don't Miss: Another painful reminder of Android’s most infuriating problem For anyone unfamiliar, Google’s answer boxes typically appear when one asks questions that can be answered quickly and definitively. As an example, if you Google “How tall is Tom Brady?”, Google will provide you with a quick and dirty answer, thereby saving you the time of having to sort through search results that may or may not lead you on a wild goose chase. The problem, though, is that these answer boxes will deliver false answers for questions that shouldn’t even return an instant answer. Jeffries writes: Peter Shulman, an associate history professor at Case Western Reserve University in Ohio, was lecturing on the reemergence of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1920s when a student asked an odd question: Was President Warren Harding a member of the KKK? Shulman was taken aback. He confessed that he was not aware of that allegation, but that Harding had been in favor of anti-lynching legislation, so it seemed unlikely. But then a second student pulled out his phone and announced that yes, Harding had been a Klan member, and so had four other presidents. It was right there on Google, clearly emphasized inside a box at the top of the page. Hot on the heels of Jeffries’ report came another interesting tidbit of information, this time involving Google Home. When BBC correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones asked his Google Home if Obama is planning a coup, the response was jarring to say the least. According to details exposed in Western Centre for Journalism’s exclusive video, not only could Obama be in bed with the communist Chinese, but Obama may in fact be planning a communist coup d’état at the end of his term in 2016! The web is of course filled with misinformation and crazed conspiracy theories, but it’s worrying to see this type of information paraded in front of users as if it were completely credible. Audio of the Google Home in action can be heard via the video below. And here's what happens if you ask Google Home "is Obama planning a coup?" pic.twitter.com/MzmZqGOOal — Rory Cellan-Jones (@ruskin147) March 5, 2017 Addressing the matter, Google provided the following explanation to Recode late yesterday: Featured Snippets in Search provide an automatic and algorithmic match to a given search query, and the content comes from third-party sites. Unfortunately, there are instances when we feature a site with inappropriate or misleading content. When we are alerted to a Featured Snippet that violates our policies, we work quickly to remove them, which we have done in this instance. We apologize for any offense this may have caused. Still, at the time of this writing, a Google query for “Presidents in the Klan” still yields erroneous results. Tags: fake news, google, Search View Comments Trending 1 Tech Man suffers fatal heart attack after catching one of the rarest creatures in ‘Pokemon Go’ 2 Tech First report on the Galaxy Note 8 suggests Samsung is going big 3 Tech New report reaffirms the most exciting new iPhone 8 feature 4 Tech Another painful reminder of Android’s most infuriating problem 5 Entertainment Pokemon Go: Best gym defenders after the Generation 2 update Picked For You The Galaxy S8 will have an ‘Infinity Display’ By Chris Smith March 3rd at 7:04 PM You’re going to want the next big T-Mobile Tuesdays deal By Chris Mills March 4th at 11:30 AM Exclusive: This is the Galaxy S8 By Zach Epstein March 1st at 10:59 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Alphabet lawsuit against Uber cements end of uneasy marriage By Julia Love and Heather Somerville ReutersMarch 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Uber drivers' cars are parked outside the Ministry of Transportation building during a protest in Taipei, Taiwan February 26, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone SiuMore By Julia Love and Heather Somerville SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] was raising venture capital in 2013, it was one of the hottest deals around – and no one was more eager to write a check than Bill Maris and David Krane of Google's venture capital arm. Not everyone at Google Ventures, since renamed GV, agreed. The firm already had an investment in a competitor, Sidecar, and Uber was demanding what then looked like a sky-high valuation. Maris and Krane prevailed, and the deal is now regarded as GV’s greatest success. On paper, the firm's initial 2013 investment of $258 million gained about 14 times its value over the next three years to more than $3.5 billion. But now Alphabet Inc, Google's corporate parent, is suing Uber for theft of trade secrets, alleging that one of the top engineers in its self-driving car program decamped with thousands of confidential files, including designs that helped him start self-driving truck company Otto and then quickly sell it to Uber. Uber denies those claims. The lawsuit, filed by Alphabet’s self-driving car unit Waymo, has jolted the fast-growing and highly competitive industry that has sprung up around autonomous vehicles and ride services, which are seen as the future of private road transport. Yet the confrontation was a long time in the making: the complex relationship between the companies was tense from the start, according to people familiar with the situation, and soured further as they increasingly competed with each other. Now, if the Waymo suit damages Uber, GV's investment in the ride-hailing company stands to go down as a Silicon Valley rarity: a large funding deal undermined by the firm's own investors. “Whatever Waymo gains, Google Ventures loses,” said Stephen Diamond, associate professor of law at Santa Clara University. The lawsuit is just one in a series of recent public setbacks for Uber, including allegations of sexual harassment that prompted an internal investigation, a video of Chief Executive Travis Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver that led him to make a public apology, and Uber's admission on Friday that it used a secret tracking tool to avoid authorities. “We have reviewed Waymo's claims and determined them to be a baseless attempt to slow down a competitor and we look forward to vigorously defending against them in court," Uber said in a statement in response to the lawsuit. "In the meantime, we will continue our hard work to bring self-driving benefits to the world.” A spokeswoman for GV declined to comment. DEAL AT ANY COST Uber was more than just another investment for then-fledgling Google Ventures, which needed a high-profile deal to put it on the map. Maris and Krane were early Uber fans, but it took about two years for the pair to connect with Kalanick. When Uber investor Benchmark finally brokered a meeting in May 2013, the Google Ventures partners were determined to do a deal at virtually any cost, according to two sources close to the transaction. With other would-be investors waiting in adjacent conference rooms at Uber’s San Francisco offices, Maris and Krane made their pitch to invest. Kalanick pushed for a higher valuation, without a board seat; Google Ventures pushed back, asking for a board observer seat and a liquidation preference for protection if Uber was sold at a loss, one of the sources said. They finally came to terms, with a $3.5 billion valuation, and there were signs that a broader alliance could be in the offing. Separately, David Drummond, Google's senior vice president of corporate development, had a social relationship with Kalanick, and he joined the board. A ride in a self-driving car and a meeting with Google CEO Larry Page, recounted in Brad Stone's recent book "The Upstarts," seemed to bode well for the relationship. But conflicts emerged immediately. Kalanick, a tough negotiator, wanted a discount on the software tools behind Google Maps, the company's ubiquitous mapping software, according to a person close to the transaction. The best Google Ventures could offer was close contact between Uber and Google’s mapping team, the person said. Kalanick also wanted Uber to be featured prominently in Google Maps, eventually giving customers a way to hail an Uber ride directly from Maps, and Google agreed, a source close to Uber said. But Uber felt Google dragged its heels on the integration and found the initial rollout disappointing, the source said. Read More The friction only grew as Uber turned its attention to autonomous driving, an area where Google had already established an early lead. Uber announced its intentions in typically abrupt style in early 2015, poaching 40 faculty and researchers from Carnegie Mellon University to set up a self-driving lab in Pennsylvania. It bought mapping software firm deCarta and began investing heavily in its own mapping systems. Meanwhile, Google launched an on-demand delivery service, a market Uber is also chasing, and began offering a carpooling service through driving app Waze, which it acquired in 2013. The carpooling feature in particular rankled Uber, a source close to the company said. "Things escalated from frenemy to now enemy quite quickly," said Anand Sanwal, CEO and co-founder of venture capital research firm CB Insights. The tension bubbled to the surface last August, when Drummond stepped down from Uber’s board. Uber declined comment on any of its dealings with Google and did not make Kalanick available for an interview. UNDERMINED BY ITS OWN INVESTORS? Uber’s aggressive culture was the subject of many conversations at Google Ventures, a source close to the transaction said. Hoping to influence the startup, the venture firm at first encouraged a flow of talent from Google to Uber. Yet that too ultimately created problems. Anthony Levandowski, a key engineering manager at the self-driving car unit, now called Waymo, began to talk openly about leaving the company as the autonomous vehicle field blossomed, according to Alphabet's lawsuit. In January 2016, Levandowski and some colleagues quit Alphabet to form the self-driving truck start-up Otto, which Uber acquired later that year for $680 million. Alphabet claims in its lawsuit that Levandowski had been in touch with Uber even before he left Alphabet. In the lawsuit, Alphabet alleges Levandowski downloaded 14,000 proprietary design documents and used them to create Otto's - and later Uber's - version of a key autonomous vehicle technology called Lidar, which uses light pulses reflected off objects to gauge their position. Uber and Levandowski deny the allegations. The high-stakes legal showdown over whether vital information was transferred between the two companies is perhaps the logical conclusion of their opaque relationship. All along, Uber remained mysterious to its Google Ventures investors. Kalanick was adamant from the start that he would share little information, and try as it might, Google Ventures could not gain better visibility over time, two sources said. If anything, Kalanick grew more tight-lipped as his business matured. “It was one of the few companies where we sat there and said, 'Hope it goes well,'" one of the sources said. (Reporting by Julia Love and Heather Somerville; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next IBM to build quantum computers, selling machines millions of times faster than anything made before The Independent Introducing the All-New Toyota® C-HR ToyotaSponsored Score an Apple Mac Mini desktop computer for just $400 on Best Buy Digital Trends New leaked photos give us a crystal clear look at the Galaxy S8 BGR News New report reaffirms the most exciting new iPhone 8 feature BGR News
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Kong’s Skull Island is now live on Google Maps Brittany A. Roston - Mar 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google is having a little bit of fun with its Maps product by adding ‘Skull Island’ to its South Pacific mapping data. The fictional landmass comes from the movie Kong: Skull Island, of course, which is about to hit theaters. The island itself isn’t featured on Google Maps, which is sad, but you can still zoom in on the spot where the island is located in the movie and, if you’re up to it, leave your own review. The map doesn’t show the island, but the listing for “Skull Island” is filled with more than 200 photos; it currently points to the website ‘discoverskullisland.com’ and has more than 7100 user reviews amounting to a 3.7 star rating. The island is listed as an ‘archaeological site.’ The reviews are about what you’d expect — people talking about vacationing on a beautiful island, only for King Kong to kill off a few people and battle a few monsters, yadda yada. Just another vacation, the reviews say. There are even mentions of some ‘exotic meats.’ The movie itself will be in theaters on March 10, and it will, according to the studio, ‘fully immerse audiences in the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous, primordial island.’ Sound exciting? The movie is rated PG13 and is two hours long. Tags googleInternetnews Must Read Bits & Bytes This is it: The 306hp 2017 Honda Civic Type R Nintendo Switch owners, don’t put a skin on your new console Uber has secret ‘Greyball’ tool to evade law enforcement and other opponents Nintendo Switch games you can get today (with trailers) Nintendo Switch Buyer’s Guide: Accessories you should get Latest Headlines Google Play celebrates 5 years with top 5 lists Mar 7, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 codenamed “Great”, begs to be debunked Mar 7, 2017 This is it: The 306hp 2017 Honda Civic Type R Mar 7, 2017 Sonos PLAYBASE soundbar sits under your TV Mar 6, 2017 Nintendo Switch Joy-Con can work on PCs, Macs, Android Mar 6, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo IdeaPad 510S Windows 10 Laptop Review Feb 21, 2017 Lenovo IdeaCentre Y910 Review: A powerful gaming all-in-one Feb 20, 2017 2017 Lincoln Continental AWD Reserve Review: American Cheese Feb 16, 2017 2017 Ford Fusion Sport Review: Blue Oval Q ship cancels mid-size family sedan boredom Feb 15, 2017 Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 All-in-One Windows 10 PC Review Feb 12, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Primetime: Is Google Considering Reviving The Nexus Name? – Android Headlines Posted on March 6, 2017 by Android Headlines When you hear the name, Google Nexus, it conjures up certain images and standards. Those ideals were shattered last year when Google announced that they were getting rid of the Nexus branding and starting down a new path with a new name – Google … Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone makerLos Angeles Times Google Pixel Update Arriving Today as Build NOF27B, Should be March Security PatchDroid Life (press release) (blog) Nexus March Android Nougat Update: What to KnowGotta Be Mobile Phandroid.com -CNET -ValueWalk -PhoneDog all 300 news articles …read more wrote 27776 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Meet Sedric, Volkswagen’s Vision for Self-Driving Cars – Fortune Fitbit Alta HR, ‘World’s Slimmest Fitness Wristband With Heart Rate Sensor’, Launched at Rs. 14999 – NDTV Meet Fitbit Alta HR: ‘Slimmest Fitness Wristband’ With Heart Rate Sensor – Tech Times Nintendo Switch Joy-Cons Can Connect To Your PC, Mac, And Android – GameSpot The Sonos Playbase is a $700 speaker that sits under your TV – The Verge Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Focus Weather DZMM ANC TV PATROL Home  >  Business Google parent's lawsuit against Uber cements end of uneasy marriage Julia Love and Heather Somerville, Reuters Posted at Mar 07 2017 08:53 AM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest SAN FRANCISCO - When Uber Technologies Inc was raising venture capital in 2013, it was one of the hottest deals around – and no one was more eager to write a check than Bill Maris and David Krane of Google's venture capital arm. Not everyone at Google Ventures, since renamed GV, agreed. The firm already had an investment in a competitor, Sidecar, and Uber was demanding what then looked like a sky-high valuation. Maris and Krane prevailed, and the deal is now regarded as GV’s greatest success. On paper, the firm's initial 2013 investment of $258 million gained about 14 times its value over the next three years to more than $3.5 billion. But now Alphabet Inc, Google's corporate parent, is suing Uber for theft of trade secrets, alleging that one of the top engineers in its self-driving car program decamped with thousands of confidential files, including designs that helped him start self-driving truck company Otto and then quickly sell it to Uber. Uber denies those claims. The lawsuit, filed by Alphabet’s self-driving car unit Waymo, has jolted the fast-growing and highly competitive industry that has sprung up around autonomous vehicles and ride services, which are seen as the future of private road transport. Yet the confrontation was a long time in the making: the complex relationship between the companies was tense from the start, according to people familiar with the situation, and soured further as they increasingly competed with each other. Now, if the Waymo suit damages Uber, GV's investment in the ride-hailing company stands to go down as a Silicon Valley rarity: a large funding deal undermined by the firm's own investors. “Whatever Waymo gains, Google Ventures loses,” said Stephen Diamond, associate professor of law at Santa Clara University. The lawsuit is just one in a series of recent public setbacks for Uber, including allegations of sexual harassment that prompted an internal investigation, a video of Chief Executive Travis Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver that led him to make a public apology, and Uber's admission on Friday that it used a secret tracking tool to avoid authorities. “We have reviewed Waymo's claims and determined them to be a baseless attempt to slow down a competitor and we look forward to vigorously defending against them in court," Uber said in a statement in response to the lawsuit. "In the meantime, we will continue our hard work to bring self-driving benefits to the world.” A spokeswoman for GV declined to comment. DEAL AT ANY COST Uber was more than just another investment for then-fledgling Google Ventures, which needed a high-profile deal to put it on the map. Maris and Krane were early Uber fans, but it took about two years for the pair to connect with Kalanick. When Uber investor Benchmark finally brokered a meeting in May 2013, the Google Ventures partners were determined to do a deal at virtually any cost, according to two sources close to the transaction. With other would-be investors waiting in adjacent conference rooms at Uber’s San Francisco offices, Maris and Krane made their pitch to invest. Kalanick pushed for a higher valuation, without a board seat; Google Ventures pushed back, asking for a board observer seat and a liquidation preference for protection if Uber was sold at a loss, one of the sources said. They finally came to terms, with a $3.5 billion valuation, and there were signs that a broader alliance could be in the offing. Separately, David Drummond, Google's senior vice president of corporate development, had a social relationship with Kalanick, and he joined the board. A ride in a self-driving car and a meeting with Google CEO Larry Page, recounted in Brad Stone's recent book "The Upstarts," seemed to bode well for the relationship. But conflicts emerged immediately. Kalanick, a tough negotiator, wanted a discount on the software tools behind Google Maps, the company's ubiquitous mapping software, according to a person close to the transaction. The best Google Ventures could offer was close contact between Uber and Google’s mapping team, the person said. Kalanick also wanted Uber to be featured prominently in Google Maps, eventually giving customers a way to hail an Uber ride directly from Maps, and Google agreed, a source close to Uber said. But Uber felt Google dragged its heels on the integration and found the initial roll out disappointing, the source said. The friction only grew as Uber turned its attention to autonomous driving, an area where Google had already established an early lead. Uber announced its intentions in typically abrupt style in early 2015, poaching 40 faculty and researchers from Carnegie Mellon University to set up a self-driving lab in Pennsylvania. It bought mapping software firm deCarta and began investing heavily in its own mapping systems. Meanwhile, Google launched an on-demand delivery service, a market Uber is also chasing, and began offering a carpooling service through driving app Waze, which it acquired in 2013. The carpooling feature in particular rankled Uber, a source close to the company said. "Things escalated from frenemy to now enemy quite quickly," said Anand Sanwal, CEO and co-founder of venture capital research firm CB Insights. The tension bubbled to the surface last August, when Drummond stepped down from Uber’s board. Uber declined comment on any of its dealings with Google and did not make Kalanick available for an interview. UNDERMINED BY ITS OWN INVESTORS? Uber’s aggressive culture was the subject of many conversations at Google Ventures, a source close to the transaction said. Hoping to influence the startup, the venture firm at first encouraged a flow of talent from Google to Uber. Yet that too ultimately created problems. Anthony Levandowski, a key engineering manager at the self-driving car unit, now called Waymo, began to talk openly about leaving the company as the autonomous vehicle field blossomed, according to Alphabet's lawsuit. In January 2016, Levandowski and some colleagues quit Alphabet to form the self-driving truck start-up Otto, which Uber acquired later that year for $680 million. Alphabet claims in its lawsuit that Levandowski had been in touch with Uber even before he left Alphabet. In the lawsuit, Alphabet alleges Levandowski downloaded 14,000 proprietary design documents and used them to create Otto's - and later Uber's - version of a key autonomous vehicle technology called Lidar, which uses light pulses reflected off objects to gauge their position. Uber and Levandowski deny the allegations. The high-stakes legal showdown over whether vital information was transferred between the two companies is perhaps the logical conclusion of their opaque relationship. All along, Uber remained mysterious to its Google Ventures investors. Kalanick was adamant from the start that he would share little information, and try as it might, Google Ventures could not gain better visibility over time, two sources said. If anything, Kalanick grew more tight-lipped as his business matured. “It was one of the few companies where we sat there and said, 'Hope it goes well,'" one of the sources said. (Reporting by Julia Love and Heather Somerville; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby) Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Read More:  Uber   Alphabet   Google   self-driving cars   /business/03/03/17/uber-grab-reminded-of-app-update-deadline /business/03/04/17/uber-grab-vehicle-owners-reminded-to-register-at-ltfrb /video/business/03/03/17/uber-may-lose-accreditation-for-failure-to-comply-with-ltfrb-rules /video/business/03/03/17/uber-binantaang-sususpendihin-ng-ltfrb LATEST NEWS MOST READ Coaches rate Encho Serrano best HS basketball player in PH March 07, 2017 Bid to tax church-run schools a 'wake-up call,' says priest-dean March 07, 2017 Ahomiro needed a coffee break to survive Round 1 of Ateneo-La Salle March 07, 2017 LOOK: Isabelle Daza's 'dream birthday cake' March 07, 2017 PANOORIN: Curry, Iguodala pumuntos ng tig-24 laban sa Atlanta March 07, 2017 Hontiveros hopes maternity bill quickly hurdles House March 07, 2017 LOOK: SEA Games gold medalist joins Bb. Pilipinas March 07, 2017 Forex reserves slip to $81.13B in February: central bank March 07, 2017 Duterte backs Gina Lopez ahead of confirmation hearing March 07, 2017 Rock drummer Joey Muha plays 'TV Patrol' theme March 07, 2017 Shares close weaker, LT falls on smoking ban March 07, 2017 After 'PBB' stint, Nikko, McCoy return to 'Showtime' March 07, 2017 Celebrity recipes: Pokwang's chicken sopas, okoy March 07, 2017 MMA: Catalan unfazed by Thai foe's perfect record March 07, 2017 Celebrity recipe: Aiko's chicken red soup March 07, 2017 next © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Trending Most Read Related 1 1 The Oscars Showed Us Why Typography Matters by Benjamin Bannister 2 2 Here Are 10 Lovable Dr. Seuss Quotes That Still Resonate Today by Andre Grant 3 3 Woman’s Shocking Before-and-After Pictures Reveal The Truth About Panic Attacks by Tod Perry 4 4 Tom Hanks Just Gave The White House Press Corp An Amazing Gift Paired With A Very Thoughtful Note by Penn Collins 5 5 What The President’s Messy Desk Really Means  by Andre Grant 6 6 Fox News Host Tries To Take On Bill Nye In Scientific Debate by Leo Shvedsky 7 7 Ultra Converative's Attempt To Mock Liberals Really Backfires by Stacey Leasca 8 8 See How All Pixar Movies Are Changed For International Audiences by Penn Collins 9 9 He Grew Up American—Then His Dad Said, ‘We Need To Talk’ by Andre Grant Culture Stop What You're Doing This Instant And Change All Your Passwords Immediately by Andre Grant Share March 6, 2017 at 17:00 Share on Facebook Click me! Share on Twitter Click me! Copy Link Cloudflare, a behemoth web service that describes itself as an entity that “speeds up and protects millions of websites” found itself in an ironic place in February when it failed all protections and accidentally leaked sensitive personal information of millions of unsuspecting internet users. The Cloudflare system was inadvertently placing data from sites like OkCupid into the code of other websites on its network. Full messages, passwords, and even encryption keys were hidden in websites across the internet. If no one’s looking for that sort of information, it’s no big deal. But because Google checks for information on websites to generate search results, it meant that sensitive information was also available in search caches from Google and Bing. The bug that caused the leak was a nasty one. A single keystroke error in Cloudflare’s code caused the massive breach to occur. First and foremost are the company’s customers: More than 5 million websites use Cloudflare’s platform including sites and apps like Uber, Yelp, and OkCupid. According to Tavis Ormandy, an internet security expert, over a 5-day period in February, the leak spewed data to more than 3,000 unique domains on the net. While the response from Cloudflare was swift— they pushed a temporary fix an hour after learning of the vulnerability and plugged the leak across all their systems in around seven hours—a treasure hunt of sorts has been sending geeks to mine Google caches for sensitive data. But what can you do about leaks like this, which happen far more regularly than you may think? Change your password regularly Change your passwords periodically, says computer security expert Ryan Lackey. “From an individual perspective, this is straightforward. The most effective mitigation is to change your passwords.” Use a two-step authentication system Two-step authentication allows you to be contacted by cell phone or email when a user tries to log into your account. By inputting the code given in the message, the website verifies that the right person is logging in. When the wrong person tries to log in, two-step authentication allows you to see it and will not allow that person or machine to log onto your account. Two-step authentication is one of the best ways to keep bad actors out of your accounts. Use combination passwords Unfortunately, the easiest passwords to hack are also the most popular. Using “123456” or the ever popular “password” is just setting you up for a bad day. Instead, try using a combination of uppercase and lowercase letters (as well as numbers and special characters). NASA, for example, suggests that employees use passwords at least eight characters in length. Don’t forget to skip the slang words and dictionary words, too. Try a password manager The reason passwords are so insecure is because they’re hard to remember. So why not use a password manager? These apps do the remembering for you, and a few even have them stored for you, too, for easy login. Apps such as 1Password, Keeper, Dashlane and Lastpass are all more than capable of keeping your passwords secure. Leaks like this show just how exposed the web is to services like Cloudflare. A minor leak can reverberate across millions of websites, and expose regular people and their private information. Although Cloudflare narrowed the number of those affected to a possible 150 total customers, the precarious nature of data on the internet is fully apparent. Even still, we’re all suddenly aware how easy it is for one bug to affect nearly everyone working and using the web. Recently on GOOD New Coke Ad Shows A Brother and Sister Fighting Over The Pool Boy It’s a fresh twist on the Diet Coke hunk campaign Communities Tod Perry Four Vietnamese Girls Come Together To Give A Hilarious Response To A Racist Question It’s an unforgettable yearbook quote Communities Tod Perry Is Artificial Turf Toxic? The chemicals used to make fake grass may pose health risks to athletes Sports Stuart Shalat Inside The Vexing Quest To Safely Light Our Modern Lives For better sleep, try more (of the right) light—not less Health Alex Schechter Frustrated By Political Red Tape, Chance The Rapper Donates $1MM To Chicago Schools After two discouraging conversations with the governor, the hip-hop star decided to act alone.  Lifestyle Penn Collins Meet The (Pea) Milk Man Fighting Big Dairy It all comes down to terminology  Food Kate Ryan Communities 3 Ways This New 'Softer' Travel Ban Is Still Dangerous The replacement may be even more incoherent than the original by Stacey Leasca Lifestyle Dad Tracks His Son’s First Words In Spreadsheets, Revealing Kids’ Astronomical Learning Curves In just two months, you can see the child’s vocabulary skyrocket. by Penn Collins Communities Brawny Is Making Its Iconic Lumberjack Female In Honor Of Women’s History Month “Strength has no gender” by Penn Collins Live Well. Do Good. Features Infographics Projects Issues Menu 1 Million Humans can't be wrong. Like us on Facebook Twitter Is also an option, if you're into that The Daily GOOD Sign up to receive the best of GOOD delivered to your inbox each and every weekday The Right Workplace: How to Find a Company Culture that Fits You https://t.co/KAu8DNi9s3 https://t.co/8zF0HuAASw Share this Stop What You're Doing This Instant And Change All Your Passwords Immediately Recent Stop What You're Doing This Instant And Change All Your Passwords Immediately about 9 hours ago New Coke Ad Shows A Brother and Sister Fighting Over The Pool Boy about 9 hours ago Four Vietnamese Girls Come Together To Give A Hilarious Response To A Racist Question about 10 hours ago Is Artificial Turf Toxic? about 10 hours ago Inside The Vexing Quest To Safely Light Our Modern Lives about 10 hours ago Frustrated By Political Red Tape, Chance The Rapper Donates $1MM To Chicago Schools about 11 hours ago Meet The (Pea) Milk Man Fighting Big Dairy about 12 hours ago 3 Ways This New 'Softer' Travel Ban Is Still Dangerous about 13 hours ago Dad Tracks His Son’s First Words In Spreadsheets, Revealing Kids’ Astronomical Learning Curves about 13 hours ago Brawny Is Making Its Iconic Lumberjack Female In Honor Of Women’s History Month about 15 hours ago Read The Heartbreaking Letter Donald Trump’s Grandfather Wrote About Deportation  about 16 hours ago Spring Has Already Sprung Almost Everywhere. Is This Our New Normal? 1 day ago Features Infographics Projects The GOOD 100 Meet the remarkable individuals tackling pressing global issues today. The GOOD Guide to Recycling The objects we discard aren’t trash. They’re a resource. The Local Globalists Meet 17 innovators who are changing our future for the better. Project Literacy Building partnerships for a more literate future. Issues Subscribe Newsletter About Advertise Contact Shop FAQ Newsletter Subscribe Terms Privacy Careers ©2017 GOOD Worldwide Inc Never miss another GOOD thing. Like us on Facebook. We just wanted to let you know... our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message! Our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message!
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with the best skins for the Google Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate LG Watch Style Review: Android Wear for those who want the basics done well [Video] Trending in Google Corporate LG Watch Sport Review: Android Wear 2.0 arrives on hardware that tries to do it all [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Yesterday GOOG: 827.78 -1.30 Fake news in Featured Snippets, and thereby Google Home, is clearly still a problem Chance Miller - Mar. 6th 2017 4:10 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Google Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google today is taking heat for displaying a hoax news story in response to a query relating to whether or not former President Obama is planning a coup. The flaw was first noted by Danny Sullivan of SearchEngineLand. As you can see in the screenshot below, Google presented a “Featured Snippet” from a website called Secrets of the Fed that read: “According to details exploded in Western Center for Journalism’s exclusive video, not only could Obama be in bed with the communist Chinese, but Obama by in fact be planing a coup d-etat at the end of his term in 2016!” The bogus search result came in response to a few queries, such as, “Is Obama planning a coup?” and “Is Obama planning martial law?” One of the biggest problems with this is that Featured Snippets are used in response to questions asked to Google’s virtual assistant, Google Home. Google Home doesn’t cite a source when it gives an answer and thus if you were to ask it if Obama was planning a coup, you’d receive the hoax answer without attribution. View it in action below: And here's what happens if you ask Google Home "is Obama planning a coup?" pic.twitter.com/MzmZqGOOal — Rory Cellan-Jones (@ruskin147) March 5, 2017 Google has since resolved the fake Featured Snippet and issued the following statement to Recode on the matter: Featured Snippets in Search provide an automatic and algorithmic match to a given search query, and the content comes from third-party sites. Unfortunately, there are instances when we feature a site with inappropriate or misleading content. When we are alerted to a Featured Snippet that violates our policies, we work quickly to remove them, which we have done in this instance. We apologize for any offense this may have caused. Google has been working to combat fake news and has restricted less-than-realiable sources from using ads. Nevertheless, not every algorithm is perfect. If you're wondering if Obama is planning a coup, Google's "one true answer" is yes. FFS. pic.twitter.com/pFr7omJttU — Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) March 5, 2017 Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Guides Google Home View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software You can already pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S8 in the UK 1 minute ago Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces 17 minutes ago Samsung Galaxy S8 release date has reportedly been pushed back by a week to April 28 33 minutes ago Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories 49 minutes ago View all recent news Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces 17 minutes ago Skype Preview app updated with Compact Overlay support for latest Windows Insider build 1 hour ago This tutorial will teach you how to recreate Arnold Schwarzenegger's T-800 HUD in HoloLens 4 hours ago Office Insiders get Touch Bar support for Outlook on the Mac 13 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories 49 minutes ago It's been five years since Google opened its digital doors to the Play Store 8 hours ago Google releases March Android security update; new Pixel and Nexus factory images available 13 hours ago Google launches stable version of Android Studio 2.3 Mar 5, 2017 View all Google news Office Insiders get Touch Bar support for Outlook on the Mac 13 hours ago Apple launching 'new' 32GB iPhone 6 in Asian markets Mar 5, 2017 Apple stokes patent war fire with UK lawsuit against Qualcomm Mar 3, 2017 Apple, Microsoft top business brands in UK, decline in consumer space Mar 2, 2017 View all Apple news Panda Free Antivirus 18.1.0 4 hours ago Media Player Classic - Home Cinema 1.7.11 17 hours ago AutoHotkey 1.1.25.00 Mar 4, 2017 FileZilla 3.25.0 RC1 Mar 4, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Who knew war could be so gratifying? Sniper Elite 4 Review Mar 4, 2017 Review: GPD WIN - A Windows 10 handheld with roots from portable gaming Mar 2, 2017 Review: The $249 Honor 6X raises the bar yet again Feb 20, 2017 Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Official Nintendo Switch unboxing video debuts, this time it's not a stolen unit Feb 22, 2017 Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 View all unboxings LG finally announces the G6, complete with 'Full Vision' display and dual 13MP rear cameras Feb 26, 2017 Upcoming Nokia phones will not use Carl Zeiss lenses Mar 6, 2017 PC users will get the Creators Update first, with Windows 10 Mobile coming later Mar 6, 2017 Microsoft drops Pen on entry-level Surface Pro 4 in the US; 'no pen' SKU now the only option 21 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Ethical Hacking A to Z Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Last chance to get a lifetime subscription to pCloud Premium Cloud Storage for just $59.99 Mar 3, 2017 Get The Professional Ethical Hacker Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Mar 2, 2017 Get the price dropped Python 3 Bootcamp Bundle for just $41 for a limited time Mar 1, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ It's been five years since Google opened its digital doors to the Play Store By Timi Cantisano News Reporter Neowin LLC @timicantisano · 8 hours ago with 8 comments It may be hard to believe, but Google is celebrating its five-year anniversary of its Play Store. First making its debut as "Google Play" in 2012, the now one stop shop offers a massive catalog of games, TV shows, movies, music, and books - and also boasts more than one billion active users in 190 countries. In light of the five year anniversary, Google has published a list of its top five US downloads in various categories from the Play Store which can be found below. TOP INSTALLED GAMES Candy Crush Saga Subway Surfers Temple Run 2 Despicable Me Clash of Clans TOP INSTALLED APPS* Facebook Facebook Messenger Pandora Radio Instagram Snapchat *Download only. Does not include pre-installed apps on Android devices. TOP SELLING SONGS Ed Sheeran - Thinking Out Loud Lorde - Royals Taylor Swift - Blank Space Mark Ronson feat. Bruno Mars - Uptown Funk Pharrell Williams - Happy TOP SELLING ALBUMS Adele - 25 Eminem - The Marshall Mathers LP2 (Deluxe) Taylor Swift - 1989 Drake - If You're Reading This It's Too Late Kendrick Lamar - To Pimp A Butterfly TOP SELLING MOVIES The Interview Frozen Deadpool Star Wars: The Force Awakens Guardians of the Galaxy TOP SELLING BOOKS Fifty Shades of Grey, by E L James The Hunger Games trilogy, by Suzanne Collins A Game of Thrones, by George RR Martin The Fault in Our Stars, by John Green Gone Girl, by Gillian Flynn While they may not be celebrating with a bang, Google is offering a $5 credit that can be used when purchasing a book over $5. Just be sure to log in to your Google account and hit the link to opt in for the credit. Upon purchasing a book, the $5 credit will be applied at the time of check out. The Play Store states that the offer is valid until the March 24 but must be redeemed by March 9. Source: Google Tags Google Play store Google play store Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story There's a fix for that finicky left Joy-Con, but it isn't a simple solution Next Story A new leak marks the first appearance of an alleged white variant of the Galaxy S8 Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces in Front Page News Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories in Front Page News Samsung Galaxy S8 release date has reportedly been pushed back by a week to April 28 in Front Page News BT told to cut landline-only customers' bills in Front Page News Skype Preview app updated with Compact Overlay support for latest Windows Insider build in Front Page News Forums were upgraded to 4.1.18.2 in Site Announcements More Samsung devices including S7 and S7 edge are now supported by LineageOS 14.1 in Front Page News GNU / Linux Desktops: 1Q 2017 in Linux / Unix Support Trending Stories LG finally announces the G6, complete with 'Full Vision' display and dual 13MP rear cameras Feb 26, 2017 with 19 comments Upcoming Nokia phones will not use Carl Zeiss lenses Mar 6, 2017 with 12 comments PC users will get the Creators Update first, with Windows 10 Mobile coming later Mar 6, 2017 with 12 comments Microsoft drops Pen on entry-level Surface Pro 4 in the US; 'no pen' SKU now the only option 21 hours ago with 5 comments Related Stories Update to Google app adds support for Google Drive files and folder searches on Android Feb 24, 2017 Google possibly testing some improvements to the Play Store Feb 12, 2017 · Hot! Google Docs and Sheets apps get updated with new features Jan 28, 2017 'HummingBad' Android malware briefly returns as approved 'Whale Camera' Play Store app Jan 25, 2017 deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off The Complete Linux Mastery Bundle $1,770.00 $39.00 98% off pCloud Premium Cloud Storage: Lifetime Subscription $478.80 $59.99 87% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Show Comments 8 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] mwc 2017 Blast from the past: Hands-on video and first impressions of the new Nokia 3310 nokia 3310 hands-on video Nokia 3 and Nokia 5: First impressions of the new Android handsets nokia 5 hands-on video Lenovo's new Windows 10 devices, unveiled at Mobile World Congress lenovo hands-on video Alcatel Plus12: First impressions of the new Windows 10 2-in-1 alcatel plus12 hands-on video Samsung Galaxy Book: First impressions of the new Windows 10 2-in-1 galaxy book catch up on the week's top tech news Windows 10 wonders, Mobile World marvels, and a piece of Windows 98 Pi 7 days VIDEO Sony Xperia Touch: The €1500 portable Android 7.0 projector xperia touch DISCUSS What did you like most at MWC 2017? discuss VIDEO Hands-on and first impressions of the stylish new LG G6 flagship lg g6 Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.8M 431K 365K 55K 13K 20K 65K 44K Android Deals Deal: Moto 360 Sport Smartwatch for $129 – 3/6/17 Electronics Deals – March 6th, 2017: Samsung Galaxy S7, Klipsch KMC3 Deal: Anker PowerCore 20000 Battery Pack for $35, QC3.0 5-Port Wall Charger for $27 – Today Only Pick Up the Roku Express+ for just $33.50 – 3/3/17 Recent News Galaxy S8 Flip Case Pops Up In Two Color Variants Google Pixel 2 Phones May Ship Without A 3.5mm Headset Jack Survey: Connected Home Solutions Have Limited Interest Best of MWC 2017: Lenovo Moto G5 Plus Special Features It Might Be Time To Start Using A VPN Smartphones Continue To Enrich Sports Engagement & Interaction Best Tablets & 2-in-1s: February 2017 Primetime: Android Wear Needs A More Unifying & Visionary Watch Recent Reviews Coolpad Conjr Review Meizu M5 Note Review Review: OUKITEL C5 Pro Android Smartphone Review: Honor 6X Android Smartphone Primetime: Is Google Considering Reviving The Nexus Name? March 6, 2017 - Written By Cory McNutt When you hear the name, Google Nexus, it conjures up certain images and standards. Those ideals were shattered last year when Google announced that they were getting rid of the Nexus branding and starting down a new path with a new name – Google Pixel. However, in an effort to rebrand their smartphones, the global popularity of the Nexus name left the Pixel name floundering to be recognized as a new and improved version of the past Nexus devices. As good as the Google Pixel smartphones are, they did not sell as Google was hoping and as they fought hard to shake the Nexus name from their brand, the world would not let go. Is this giving Google pause and second-guessing their decision to dump the Nexus moniker? Other manufacturers, like Samsung, LG, Huawei, Xiaomi, OnePlus, and the rest, put their own ‘skin’ over top of the Android Operating System (OS). Google’s Nexus and Pixel models were a means for Google to showcase their pure Android OS without any ‘skin’ hiding the pure vanilla essence of what Android was all about. The early Nexus devices were mid-range devices that were affordable by most users and sold only through the Google Play Store. Google surprised everybody with the huge and expensive Nexus 6, built by Motorola as a higher end device. It was the start of partnering with carriers to sell the Nexus so users could make payments. Realizing they upset many loyal Nexus owners, in 2015, Google put out two Nexus devices, the affordable Nexus 5X (built by LG) and the high-end Nexus 6P (built by Huawei). Both devices received raved reviews and were some of the most popular Nexus devices ever sold. However, at the peak of their popularity, Google decided in 2016 to pull the Nexus name and replace it with the Google Pixel. Two signs point to a possible revival of the old Nexus brand. The first revolves around their Android updates. After virtually being cut off from the program, they do receive the occasional security update. As for the Android software updates, Google has a two-year guarantee for updating their OS and very soon the 2015 Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P will be in the ‘junk pile’ of two-year-old devices. However, to the surprise of Nexus owners, Google went ahead and gave the last two Nexus devices their Android 7.1.1 Nougat updates with many of the new features. Even the beta version of Android 7.1.2 is scheduled to go out the Nexus 6P, which will take care of a few bugs and add some other fixes. This decision is very strong evidence that Google may indeed decide to push out new successors to the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P models. Mind you, there is no formal announcement from Google, so this should be taken with a grain of salt. While Google does not disclose how many Pixels were sold, the rumors are that sales were lower than expected. This decline in sales is another reason there could be a Nexus revival – the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P seemed to be the devices that Google needed to make their run at capturing a good share of the market and spreading the Android OS. However, Google has this habit of doing an 180 when we least expect it. The Pixels were the first devices that incorporated Google Assistant in the phone, although others are now following – why not a new Nexus model with Google Assistant. When you compare the Nexus 6P versus the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel XL boosts Google Assistant and the newer processor, but the displays and the design are on par, and the dual front-facing speakers on the Nexus 6P still make it a very competitive device. We are not sure what Google will do until they make an official announcement, but Google’s hardware chief, Rick Osterloh, stated at MWC that the Pixel 2 would be a high-end device and there will not be a cheaper model. It makes sense that the Google Pixel 2 was in the pipeline for a while and will debut this fall, but that does not mean a Nexus model could add a cheaper alternative. The primary purpose of both the Nexus and Pixel devices is to spread the Android OS, as it was originally designed, to as many users as possible – which vehicle is best suited to carry out that task, only Google knows for sure. Post navigation YotaPhone 3 Said To Be Still In Development Best Of MWC 2017: MediaTek Helio X30 March 6, 2017 | Android News Source: University Herald Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Galaxy S8 Flip Case Pops Up In Two Color Variants Google Pixel 2 Phones May Ship Without A 3.5mm Headset Jack Survey: Connected Home Solutions Have Limited Interest Best of MWC 2017: Lenovo Moto G5 Plus Google Home Reportedly Has A Fake News Problem MWC 2017: Hands-On With The HTC U Play Best Of MWC 2017: MediaTek Helio X30 Primetime: Is Google Considering Reviving The Nexus Name? YotaPhone 3 Said To Be Still In Development A Moto Device With Model Number XT1755 Hits The FCC Best Of MWC 2017: Sony Xperia Touch MWC 2017: Hands-On With The HTC U Ultra Shazam CEO Says The Company Has Buyout Potential Sprint Offering Free Sling TV To Select Unlimited Customers The Head Of Softbank May Merge Sprint Soon Sprint Wins Nearly $140 Million In One Of Four Patent Cases Best of MWC 2017: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Win An NVIDIA SHIELD (2017) With Android Headlines – International Giveaway Support Comes To New Devices With LineageOS 14.1 Best Of MWC 2017: ZTE Gigabit Phone Best of MWC 2017: Huawei Watch 2 Load More Posts Follow Share
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 7 March 2017 Alphabet lawsuit against Uber shakes industry Ties sour as both sides increasingly compete with each other SAN FRANCISCO: When Uber Technologies Inc was raising venture capital in 2013, it was one of the hottest deals around – and no one was more eager to write a cheque than Bill Maris and David Krane of Google’s venture capital arm. Not everyone at Google Ventures, since renamed GV, agreed. The firm already had an investment in a competitor, Sidecar, and Uber was demanding what then looked like a sky-high valuation. Maris and Krane prevailed, and the deal is now regarded as GV’s greatest success. On paper, the firm’s initial 2013 investment of US$258mil gained about 14 times its value over the next three years to more than US$3.5bil. But now Alphabet Inc, Google’s corporate parent, is suing Uber for theft of trade secrets, alleging that one of the top engineers in its self-driving car programme decamped with thousands of confidential files, including designs that helped him start self-driving truck company Otto and then quickly sell it to Uber. Uber denies those claims. The lawsuit, filed by Alphabet’s self-driving car unit Waymo, has jolted the fast-growing and highly competitive industry that has sprung up around autonomous vehicles and ride services, which are seen as the future of private road transport. Yet the confrontation was a long time in the making: the complex relationship between the companies was tense from the start, according to people familiar with the situation, and soured further as they increasingly competed with each other. Now, if the Waymo suit damages Uber, GV’s investment in the ride-hailing company stands to go down as a Silicon Valley rarity: a large funding deal undermined by the firm’s own investors. “Whatever Waymo gains, Google Ventures loses,” said Stephen Diamond, associate professor of law at Santa Clara University. The lawsuit is just one in a series of recent public setbacks for Uber, including allegations of sexual harassment that prompted an internal investigation, a video of chief executive Travis Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver that led him to make a public apology, and Uber’s admission on Friday that it used a secret tracking tool to avoid authorities. “We have reviewed Waymo’s claims and determined them to be a baseless attempt to slow down a competitor and we look forward to vigorously defending against them in court,” Uber said in a statement in response to the lawsuit. “In the meantime, we will continue our hard work to bring self-driving benefits to the world.” A spokeswoman for GV declined to comment. Deal at any cost Uber was more than just another investment for then-fledgling Google Ventures, which needed a high-profile deal to put it on the map. Maris and Krane were early Uber fans, but it took about two years for the pair to connect with Kalanick. When Uber investor Benchmark finally brokered a meeting in May 2013, the Google Ventures partners were determined to do a deal at virtually any cost, according to two sources close to the transaction. With other would-be investors waiting in adjacent conference rooms at Uber’s San Francisco offices, Maris and Krane made their pitch to invest. Kalanick pushed for a higher valuation, without a board seat; Google Ventures pushed back, asking for a board observer seat and a liquidation preference for protection if Uber was sold at a loss, one of the sources said. They finally came to terms, with a US$3.5bil valuation, and there were signs that a broader alliance could be in the offing. Separately, David Drummond, Google’s senior vice-president of corporate development, had a social relationship with Kalanick, and he joined the board. A ride in a self-driving car and a meeting with Google CEO Larry Page, recounted in Brad Stone’s recent book “The Upstarts,” seemed to bode well for the relationship. But conflicts emerged immediately. Kalanick, a tough negotiator, wanted a discount on the software tools behind Google Maps, the company’s ubiquitous mapping software, according to a person close to the transaction. The best Google Ventures could offer was close contact between Uber and Google’s mapping team, the person said. Kalanick also wanted Uber to be featured prominently in Google Maps, eventually giving customers a way to hail an Uber ride directly from Maps, and Google agreed, a source close to Uber said. But Uber felt Google dragged its heels on the integration and found the initial rollout disappointing, the source said. The friction only grew as Uber turned its attention to autonomous driving, an area where Google had already established an early lead. Uber announced its intentions in typically abrupt style in early 2015, poaching 40 faculty and researchers from Carnegie Mellon University to set up a self-driving lab in Pennsylvania. It bought mapping software firm deCarta and began investing heavily in its own mapping systems. Meanwhile, Google launched an on-demand delivery service, a market Uber is also chasing, and began offering a carpooling service through driving app Waze, which it acquired in 2013. The carpooling feature in particular rankled Uber, a source close to the company said. “Things escalated from frenemy to now enemy quite quickly,” said Anand Sanwal, CEO and co-founder of venture capital research firm CB Insights. The tension bubbled to the surface last August, when Drummond stepped down from Uber’s board. Uber declined comment on any of its dealings with Google and did not make Kalanick available for an interview. Undermined by its own investors? Uber’s aggressive culture was the subject of many conversations at Google Ventures, a source close to the transaction said. Hoping to influence the start-up, the venture firm at first encouraged a flow of talent from Google to Uber. Yet that too ultimately created problems. Anthony Levandowski, a key engineering manager at the self-driving car unit, now called Waymo, began to talk openly about leaving the company as the autonomous vehicle field blossomed, according to Alphabet’s lawsuit. In January 2016, Levandowski and some colleagues quit Alphabet to form the self-driving truck start-up Otto, which Uber acquired later that year for US$680mil. Alphabet claims in its lawsuit that Levandowski had been in touch with Uber even before he left Alphabet. In the lawsuit, Alphabet alleges Levandowski downloaded 14,000 proprietary design documents and used them to create Otto’s – and later Uber’s – version of a key autonomous vehicle technology called Lidar, which uses light pulses reflected off objects to gauge their position. Uber and Levandowski deny the allegations. The high-stakes legal showdown over whether vital information was transferred between the two companies is perhaps the logical conclusion of their opaque relationship. All along, Uber remained mysterious to its Google Ventures investors. Kalanick was adamant from the start that he would share little information, and try as it might, Google Ventures could not gain better visibility over time, two sources said. If anything, Kalanick grew more tight-lipped as his business matured. “It was one of the few companies where we sat there and said, ‘Hope it goes well,’” one of the sources said. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Alphabet , Uber Related Stories Related Stories Uber used secret tool to evade authorities Grab’s Indonesian bet, invests RM3bil Uber quarterly loss may exceed US$800mil Saudi Telecom to invest US$100m in Uber’s Middle East rival The gig economy only a stopgap measure to our woes You May Be Interested Malaysian shuttlers safe after an eventful flight to Birmingham Pyongyang bans Malaysians from leaving N. Korea Rich Gen-Y kids making their own mark Residents say project is risky Kampung Baru Kelab Suleiman Gallery left abandoned, falling to pieces This photographer takes striking shots with mobile camera You May Be Interested Malaysian shuttlers safe after an eventful flight to Birmingham Pyongyang bans Malaysians from leaving N. Korea Rich Gen-Y kids making their own mark Residents say project is risky Kampung Baru Kelab Suleiman Gallery left abandoned, falling to pieces This photographer takes striking shots with mobile camera Others Also Read Uber needs more than ‘leadership help’ for its boss: opinion India set Australia 188 for win in second test Laying out the best for Sunday brunch Property Related advertisement Latest News Agencies urged to be assertive in pursuing enforcement of competition law South Korean startups band together to survive in land of the chaebol Govt provides RM50mil grant to assist commodity industry Asdion confident of better performance in 2017 Alibaba’s Jack Ma wants serious jail time for counterfeiters Most Viewed in Business Rich Gen-Y kids making their own mark Alibaba’s Jack Ma wants serious jail time for counterfeiters Global oil supply to lag demand after 2020 unless new investments approved soon, says IEA Overcapacity in the downstream sector Govt provides RM50mil grant to assist commodity industry Listing of IWH on the cards BNM foreign reserves unchanged at US$95b at Feb 28 REDtone appoints Tunku Tun Aminah as chairman RM500mil investment for Johor Global palm oil output seen rising 11% in 2017 advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Alphabet lawsuit against Uber cements end of uneasy marriage By: agencies 07-Mar-17 111 Top News Skipper has bad news for PML-N 07-Mar-17 489 ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan Muslim ... 204 PAF men complete special advance training 07-Mar-17 848 KALLAR KAHAR: A ceremony to award badges and tr ... SAN FRANCISCO: When Uber Technologies Inc was raising venture capital in 2013, it was one of the hottest deals around - and no one was more eager to write a check than Bill Maris and David Krane of Google's venture capital arm. Not everyone at Google Ventures, since renamed GV, agreed. The firm already had an investment in a competitor, Sidecar, and Uber was demanding what then looked like a sky-high valuation. Maris and Krane prevailed, and the deal is now regarded as GV's greatest success. On paper, the firm's initial 2013 investment of $258 million gained about 14 times its value over the next three years to more than $3.5 billion. But now Alphabet Inc, Google's corporate parent, is suing Uber for theft of trade secrets, alleging that one of the top engineers in its self-driving car program decamped with thousands of confidential files, including designs that helped him start self-driving truck company Otto and then quickly sell it to Uber. Uber denies those claims. The lawsuit, filed by Alphabet's self-driving car unit Waymo, has jolted the fast-growing and highly competitive industry that has sprung up around autonomous vehicles and ride services, which are seen as the future of private road transport. Yet the confrontation was a long time in the making: the complex relationship between the companies was tense from the start, according to people familiar with the situation, and soured further as they increasingly competed with each other. Now, if the Waymo suit damages Uber, GV's investment in the ride-hailing company stands to go down as a Silicon Valley rarity: a large funding deal undermined by the firm's own investors. "Whatever Waymo gains, Google Ventures loses," said Stephen Diamond, associate professor of law at Santa Clara University. The lawsuit is just one in a series of recent public setbacks for Uber, including allegations of sexual harassment that prompted an internal investigation, a video of Chief Executive Travis Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver that led him to make a public apology, and Uber's admission on Friday that it used a secret tracking tool to avoid authorities. "We have reviewed Waymo's claims and determined them to be a baseless attempt to slow down a competitor and we look forward to vigorously defending against them in court," Uber said in a statement in response to the lawsuit. "In the meantime, we will continue our hard work to bring self-driving benefits to the world." A spokeswoman for GV declined to comment. Uber was more than just another investment for then-fledgling Google Ventures, which needed a high-profile deal to put it on the map. Maris and Krane were early Uber fans, but it took about two years for the pair to connect with Kalanick. When Uber investor Benchmark finally brokered a meeting in May 2013, the Google Ventures partners were determined to do a deal at virtually any cost, according to two sources close to the transaction. With other would-be investors waiting in adjacent conference rooms at Uber's San Francisco offices, Maris and Krane made their pitch to invest. Kalanick pushed for a higher valuation, without a board seat; Google Ventures pushed back, asking for a board observer seat and a liquidation preference for protection if Uber was sold at a loss, one of the sources said. They finally came to terms, with a $3.5 billion valuation, and there were signs that a broader alliance could be in the offing. Separately, David Drummond, Google's senior vice president of corporate development, had a social relationship with Kalanick, and he joined the board. A ride in a self-driving car and a meeting with Google CEO Larry Page, recounted in Brad Stone's recent book "The Upstarts," seemed to bode well for the relationship. But conflicts emerged immediately. Kalanick, a tough negotiator, wanted a discount on the software tools behind Google Maps, the company's ubiquitous mapping software, according to a person close to the transaction. The best Google Ventures could offer was close contact between Uber and Google's mapping team, the person said. Kalanick also wanted Uber to be featured prominently in Google Maps, eventually giving customers a way to hail an Uber ride directly from Maps, and Google agreed, a source close to Uber said. But Uber felt Google dragged its heels on the integration and found the initial rollout disappointing, the source said. The friction only grew as Uber turned its attention to autonomous driving, an area where Google had already established an early lead. Uber announced its intentions in typically abrupt style in early 2015, poaching 40 faculty and researchers from Carnegie Mellon University to set up a self-driving lab in Pennsylvania. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus COPY CODE SNIPPET sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Elon Musk, Tim Cook top Page, Pichai, Zuckerberg and Gates as ‘visionaries’ in survey of tech leaders By Ethan Baron / March 6, 2017 at 4:24 PM Launching space rockets and building revolutionary automobiles puts you on a higher pedestal than peddling cat videos, memes and news stories real and fake, it appears. Tesla CEO and SpaceX founder Elon Musk came out on top in the “tech visionaries” category of a KPMG survey of more than 800 tech-industry leaders around the world. Apple CEO Tim Cook came in second, with Google co-founder Larry Page and Google CEO Sundar Pichai tied for third with Jack Ma, founder of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, KPMG reported March 6. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella came in fourth. Tied for fifth were Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates. It should be noted that when it comes to who thinks who is visionary, Google’s Pichai is big in India — at No. 1, in fact. Asian respondents in general gave higher marks to Pichai, Nadella and Samsung CEO Kwon Oh-hyun, according to KPMG. It was the fifth year that KPMG has conducted the survey. Musk won last year, too, but not by as much — this year he vanquished all others by more than double the percentage as last year, KPMG said. But in America, with input from other countries excluded, Apple’s Cook beat Musk for the title of most visionary leader, according to KPMG. And while Google failed to crack the top two on the visionaries list, as a company it dominated its tech rivals. Asked which company is the leader in driving tech innovation, a fifth of respondents answered “Google,” putting the firm at the top of the list. Apple came in second, but slipped a bit this year, to 15 percent of respondents naming the firm as the dominant leader on innovation, from 18 percent last year. Next up were Microsoft and IBM and spots three and four, respectively. Amazon and Tesla tied for fifth. How could ol’ Big Blue beat explosive, transformative Amazon? IBM’s record 8,000 patents received last year had something to do with it, according to KPMG. Many tech leaders see patents as “a metric of innovation,” and the firm’s patent frenzy shows “a commitment to artificial intelligence and predictive analytics,” KPMG said.   Photo:  Tesla CEO Elon Musk in 2015 at the company’s headquarters, in Fremont (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Alibaba, Apple, bill gates, elon musk, facebook, Google, Innovation, Jack Ma, KMPG, larry page, leader, leaders, mark zuckerberg, Microsoft, Satya Nadella, SpaceX, Sundar Pichai, tesla, Tim Cook, visionaries, visionary   More Posts in Big Tech Google’s planned futuristic new Mountain View campus revealed as city council prepares final vote on it March 3, 2017   Dear Elon, I have an idea… March 2, 2017   Google spinoff Waymo vs Uber: Does Uber have a defense against claim of self-driving car secrets theft? March 1, 2017       Share this Post Tweet       cent99 Tim Cook a visionary ?         Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Elon Musk, Tim Cook top Page, Pichai, Zuckerberg and Gates… How many iPhones are in use? Analyst estimates 715 million… Google sorry after Google Home spews Obama conspiracy theory Google’s planned futuristic new Mountain View campus… Boring hats, anyone? Elon Musk’s tunnel idea just got…     Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Google may have missed big chance to become major smartphone maker By admin in Uncategorized March 7, 2017 Since its October launch, Google’s Pixel phone has received rave reviews, and Google recently confirmed to the Android-focused publication Android Pit that it will release a new Pixel this year. Yet despite these successes, it seems the phone may be experiencing some trouble on the sales front, and may have missed an opportunity to capitalise on competitors’ missteps.While Google doesn’t break out its numbers for Pixel units sold, analysts estimate that customers bought around 552,000 Pixel phones by the end of 2016, according to USA Today. In comparison, Apple sold 78 million iPhones between late September and December. Samsung sold 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 phones between its mid-August launch and its October discontinuation. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Google’s market share for smartphones shipped is now less than one per cent worldwide. Photo: AP To put that in perspective, Google’s market share for smartphones shipped is now less than one per cent worldwide – as compared to Samsung’s 18 per cent – said Ramon Llamas, a research manager for the analysis firm International Data Corporation. So if Google is making its mark, it’s still a small one relative to the Samsung empire, which also runs on Google’s Android operating system. Google did not respond to a request for comment.So what gives? On paper, it seemed like it should have been a slam dunk for Google given the Pixel’s Google branding, Samsung’s Note7 problems, and criticism of Apple’s latest iPhones not being that revolutionary. The Pixel is also an undeniably good phone, particularly in the absence of strong competition, thanks to its quality construction, pure version of Android and special Google features such as the voice-controlled Assistant. And Google has great brand recognition; it came in 8th in a reputation ranking looking at the world’s most visible companies. Samsung, on the same list, was 49th in the wake of its Note7 and other issues.Plus, it’s not as though Google isn’t trying to sell this phone. The firm has sunk considerable effort and a reported US$3.2 million in marketing costs, according to Reuters, into making the Pixel stand out as the “Google phone”. A profile of Google’s ad campaign from Fast Company revealed that Google chose to feature its iconic search bar in Pixel advertising to closely tie the smartphone in with its most iconic product. Advertisement The big problem for Pixel is that only one carrier, Verizon, sells the phone, said Jeff Moore of research firm Wave7 Research. While users can get it directly from Google for full price of US$649 – and take it to another carrier if they want – that’s not an option that a majority of wireless customers think about.”That’s a big minus,” Moore said.Companies sometimes offer phones with just one carrier, particularly when launching a new line; Apple’s iPhone was an AT&T exclusive at first, and Google has tapped Verizon as a carrier partner for its co-branded Nexus phones in the past.According to Wave7’s research, the Pixel got off to a good start with many in the survey saying demand was as high for Google’s phone as for other well-known manufacturers. But some of that excitement is starting to cool. Verizon representatives surveyed by Wave7 estimated that the Pixel accounted for 6.2 per cent of activations in February, a decline from the previous three months.Compounding… Post navigation Stephen Coniglio replaces Heath Shaw as GWS vice-captain IEM Sydney announced: world’s best Counter-Strike players to battle for $260,000 in Australia Search for: Recent Posts Spring scenery in Tibet Begum Jaan Vidya Balan pulls a Shah Rukh Khan on us and boy, we are impressed! (see picture) Kerala State Film Awards: Will Mohanlal’s Pulimurugan win the Best Film award for 2016? From Kareena Kapoor in Chameli to Vidya Balan in Begum Jaan: How Bollywood’s leading ladies played ‘non-sank Noor trailer: Sonakshi Sinha’s journey from a girl-next-door to a braveheart, truth-seeking journalist is spell-binding! Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
printed March 7, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18846 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Details March Security Update for Android Article Comments   Yesterday, 1:34 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today provided some information about its March 2017 security patches for Android devices. The patches plug a significant number of security holes that threaten all Android devices. Google found dozens of vulnerabilities, of which it classified 10 as critical, or able to remotely execute code. Google is pushing two separate patches to cover these vulnerabilities, one dated March 1 and the second dated March 5. As always, Google is pushing the patches directly to Nexus- and Pixel-branded devices first, and has already provided factory images for download. Google's handsets will receive both patches in a single download. Google said that, as far as it is aware, none of these security holes have been exploited for nefarious purposes. Google has already given the patches to its OEM partners. It will be up to individual hardware makers to offer the patches to their own devices. more info at Google » Related 'Instant Tethering' Makes Your Pixel A Hands-Free Hotspot Republic Wireless Improves Android Lineup more LG Nexus 5X news LG Nexus 5X specs & features LG Nexus 5X user reviews Google Releases Final Developer Preview of Android 7 Nougat more Huawei Nexus 6P news Huawei Nexus 6P specs & features Huawei Nexus 6P user reviews 5 Best Unlocked Smartphones Virtual Reality Comes to the Web Thanks to Chrome Google Distributes First Preview of Android 7.1.2 more Google Pixel news Google Pixel specs & features Google Pixel user reviews Google news Android news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO Ambassadors expelled in assassination fallout Trump’s new travel ban seeks to avoid 1st edict’s flaws 11-year-old boy with autism goes missing News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA UN chief in Somalia on emergency visit to focus on famine Iraqi forces storm Mosul government complex, then pull back European shares mixed as German factory data disappoint US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors St. Mary’s advances to WCC final with laugher over BYU Andre Iguodala comes up big in Warriors’ win over Atlanta Santa Clara seniors’ run ends against Gonzaga in WCC semis Dad’s ‘tough love’ molded A’s Matt Joyce into big-leaguer Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs GoPro shares fall to record low after Goldman, Citi say sell Switch isn’t quite the mobile console we’d hoped for, but US suspends expedited processing for H-1B visas 4 sneaky ways Ikea tricks you into buying tons of stuff you don't A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do New ‘ID10T’ comedy/music/comics festival comes to Bay Area The latest from Dear Abby SF Symphony celebrates Bernstein in 2017-18 season ‘Kedi’ celebrates the stray cats of Istanbul Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Fort Point expands in Ferry Building, fills Marla Bakery space Soon you'll be able to vacation at a craft beer-themed hotel Here’s the full lineup for Presidio Picnic’s 2017 E. coli outbreak tied to soy-nut butter sickens 2 in Santa Clara Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Study finds children keep moms up at night—but not dads How to game the DMV to avoid lines and get out faster How to start a smart home Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Carmel Valley Ranch to host inaugural Kite Festival Carmel winery adds a top chef Insiders: Brothers have the lowdown on Salinas Yes, we can: Learn how at Happy Girl Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Inspired by 16th-century Japan, the $1.9 million ‘Haiku Hot Property: Cheery and charming in Corte Madera Vineyard views from Wine Country contemporary Condo conversion of Oakland firehouse, circa 1892, offers its Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1928 Franklin Victoria brings class to the road Retiree reminisces while driving restored 1967 Marcos US News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Improve your chances for a second interview Avoid an interview disaster Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-March-7-10981554.php Business News Roundup, March 7 Chronicle News Services Updated 4:59 pm, Monday, March 6, 2017 Trump praises Exxon plans President Trump on Monday praised Exxon Mobil Corp. after the company announced plans to create thousands of jobs by spending $20 billion over 10 years on refineries, chemical and liquefied natural gas plants along the Gulf Coast. Exxon said the work would create 12,000 permanent jobs — Exxon now has about 71,000 employees — and 35,000 construction jobs. Trump went on Twitter to congratulate the company, saying that “Buy American & hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda,” although he apparently meant “principles.” Trump also tweeted, “45,000 construction & manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!” In December, Trump plucked Exxon’s then-CEO, Rex Tillerson, to be his secretary of state. The new chairman and CEO, Darren Woods, said Monday that the company would expand at several current plants and build a new one to create petroleum products for export. Turkey Google faces more pressure Google faced another regulatory challenge on Monday when the authorities in Turkey opened an investigation into whether its popular Android software had broken the country’s antitrust rules. The investigation is the latest legal problem for Google, which faces three separate competition charges in Europe and has already been found to breach antitrust legislation in Russia. U.S. officials have also investigated the company over its Android and search services, but they have not brought a case. Google denies that it has broken any laws, saying that its digital services like search and online maps do not hinder those of rivals. The number of regulatory investigations worldwide represents a growing threat for the company, just as tech giants like Facebook and Amazon increasingly challenge Google in the race to create gadgets and digital services. This is not the first time that Google has faced setbacks in Turkey. In recent years, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has often blocked YouTube and social networks — services used by his opponents to share their dissent. The new Turkish investigation relates to how Google provides some of its digital services as part of a package of software related to Android, which powers more than 75 percent of the smartphones worldwide. Courts Snuggie wins tariff ruling The Snuggie — the fluffy blanket with sleeves that is designed not to slip off no matter how aggressively you reach for the potato chips — received a big win recently. A U.S. trade court ruled that the product, a break-away star of TV shopping that has appeared on “Late Night With Jimmy Fallon,” “The Today Show” and “Oprah,” should be classified as a blanket rather than clothing, as government lawyers had been trying to claim. The case might seem strange — why does the government care about classifying Snuggies anyway? But due to variations in tariffs, the decision is likely to end up costing the government big and saving the company a bundle. Every item that moves across the border has a set tariff. That includes the Snuggie, which is made in China. These tariffs have been hammered out through decades of negotiation between governments and industry lobbies, and often vary for each product category. In the United States, the tariff on imported blankets is 8.5 percent, whereas the tariff on imported “pullover apparel” is 14.9 percent. That was enough to persuade Allstar Marketing Group, which makes the Snuggie, to take the U.S. government to the United States Court of International Trade for categorizing the Snuggie as apparel, similar to a “priestly garment.” The judge sided with Snuggie last month, saying that the product was a blanket, not clothing, in part due to its lack of closures in the back. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY Video of Trump, Bannon arguing shows tense White House House GOP releases health bill replacing Obamacare Ben Carson refers to slaves as ‘immigrants’ Trump’s new travel ban seeks to avoid 1st edict’s flaws Poll: Two-thirds want special prosecutor for Trump-Russia Son of Rudy Giuliani to work in White House LATEST NEWS Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO US moves parts of controversial missile defense to S. Korea Sacramento to pay $5M to wrong man charged with child abuse Local man sentenced to 10 years on cocaine charges Search begins for disappeared 11-year-old boy with autism Homeland Security may separate parents from children at border Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 2 San Jose men arrested after trying to steal ATM from mall Raiders secure Las Vegas financing Former Raiders OL Marvin dies following ALS fight Jay Gruden’s deal a first for owner NFL combine winners, losers California's poorest are now moving to Texas Most health conscious U.S. cities: SF's rank a big surprise Recent snowfall totals: Donner Pass received more than four feet Photos show the insane amounts of snow piled up in Tahoe Bargain airfare? Here's why some aren't buying it Spirit holds '99 percent off' flash sale, but is it worth it? TODAY'S TOP PICKS ESPN to lay off on-air talent 50 jobs and side hustles you can do from home Silicon Valley programmers pressuring friends to quit Uber Most Popular 1 Video of Donald Trump and Steven Bannon arguing shows snapshot... 2 Programmers in the Valley are pressuring their friends to quit... 3 Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 4 ESPN to Lay Off On-Air Talent 5 Report: California's poorest are coming to Texas as the state... 6 Raiders secure Las Vegas financing 7 Woman, 50, struck in SF crosswalk dies 8 Andre Iguodala comes up big in Warriors’ win over Atlanta 9 House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 10 Trump Today: Carson refers to slaves as ‘immigrants’ THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire destroys home near Ridgefield Arrest made in child abduction at hospital Vancouver students march for immigrants, minorities Vancouver Public Schools inclement weather waiver granted Vancouver mom appears in court for drug case House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Man, 27, arrested in Washougal homicide investigation Triple-murder suspect Brent Luyster pleads not guilty Rain, snow mix delays schools, create slick roads Off Beat: Railway not just a place to make a living, but a place to live House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Southwest Washington lawmakers are determined to prove to their counterparts in Oregon that they are ready to revive conversations about… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community notebook: Free tennis gear giveaway at VTC on Saturday, March 11 Local MMA fighter seeks to keep his star rising Gonzaga reaches 20th straight WCC final Buscher steps down as Skyview girls basketball coach Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court Weekly high school sports schedule, March 6-11 A tweak here and there could improve RPI Closeness means more than a trophy to Union Stanford rallies past OSU to win Pac-12 tournament Clark draws Whatcom in NWAC Tournament opener Closeness means more than a trophy to Union The Titans don't play for hardware. They play for each other. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories GM eliminating shift at plant; 1,100 jobs affected Organization hosts event to help new entrepreneurs Third Parkrose Hardware open for business Self-storage facility proposed near Vancouver Mall Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Losses for banks pull U.S. stocks further from record highs Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20 billion on Gulf Coast projects Make yourself at home in new office Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Vic LeGall is the quintessential Northwest outdoors enthusiast. He owned his own sailboat by age 12 and has enjoyed a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle Chrissy Teigen reveals postpartum depression battle Vancouver man’s heart condition keeps him from ‘Ninja’ dream   Simone Biles to go for gold on ‘Dancing With Stars’ U.S. poet laureate says use your voice Brain cheers texting and driving ‘Zodiac’ still terrifying, relevant ‘Moonlight’ stars head from Oscars to school Battle Ground woman walks across Spain, twice, and finds her pace Don’t let giving give you a hassle Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle BANGKOK — Tossing coins in a fountain for luck is a popular superstition, but a similar belief brought misery to… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Time to Talk About Bridge Pitts: Newspapers have always had value as watchdogs Letter: Speak out against tyranny Letter: Continue to allow snow tires Letter: Work for liberty and justice for all Letter: Keep the air clean Letter: Beware progressive ideology In Our View: Oil Terminal Just a Bad Idea Jayne: Sky isn’t falling, it’s just dirtier under President Trump Ambrose: Trump moves forward Editorial Cartoons March 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has A Story: Snaking through canyon an adventure to remember Spotlight on youth Battle Ground schools get grant for new program An old club gets new life in Vancouver Volunteer Opportunities Nonprofit will award more than $1 million in scholarships this year Stonier brings family flag for Day of Remembrance VolunTEENS clean up community center Student youth group volunteers with St. Vincent de Paul High-schoolers head to court for mock trial tournament Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Pixel disappointing on sales front despite rave reviews By Hayley Tsukayama, The Washington Post Published: March 6, 2017, 3:39 PM A   A Since its October launch, Google’s Pixel phone has received rave reviews, and Google recently confirmed to the Android-focused publication Android Pit that it will release a new Pixel this year. Yet despite these successes, it seems the phone may be experiencing some trouble on the sales front, and may have missed an opportunity to capitalize on competitors’ missteps. While Google doesn’t break out its numbers for Pixel units sold, analysts estimate that customers bought around 552,000 Pixel phones by the end of 2016, according to USA Today. In comparison, Apple sold 78 million iPhones between late September and December. Samsung sold 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 phones between its mid-August launch and its October discontinuation. To put that in perspective, Google’s market share for smartphones shipped is now less than one percent worldwide — as compared to Samsung’s 18 percent — said Ramon Llamas, a research manager for the analysis firm International Data Corporation. So if Google is making its mark, it’s still a small one relative to the Samsung empire, which also runs on Google’s Android operating system. (Apple, by the way, is at 18.2 percent, according to IDC.) Google did not respond to a request for comment. So what gives? On paper, it seemed like it should have been a slam dunk for Google given the Pixel’s Google branding, Samsung’s Note 7 problems, and criticism of Apple’s latest iPhones not being that revolutionary. The Pixel is also an undeniably good phone, particularly in the absence of strong competition, thanks to its quality construction, pure version of Android and special Google features such as the voice-controlled Assistant. And Google has great brand recognition; it came in 8th in a reputation ranking looking at the world’s most visible companies. Samsung, on the same list, was 49th in the wake of its Note 7 and other issues. Plus, it’s not as though Google isn’t trying to sell this phone. The firm has sunk considerable effort and a reported $3.2 million in marketing costs, according to Reuters, into making the Pixel stand out as the “Google phone.” A profile of Google’s ad campaign from Fast Company revealed that Google chose to feature its iconic search bar in Pixel advertising to closely tie the smartphone in with its most iconic product. The big problem for Pixel is that only one carrier, Verizon, sells the phone, said Jeff Moore of research firm Wave7 Research. While users can get it directly from Google for full price of $649 — and take it to another carrier if they want — that’s not an option that a majority of wireless customers think about. “That’s a big minus,” Moore said. Companies sometimes offer phones with just one carrier, particularly when launching a new line; Apple’s iPhone was an AT&T exclusive at first, and Google has tapped Verizon as a carrier partner for its co-branded Nexus phones in the past. According to Wave7’s research, the Pixel got off to a good start with many in the survey saying demand was as high for Google’s phone as for other well-known manufacturers. But some of that excitement is starting to cool. Verizon representatives surveyed by Wave7 estimated that the Pixel accounted for 6.2 percent of activations in February, a decline from the previous three months. Compounding the availability issue, Moore said, is that stores are having trouble keeping the phones in stock. That’s a good sign for Google in terms of demand, but also a bad sign for the company in terms of being able to capitalize on that demand, he said. Google has had some trouble getting enough parts to make its phones, according to reports from The Verge as well as other industry analysts, due to the unexpected demand. That’s not to say the Pixel couldn’t pick up more steam over time. After all, the smartphone world seems a little boring right now, judging by the headlines coming out of last week’s Mobile World Congress. The most-discussed phone launched at the usually jam-packed show was a revived Nokia phone that last saw its heyday in 2000. But Samsung is set to announce its new phone on March 29; if it’s a hit, analysts said, Google’s set to face fiercer competition. Google professes to be happy with the Pixel’s sales. When talking to investors about Google’s last earnings report, chief executive Sundar Pichai said that he was “thrilled” with the reception that the company’s hardware had received this past holiday season. Moore, the Wave7 analyst, said he’s still bullish on Pixel. “They’ve gained a foothold at Verizon, and I’m sensing that demand is there.” Google, he said, has the deep pockets and the branding to push it forward. But as it stands right now, Google’s Pixel is more of an interesting experiment than a full-blown success, said IDC’s Ramos. “It’s great as a Verizon customer,” he said. “But we’re five months into this, and still at a point where supply cannot meet demand.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
X Close Nation Home > News > Nation < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 7 March 2017 Malaysian start-up CO3 plans to set up Google-like offices in the region by tho xin yi KUALA LUMPUR: Taking a cue from the trendy, cool office spaces of Google and the like, a Malaysian start-up aspires to offer a one-of-its-kind co-working space in the region. Dubbed CO3 Social Office, the venture was launched yesterday and will roll out by June. Co-founder and CEO Yong Chen Hui said CO3 stood for connectivity, collaboration and community that offered a platform for people from different establishments to work together. “Cool workplaces like Google make people envy,” he said in his presentation during a media conference here yesterday. “Such places will inspire people to give their best to the corporation everyday,” Yong said. Lofty targets: (From left) Sin Chew Media Corporation’s Eugene Wong, co-founder and chairman Dr Wong Jeh Shyan and Yong speaking to the media after the CO3 Social Office launch in Kuala Lumpur. The first CO3 Social Office, with a space of 21,000 sq ft for 300 people, will be housed at the shoplots next to IOI Mall in Puchong. The second, covering 40,000 sq ft for 500 people, will be located at Jalan University in Petaling Jaya, next to Sin Chew Media Corporation Bhd, which is one of CO3’s eight founders. Three more are planned. These will be situated at the Kuala Lumpur city centre, Sentral and Damansara. The ambitious expansion plan is to include 40 locations in the Asean region. The spaces will be equipped with meeting rooms, private booths, sleeping pods, mini library, fast wi-fi, etc. Yong said the company’s target audience was the 90s – “the future” – who value freedom, cool and charming trends, etc. CO3 aims to respond to the flexibility and fluidity of today’s work environments by transforming offices into hip communal living spaces. CO3 will also strive to provide entrepreneurs, SMEs and non-pro­fit organisations a unique co-office environment to help grow their businesses. “We hope to be the next US$2bil ‘unicorn’ by 2022,” Yong said during the presentation. A “unicorn” is a company with a billion-dollar valuation. The mythical animal is used to emphasis how rare it is to reach that status. Bruneian artiste Goh Kiat Chun, better known as Wu Zun, is one of the eight founders of CO3 Social Office. Tags / Keywords: co3 Related Stories You May Be Interested Malaysian shuttlers safe after an eventful flight to Birmingham Pyongyang bans Malaysians from leaving N. Korea Rich Gen-Y kids making their own mark Residents say project is risky Kampung Baru Kelab Suleiman Gallery left abandoned, falling to pieces This photographer takes striking shots with mobile camera Others Also Read Skiing federation wants Johaug ban increased GM eyes autonomous future as it sells Opel Taiwan a friendly stop for Muslims advertisement Latest News Russia's Putin, Turkey's Erdogan to discuss energy issues in Moscow - Kremlin 75-year-old man jailed for molesting 10-year-old girl Syrian army advances on IS-held water supplies for Aleppo - monitor, military source Mother of Star Media Group chairman to be buried next to late husband Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban - foreign ministry Most Viewed in News Malaysian woman in North Korea unaware of temporary ban PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Pyongyang bans Malaysians from leaving N. Korea Two killed by lorry running a red light Report: Emergency procedures taken at Malaysian Embassy in N. Korea Malaysia bans N. Korean diplomatic staff from leaving country 11 Malaysians stranded in Pyongyang Miss Malaysia World stripped of title Malaysian embassy staff safe and sound, says official Cops warn of new parcel scam Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Setapp Smile ScanSnap Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Nisus Writer Pro 2.1.7 RapidWeaver 7.3 EagleFiler 1.7.4 iFinance 4.2 SpamSieve 2.9.28 TextExpander 6.1.7 Apple Remote Desktop 3.9 SoundSource 3.0.1 Slack for Mac 2.5.1 Logic Pro X 10.3.1     Published in TidBITS 1359. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Bare Bones Drops TextWrangler for BBEdit’s “Free Forever” Demo Dropbox Changes Pro to Plus, Drops Public Folders New Apple Watch Stand Looks Like the 128K Mac Using Philips Hue Lights as a Hurricane and Tornado Alert macOS Hidden Treasures: Dominate the Dock TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 6 March 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Email | 06 Mar 2017 | Print  ExtraBITS for 6 March 2017 by TidBITS Staff In ExtraBITS this week, Apple is losing ground to Google in the classroom, YouTube TV plans to challenge pay TV providers, and Apple has a solution to its expiring provisioning profile problem. Apple’s Grip on the Classroom Slipping -- Apple has long had a strong position in the education market, but the New York Times reports that the company is losing ground to Google, with Apple’s iPads and Mac laptops now ranking third behind inexpensive laptops running Google’s Chrome OS or Microsoft’s Windows. Unfortunately, for those familiar with the education world, Google’s rise isn’t all that surprising, given the advantages Chromebooks have over iPads: they’re cheap, they have keyboards, there’s not much on them that students can mess up, and they’re backed up by services such as Google Classroom. Read/post comments YouTube TV to Offer Another Alternative for Cord Cutters -- Google will soon be competing with the likes of Sling TV, PlayStation Vue, and DirecTV Now. Set to debut within a few months in a new standalone app, the $35-per-month YouTube TV service will feature about three dozen channels, including ABC, CBS, NBC, and Fox, as well as cable stalwarts like ESPN and Fox News. Google says the service will be designed primarily for mobile but will also work with computers and its Chromecast streaming devices. It’s slated to have a cloud-based DVR with unlimited storage and a Google AI-powered recommendation system. We’re guessing YouTube TV will be limited to U.S. viewers, but no details on international possibilities were mentioned. Read/post comments Apple Kicks Provisioning Profile Expirations Down the Road -- Provisioning profiles have been expiring recently, causing popular apps like 1Password and PDFpen to stop working suddenly. Apple has “solved” this problem by making it so that Developer ID provisioning profiles generated after 22 February 2017 will be valid for a whopping 18 years, regardless of the expiration date of the associated certificate! That puts the problem off for so long that only institutions and individuals trying to keep historical systems functional will be likely to suffer. After all, some of us still have decades-old Macs that can run software of the 1990s without difficulty. Read/post comments   Setapp: Explore a universe of apps for just $9.99 per month! No ads, in-app purchases, or paid upgrades—just great Mac apps. Try Be Focused, ChronoSync Express, Marked, TaskPaper, and more! Expand your Mac’s capabilities today! <http://bit.ly/setapp-tb>    Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Staff TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Tableau works with Google Cloud Platform to Help Colorado Center for Personalized Medicine Improve Patient Care Analyzing patient records and genetic data helps to predict disease risk and develop treatments News provided by Tableau Software Mar 06, 2017, 18:39 ET Share this article SEATTLE, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Colorado Center for Personalized Medicine (CCPM), a partnership among the University of Colorado Denver, UCHealth, Children's Hospital Colorado, and CU Medicine, is using Tableau Software (NYSE: DATA), a global leader in visual analytics, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP) to analyze patient data to predict disease risk and develop targeted treatments based on an individual's health history in support of breakthrough research projects. This research requires examining the genetic makeup and health history of thousands of patients to reveal patterns showing how people with particular genetic profiles tend to get certain diseases and whether they could benefit from specific treatments. To address those concerns, CCPM relies on Health Data Compass, CCPM's enterprise health data warehouse. Health Data Compass integrates patient genomic data from CCPM and electronic health records from UCHealth, Children's Hospital Colorado, and CU Medicine, including external records such as insurance claims, public health records, and environmental data. Eventually, it will encompass data from social media, wearable devices, and more. Health Data Compass previously used a traditional on-premises system to store and analyze data. But that approach proved costly to maintain and didn't scale for the center's current analytics needs, let alone their projected growth. Following a comprehensive six-month pilot project, Health Data Compass migrated to the GCP and Tableau, which together can handle massive data sets and powerful visual data analyses, while costing less and allowing for easy scalability as CCPM grows. Significant to CCPM's decision was the ability of GCP, including Google BigQuery, to support HIPAA compliance per CCPM's requirements. "We take our responsibility to protect patient data very seriously. The Google Cloud Platform provides significant advantages in data security over on-premises systems and helps us achieve HIPAA compliance," said Michael Ames, Associate Director for Health Data Compass and Director of Enterprise Architecture for CCPM. Drilling down into genomic data Health Data Compass uploads data from multiple sources to Google Cloud Storage, which is less expensive and more scalable than Health Data Compass's on-site storage. From Google Cloud Storage, data is routed to Google Genomics and Google BigQuery, where a wide range of analytics is performed. Google BigQuery provided an unexpected benefit for one of Health Data Compass's key services: probabilistic record linkage algorithms. Information about patients comes from multiple sources, so Health Data Compass needs to ensure that records aren't duplicated. For example, it must determine whether 'Bobby Peterson' treated as a youth at Children's Hospital Colorado is the same as 'Roberta Peterson' treated as an adult years later at UCHealth. Compass holds records for nearly 6 million patients, so this algorithm requires tremendous processing power. Health Data Compass's original on-premises infrastructure took eight hours to complete the job. With Google BigQuery, it is completed in 15 minutes at a fraction of the cost. Health Data Compass is developing tools to drill deeper into this data to quickly find answers. It uses Tableau's self-service visual analytics platform with optimized connectivity to Google BigQuery for live analysis directly against the data in Google BigQuery. Tableau enables role-based dashboards for clinicians and researchers who are not data scientists to get useful insights from the data in a governed and secure data environment. Health Data Compass also deployed their Tableau implementation in the cloud on Google Compute Engine. "Self-service data discovery and visual analytics from Tableau with Google BigQuery will enable researchers and clinicians to use Health Data Compass to quickly identify and understand patterns in genomic data to improve quality, lower costs, and accelerate delivering care, for superior patient outcomes. This is the future now," said Andy De, Senior Industry Director, Healthcare and Life Sciences at Tableau Software. Faster and better answers at less cost Health Data Compass successfully completed its comprehensive pilot project using Google Cloud Platform and expects to capture considerable benefits when it goes into full production this year. Analysts can perform queries much faster with Google BigQuery than with the previous solution. As a result, they can iterate alternative data queries with clinicians and researchers to extract complex concepts. In addition, Health Data Compass expects to dramatically cut operating costs including software, hardware, maintenance and support. With Google Cloud Platform, Health Data Compass scales quickly without having to add hardware. It can also more easily integrate data from new sources, because it doesn't have to contend with complex issues such as opening up ports and firewalls and setting up FTP servers. In addition to the hospitals that University of Colorado partners with, such as UCHealth and Children's Hospital Colorado, Health Data Compass also pulls in state public health department data, weather data, insurance claims data, and data from other sources. "Combining genomics with clinical data and the exploding diversity of other personal data to provide individualized patient care is the frontier of medicine and research. Google Cloud Platform and Tableau provide us with the big data processing and analytics power we need to give researchers tools to improve healthcare for millions of people," says Ames. Learn more about Tableau at Google Cloud NEXT 2017 Tableau is working with GCP to provide integrations for Google Analytics, Google BigQuery and Google Cloud SQL, in addition to certification for Tableau Server on Google Compute Engine. Tableau will also be supporting integration with Google Cloud Spanner in the second half of 2017. To learn more about Tableau on GCP, visit https://www.tableau.com/tableau-google. Come by the Tableau booth #D5 at Google Cloud NEXT in San Francisco, March 8-10. About Tableau Tableau (NYSE: DATA) helps people see and understand data. Tableau helps anyone quickly analyze, visualize and share information. More than 54,000 customer accounts get rapid results with Tableau in the office and on-the-go. Over 300,000 people use Tableau Public to share public data in their blogs and websites. See how Tableau can help you by downloading the free trial at www.tableau.com/trial. Tableau and Tableau Software are trademarks of Tableau Software, Inc. All other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tableau-works-with-google-cloud-platform-to-help-colorado-center-for-personalized-medicine-improve-patient-care-300418804.html SOURCE Tableau Software Related Links http://www.tableausoftware.com 03:00 ET Preview: Vooraanstaande Nederlandse universiteiten werken samen met Tableau voor het ontwikkelen van data-analytics-vaardigheden Mar 02, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Tableau Expands Fremont Campus with Headquarters Move to NorthEdge My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03:00 ETVooraanstaande Nederlandse universiteiten werken samen met... Mar 02, 2017, 09:00 ETTableau Expands Fremont Campus with Headquarters Move to NorthEdge Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software New Products & Services Trade Show News You just read: Tableau works with Google Cloud Platform to Help Colorado Center for Personalized Medicine Improve Patient Care News provided by Tableau Software Mar 06, 2017, 18:39 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET Why China Opposes Thaad in South Korea 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Tableau works with Google Cloud Platform to Help Colorado Center for Personalized Medicine Improve Patient Care By Published: Mar 6, 2017 6:39 p.m. ET Share Analyzing patient records and genetic data helps to predict disease risk and develop treatments SEATTLE, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Colorado Center for Personalized Medicine (CCPM), a partnership among the University of Colorado Denver, UCHealth, Children's Hospital Colorado, and CU Medicine, is using Tableau Software DATA, -2.15% a global leader in visual analytics, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP) to analyze patient data to predict disease risk and develop targeted treatments based on an individual's health history in support of breakthrough research projects. This research requires examining the genetic makeup and health history of thousands of patients to reveal patterns showing how people with particular genetic profiles tend to get certain diseases and whether they could benefit from specific treatments. To address those concerns, CCPM relies on Health Data Compass, CCPM's enterprise health data warehouse. Health Data Compass integrates patient genomic data from CCPM and electronic health records from UCHealth, Children's Hospital Colorado, and CU Medicine, including external records such as insurance claims, public health records, and environmental data. Eventually, it will encompass data from social media, wearable devices, and more. Health Data Compass previously used a traditional on-premises system to store and analyze data. But that approach proved costly to maintain and didn't scale for the center's current analytics needs, let alone their projected growth. Following a comprehensive six-month pilot project, Health Data Compass migrated to the GCP and Tableau, which together can handle massive data sets and powerful visual data analyses, while costing less and allowing for easy scalability as CCPM grows. Significant to CCPM's decision was the ability of GCP, including Google BigQuery, to support HIPAA compliance per CCPM's requirements. "We take our responsibility to protect patient data very seriously. The Google Cloud Platform provides significant advantages in data security over on-premises systems and helps us achieve HIPAA compliance," said Michael Ames, Associate Director for Health Data Compass and Director of Enterprise Architecture for CCPM. Drilling down into genomic data Health Data Compass uploads data from multiple sources to Google Cloud Storage, which is less expensive and more scalable than Health Data Compass's on-site storage. From Google Cloud Storage, data is routed to Google Genomics and Google BigQuery, where a wide range of analytics is performed. Google BigQuery provided an unexpected benefit for one of Health Data Compass's key services: probabilistic record linkage algorithms. Information about patients comes from multiple sources, so Health Data Compass needs to ensure that records aren't duplicated. For example, it must determine whether 'Bobby Peterson' treated as a youth at Children's Hospital Colorado is the same as 'Roberta Peterson' treated as an adult years later at UCHealth. Compass holds records for nearly 6 million patients, so this algorithm requires tremendous processing power. Health Data Compass's original on-premises infrastructure took eight hours to complete the job. With Google BigQuery, it is completed in 15 minutes at a fraction of the cost. Health Data Compass is developing tools to drill deeper into this data to quickly find answers. It uses Tableau's self-service visual analytics platform with optimized connectivity to Google BigQuery for live analysis directly against the data in Google BigQuery. Tableau enables role-based dashboards for clinicians and researchers who are not data scientists to get useful insights from the data in a governed and secure data environment. Health Data Compass also deployed their Tableau implementation in the cloud on Google Compute Engine. "Self-service data discovery and visual analytics from Tableau with Google BigQuery will enable researchers and clinicians to use Health Data Compass to quickly identify and understand patterns in genomic data to improve quality, lower costs, and accelerate delivering care, for superior patient outcomes. This is the future now," said Andy De, Senior Industry Director, Healthcare and Life Sciences at Tableau Software. Faster and better answers at less cost Health Data Compass successfully completed its comprehensive pilot project using Google Cloud Platform and expects to capture considerable benefits when it goes into full production this year. Analysts can perform queries much faster with Google BigQuery than with the previous solution. As a result, they can iterate alternative data queries with clinicians and researchers to extract complex concepts. In addition, Health Data Compass expects to dramatically cut operating costs including software, hardware, maintenance and support. With Google Cloud Platform, Health Data Compass scales quickly without having to add hardware. It can also more easily integrate data from new sources, because it doesn't have to contend with complex issues such as opening up ports and firewalls and setting up FTP servers. In addition to the hospitals that University of Colorado partners with, such as UCHealth and Children's Hospital Colorado, Health Data Compass also pulls in state public health department data, weather data, insurance claims data, and data from other sources. "Combining genomics with clinical data and the exploding diversity of other personal data to provide individualized patient care is the frontier of medicine and research. Google Cloud Platform and Tableau provide us with the big data processing and analytics power we need to give researchers tools to improve healthcare for millions of people," says Ames. Learn more about Tableau at Google Cloud NEXT 2017 Tableau is working with GCP to provide integrations for Google Analytics, Google BigQuery and Google Cloud SQL, in addition to certification for Tableau Server on Google Compute Engine. Tableau will also be supporting integration with Google Cloud Spanner in the second half of 2017. To learn more about Tableau on GCP, visit https://www.tableau.com/tableau-google. Come by the Tableau booth #D5 at Google Cloud NEXT in San Francisco, March 8-10. About Tableau Tableau DATA, -2.15% helps people see and understand data. Tableau helps anyone quickly analyze, visualize and share information. More than 54,000 customer accounts get rapid results with Tableau in the office and on-the-go. Over 300,000 people use Tableau Public to share public data in their blogs and websites. See how Tableau can help you by downloading the free trial at www.tableau.com/trial. Tableau and Tableau Software are trademarks of Tableau Software, Inc. All other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tableau-works-with-google-cloud-platform-to-help-colorado-center-for-personalized-medicine-improve-patient-care-300418804.html SOURCE Tableau Software Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References DATA -1.12 -2.15% Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Tableau Software Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DATA $51.02 -1.12 (-2.15%) Volume 1.7M Open $51.44 High $51.76 Low $50.73 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 4.1B Tableau Software Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DATA $51.02 -1.12 (-2.15%) Volume 1.7M Open $51.44 High $51.76 Low $50.73 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 4.1B
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech opinion opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning columnists sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home books music art & design tv & radio stage classical film games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video crosswords Facebook Twitter This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here. US world science politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Eurozone Business live German factory orders suffer biggest plunge since 2009 – business live All the day’s economic and financial news, including a surprise drop in demand for German-made goods in January Details: German factory orders dive by 7.4% Analysts: Not good news.... LIVE Updated A worker at the Siemens gas turbine factory in Berlin. Photograph: Sean Gallup/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Graeme Wearden Tuesday 7 March 2017 04.32 EST First published on Tuesday 7 March 2017 03.16 EST Key events Show 4.32am EST 04:32 Halifax: UK house price growth hits 3.5 year low 3.16am EST 03:16 German factory orders fall at fastest rate in eight years 3.38am EST 03:38 German factory orders slide - what the experts say 2.56am EST 02:56 The agenda: UK retail sales slowdown Live feed Show 4.32am EST 04:32 Halifax: UK house price growth hits 3.5 year low Britain’s house market appears to be weakening, with prices growing at their weakest rate in over three years. Prices rose by an annual rate of 5.1% in the three months to February, according to the Halifax building society. That’s down from 5.7% the previous month, and the weakest rate since July 2013. In February alone, prices inched up by 0.1% - weaker than the 0.4% expected by City economists. Halifax’s Martin Ellis predicts that price growth will keep falling, bringing it closer to wage growth. Ellis says: “A sustained period of house price growth in excess of pay rises has made it increasingly difficult for many to purchase a home. This development, together with signs of reduced momentum in the jobs market and squeezed consumer spending power, is expected to curb house price growth during 2017.” Ed Conway (@EdConwaySky) House price inflation drops to 5.1pc in Feb - lowest annual rate in four years. Halifax figs: pic.twitter.com/WbhPJyn1Wk March 7, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.05am EST 04:05 These factory orders numbers are rather weaker than other German data, points out Bloomberg: Ifo’s business climate index improved in February amid strong activity in manufacturing and services, and unemployment continued to decline. And last week, we got very decent PMI figures suggesting that German factories were ‘humming’ in March.. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.54am EST 03:54 Even if you strip out orders for expensive transport equipment, German factories had a bad January: Frederik Ducrozet (@fwred) The German orders series you should be looking at (excluding big ticket items): a sharp correction, albeit a one-off? pic.twitter.com/ckm1EavP1W March 7, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.38am EST 03:38 German factory orders slide - what the experts say Financial analysts are concerned by the scale of the drop in German factory orders at the start of 2017. Carsten Brzeski at ING says the 7.4% slide is “almost unprecedented”, “Today’s disappointing data is also a good reminder that the German industry is having more problems returning to full speed than buoyant sentiment indicators have been suggesting”. Fred Ducrozet of Swiss bank Pictet points out that demand for large machinery and expensive equipment (known as capital goods) fell particularly rapidly Frederik Ducrozet (@fwred) Bad news: German factory orders plummeted by 7.4% MoM in January. Worse: domestic orders for capital goods -16.8% MoM (after +14.3%). March 7, 2017 Claus Vistesen of Pantheon says the figures are ‘horrible’, but doesn’t want to read too much into a single month’s data. Pantheon Macro (@PantheonMacro) Germany #FactoryOrders in January "Horrible, but too volatile in m/m guise to many any firm conclusions." @ClausVistesen #PantheonMacro March 7, 2017 Andreas Wallström of Nordea Markets provides more context: Andreas Wallström (@anwallstrom) Yet no signs of a global manufacturing upswing if we look at German and Swedish data. Order intakes in Germany down 7% m/m in January pic.twitter.com/areoaTPEov March 7, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.16am EST 03:16 German factory orders fall at fastest rate in eight years Germany’s manufacturing sector has suffered a surprisingly sharp fall in orders, raising concerns that its economy may not be as robust as thought. Orders for German factory goods plunged by 7.4% in January, compared to December. That’s much worse than the 2.5% drop which analysts expected. Sigma Squawk (@SigmaSquawk) German 'Factory Orders' slump in January; ;largest month-on-month decline since January 2009 . . . pic.twitter.com/VS5Yu95B0H March 7, 2017 The dropoff appears to have been driven by a decline in orders within Germany itself. This domestic demand fell by 10.5%. Foreign orders slid by 4.9% -- including a 7.8% fall in demand from the euro zone. That’s not a great signal for the euro area, which had shown signs of more robust growth recently. We shouldn’t read TOO much into one month’s data -- especially as the German factory orders report is notoriously volatile... Photograph: Bloomberg Germany’s finance ministry is urging calm, saying: “The weak start to the year should be manageable. Business confidence in manufacturing is significantly brighter than the long-term average, so that a revival in manufacturing can still be expected.” I’ll pull together more reaction now.... Updated at 3.44am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.56am EST 02:56 The agenda: UK retail sales slowdown Good morning, and welcome to our rolling coverage of the world economy, the financial markets, the eurozone and business. Consumer spending has been propping the UK economy up since last summer’s EU referendum. But there are now signs that the retail sector is feeling a chill. A new survey this morning shows that retail sales slid by 0.2% in the three months to February, compared with a year earlier. Non-food sales are dropping for the first time in five years, suggesting consumers are tightening their belts as the economy slows. Helen Dickinson of the British Retail Consortium, which compiled the report, warns: “Tougher times are expected ahead. The impact of inflation on consumer spending will add further intensity to an already fiercely competitive environment in which the ability to adapt and innovate will be key to survival.” Faced with slowing sales, retailers are now pleading with the government to rethink its business rates changes - perhaps as soon as in tomorrow’s Budget? Retailers urge business rates rethink as high street spending slides Read more Also coming up today..... We get a new healthcheck on the global economy at 10am GMT, with the latest forecasts from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The car industry has flocked to Geneva for the annual Motor Show, where they’ll be showing off new models and concept cars. Closer to home, Vauxhall car workers will be thinking about the future after being sold by General Motors yesterday. PSA Group, their new owners, has promised that job cuts aren’t inevitable. But although Vauxhall’s two UK plants are relatively efficient, they could still lose out. My colleague Graham Ruddick explains: Vauxhall’s factories in Ellesmere Port and Luton will have to battle with Peugeot, Citroën, and Opel plants across Europe to win the right to produce vehicles beyond 2021. The future of Vauxhall’s sites is secure until then because PSA Group, which has bought Vauxhall and Opel from General Motors, has pledged to recognise existing production commitments. Ellesmere Port is scheduled to produce the Astra until 2021 while Luton will make the Vivaro van until 2025. However, PSA will have to make a decision on where to produce the next-generation Astra from 2021 as early as next year, and Ellesmere Port faces a significant challenge to win the work and secure its survival.... More here: Vauxhall's Luton and Ellesmere Port factories will face battle after 2021 Read more European stock markets are expected to rally a little, pushing the FTSE 100 back towards last week’s record highs. On the corporate news front, bookmaker Paddy Power, online food delivery form Just Eat and insurance firm Direct Line are reporting results. And Halifax are scheduled to release their latest UK house price figures, at 8.30am GMT. We’ll be tracking all the main events through the day... Updated at 3.11am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Eurozone Business live OECD Stock markets Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Eurozone back to top US world science politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines Google to add more languages to AI translation system 2017/03/07 16:21 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, March 7 (Yonhap) -- Google Inc. said Tuesday that it will add more languages to its new artificial intelligence (AI) translation system and significantly improve quality and reduce errors of services offered. In November, the U.S. Internet giant announced that Google Translate has been switched to a new system called Neural Machine Translation (NMT), an end-to-end learning framework that learns from millions of examples. "Over the next couple of weeks, these improvements are coming to Google Translate in many more languages, starting right now with Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese," Barak Turovsky, who is responsible for product management for Google Translate, said in a release. The service, which translates entire sentences rather than just phrases, is currently available in English to French and seven other languages. The others are German, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Turkish. "Neural translation is a lot better than our previous technology, because we translate whole sentences at a time, instead of pieces of a sentence," he said. The multilingual system is based on machine learning that provides computers with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed. Previous systems translated words and phrases independently within a sentence. Google has become one of the leading providers of an AI-based translation platform by becoming the first to introduce the NMT system. Last month, Google scored higher than its rival AI machines in a translation battle between humans and machines held in South Korea. A group of four professional translators competed against three AI-powered programs provided by Google, South Korea's top Internet provider Naver Inc. and leading automated interpretation company Systran International. khj@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Can N. Korean footballer join Serie A amid sanctions? Will K-pop also fall victim to China's Korean product ban? Chinese goods flex more muscle in S. Korea Diplomatic row over THAAD hurts Chinese market for hallyu stars New chart rule prompts K-pop stars to rethink releases (News Focus) Murky clouds hang over Lotte after THAAD land swap Commercial act revision, a necessary change or risky revenge? S. Korea's tourism faces tough time amid rising complaints News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Gwangju Performance Project promises ‘seductive’ cabaret The Korea Herald > Business > Technology Google to add more languages to AI translation system   Published : 2017-03-07 16:37 Updated : 2017-03-07 16:37 Google Inc. said Tuesday that it will add more languages to its new artificial intelligence translation system and significantly improve quality and reduce errors of services offered. In November, the US Internet giant announced that Google Translate has been switched to a new system called Neural Machine Translation, an end-to-end learning framework that learns from millions of examples.  A person trying out Google Translate on his smartphone (Yonhap)"Over the next couple of weeks, these improvements are coming to Google Translate in many more languages, starting right now with Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese," Barak Turovsky, who is responsible for product management for Google Translate, said in a release. The service, which translates entire sentences rather than just phrases, is currently available in English to French and seven other languages. The others are German, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Turkish. "Neural translation is a lot better than our previous technology, because we translate whole sentences at a time, instead of pieces of a sentence," he said. The multilingual system is based on machine learning that provides computers with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed. Previous systems translated words and phrases independently within a sentence. Google has become one of the leading providers of an AI-based translation platform by becoming the first to introduce the NMT system. Last month, Google scored higher than its rival AI machines in a translation battle between humans and machines held in South Korea. A group of four professional translators competed against three AI-powered programs provided by Google, South Korea's top Internet provider Naver Inc. and leading automated interpretation company Systran International. (Yonhap) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Gwangju Performance Project ... 2. Registrations open for Ulsan... 3. Choi makes constitutional ch... 4. Korea begins THAAD deploymen... 5. Foreign stock ownership hits... 6. New Shinhan Bank CEO emphasi... 7. Surprise deployment of THAA... 8. Book purchases hit record l... 9. Prosecutors wrap up probe in... 10. BAT seals CBA negotiation wi... 1. US begins process to deploy ... 2. Samsung Galaxy S8 revealed t... 3. Korea drops to Israel in WBC... 4. Double shock 5. Counsel finds Park colluded ... 6. SK Hynix may join hands with... 7. Korea considers bringing Chi... 8. Haebangchon: Home to artist... 9. NK fires 4 ballistic missile... 10. N. Korea slaps temporary exi... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Antitrust probe launched against Google in Turkey Antitrust probe launched against Google in Turkey Source : Last Updated: Tue, Mar 07, 2017 11:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print New York, March 7 (IANS) American multinational tech company Google faces a regulatory scrutiny in Turkey after officials launched an antitrust investigation on the companys Android operating system, a media report said. The investigation, prompted by a complaint from Google's Russian competitor Yandex, was launched to find out whether the tech giant's software has broken the country's antitrust rules, New York Times reported. Google has been accused that its software bundle in Android creates an unfair advantage against its competitors. The investigation in Turkey was the latest legal problem for Google, which faces three separate competition charges in Europe and has already been found to breach antitrust legislation in Russia, the report said. The investigation by Turkish officials is similar to the one by the European Commission regarding Google's alleged abuse of its dominant position with Android, which runs on 75 per cent of smartphones worldwide, to unfairly gain market share. Google has rejected these claims and argued that the European regulators did not properly factor in consideration the fragmentation of Android as it gets modified by developers. --IANS sku/in/vm SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features 'Sahayak' soldier found dead Go to Pakistan! And the Oscar goes to... ISRO's tribute to foreign media Are F-16s a good choice for the Indian Air Force? About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
LOG IN SIGN UP WEDDING BLOGS All Wedding Blogs Engagement Stories Bridal Style Planning Ceremony Reception Honeymoon Recaps Relationships BOARDS All Boards Wedding Related Life, Love & Marriage Nesting Month Twins Local GALLERY All Galleries Rings Wedding Dresses Invitations Makeup Flowers Cake DIY Recaps WEDDING PLANNING All Wedding Planning Ceremony & Reception Invitations & Paper Goods Pre-Wedding Events Honeymoon DIY Projects LOVE & MARRIAGE All Love & Marriage Dating Engagement Married Life Pregnancy & Kids Advice STYLE & BEAUTY All Style & Beauty Wedding Dresses Wedding Party & Family Rings Hair & Makeup Jewelry & Accessories Health & Fitness REGISTRY CLASSIFIEDS VENDOR REVIEWS Log in | Sign Up Open search box Weddingbee More More Wedding Blogs | All Wedding Blogs Engagement Stories Bridal Style Planning Ceremony Reception Honeymoon Recaps Relationships Boards | All Boards Wedding Related Life, Love & Marriage Nesting Month Twins Local Gallery | All Galleries Rings Wedding Dresses Invitations Makeup Flowers Cake DIY Recaps Wedding Planning | All Wedding Planning Ceremony & Reception Invitations & Paper Goods Pre-Wedding Events Honeymoon DIY Projects Love & Marriage | All Love & Marriage Dating Engagement Married Life Pregnancy & Kids Advice Style & Beauty | All Style & Beauty Wedding Dresses Wedding Party & Family Rings Hair & Makeup Jewelry & Accessories Health & Fitness Registry | Classifieds | Vendor Reviews Sign In Login with Facebook Remember me Forgot your Password? Sign In Don’t have an account? Sign Up for Weddingbee Don’t have an account? Sign Up for Weddingbee Close We Created a Wedding Wishlist with Wayfair by Staff Writer Google “online wedding registry” and you will end up slogging through page after page of offers from every major retailer brand you can imagine. With so many options, the pressure to offer something better is on. A relative newcomer to the game, Wayfair only launched their registry section back in 2016. However, less than a year later, they have already established themselves as a fierce competitor to brands like Zola and Blueprint. We decided to test drive Wayfair’s registry for ourselves to see just how they’ve managed to do it. In the Beginning From the outset, it was obvious that one of Wayfair’s strengths was its clean and user-friendly design. The link to the registry section on the site’s main page was a cinch to find, and when we were directed to the registry landing page itself, we were immediately prompted with three boxes titled “create,” “manage,” and “find”—the trifecta of basic access. This made it not only easy for us to start out as a married couple, but also as a guest. Wedding planning itself is enough of a hassle, so it was good to see that a registry doesn’t have to be. The registry profiles themselves are streamlined yet still filled with charming customizable features. Add your own profile picture and banner, name your registry, or even create your own personal hashtag—it’s all right there and easy for you to use and everyone else to see. The only catch? You do have to manually make your registry public for your guests when you’re done, so don’t forget! Getting What You Want Once your profile is set, all you have to do is scroll down to start browsing for what you want. Although Wayfair has not followed other brands by adding honeymoon and cash options to their site, their registry does not suffer for it. The product offerings are extensive, curated into collections based on room, style, hobby, personality, and just about anything else you can imagine. Are you a morning person? There’s a collection for you. A baker? You don’t have to sort through a generic kitchen section to find what you want. And you’ll never have to worry about figuring out what “rustic” really means—Wayfair’s style collections feature similar dinnerware settings as examples for each so you can directly compare the style profiles with one another. We’re no strangers to online shopping at Weddingbee, and yet, browsing through Wayfair’s offerings was still one of the smoothest experiences we’ve had. Clicking a collection brings you to a normal shop-type page, laying out all the items for you in that collection. Some general collections, such as “grill tools and cookware” will oddly take you out of the registry part of the site and into the general Wayfair listings, but don’t worry, you can still add items to your registry from here and it’s easy to get back. Our favorite feature, and one your guests will also probably like you to consider closely, is the “similar items” section that pops up each time you click an item in the registry listings for more details. Ten related items will appear with both ratings and prices displayed underneath. So, while you might really want that $80 paper towel holder, Wayfair allows you to take a second to consider a similar, cheaper option because it is what your guests are much more likely to buy. Modifying Your Registry Now that you have requested everything but the kitchen sink (only because Wayfair doesn’t sell those), you can communicate with your guests without calling, texting, or e-mailing over every item! Couples have ability to mark each product as “most wanted,” “fulfilled,” or as a “group gift” so everyone knows how best to navigate your seemingly endless list of items. They can even search using these options, showing only most wanted items, for example, so they don’t buy you that Dutch Oven you were randomly curious about and might never really use. You can also change quantities and colors and delete from here with ease, so never fear. Nothing you’ve already picked is set in stone. Guest Use Couples aren’t the only ones that will have an easy time with Wayfair’s registry. The same clean, straightforward user interface makes it really simple to browse, buy, and ship gifts (for free in most cases). When the registry is made public, an address is added, with the bonus option of writing in another address if you will be moving to a new home shortly after the wedding. This address will be available to all buyers for a shipping destination, so there’s no need to make sure everyone has your current one on hand. While the guests’ view shows most of the information they will need, we were disappointed to see that the product specs were not included. These details may not be particularly important to many wedding guests, but it means the couple will need to do a little extra to make sure every item is exactly what they want. No one will know if that couch is too big to fit in your home except you! Fortunately, this information is readily available for the couple in the item listing, so you don’t have to look far. Help Me! Above all else, Wayfair does its best as a site to provide the easiest experience possible for people getting ready to walk down the aisle. We’ve talked a lot about their simple, smooth interface, but they aren’t going to leave you up the river without a paddle if you’re stuck on what to get. The contact information for their registry specialists is displayed openly in several places throughout the site, and they even provide resources like editorial content and a curated registry checklist to help you find exactly what to ask for so you won’t regret it later. Sadly, our registry is not real, we are not #thebestcoupleever, and we will not be getting all these amazing gifts, but the experience left us with a good impression. It’s no surprise why the site has, in such a short time, come to be known as one of the places to go for a wedding registry. Their product selection is great, it’s super easy to create exactly the registry you want, and your guests will thank you for how easy it is to use from the other side. It’s true that Wayfair doesn’t have everything you might be looking for if you’re really into the idea of a free honeymoon, but what it does have is definitely worth checking out. PREVIOUS POST 6 High-End Items You Can (and Should) Add to Your Wedding Registry Related Posts 6 High-End Items You Can (and Should) Add to Your Wedding Registry02/20/17 @ 6:00 am What’s Your Wedding Registry Style?01/16/17 @ 5:00 am A Complete Wedding Registry Checklist01/04/17 @ 5:00 am 8 Nontraditional Items You Can (and Should) Register for01/19/17 @ 5:00 pm Tags: featured gifts registry Leave a comment! add a comment Click here to cancel reply.';">Cancel Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Start Slideshow StartSlideshow We Created a Wedding Wishlist with Wayfair Photo 1 of 12 Subscribe to our newsletter Email address Get our weekly roundup of the best of Weddingbee. I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Featured Stories Same-Sex Wedding Style: Coordinating Two Grooms Wedding Flowers: to DIY or Not to DIY? 3 Unconventional Wedding Registry Ideas in Lieu of Traditional Gifts Trending stories How the Sixes Became Mr. and Mrs.: Welcome Bags Adventures in Vow Writing How the Sixes Became Mr. and Mrs.: Bachelorette Shenanigans Find Amazing Vendors BandsBeauty & HealthCakesCateringCeremony MusicDJsDress & AttireEvent ProductionEvent Rentals & PhotoboothsFavors & GiftsFlowersInvitationsJewelryOfficiantPhotographyPlannerTransportationTravelVenuesVideographyUnique Services Zip code Simplest Details Weddings 1 2 3 4 5 2 Reviews Seraphim International - All Are Welcome! 1 2 3 4 5 3 Reviews Negroni Photo and Cinema, LLC 1 2 3 4 5 10 Reviews Weddingbee facebook twitter pin google+ instagram Weddingbee facebook twitter pin google+ instagram About Advertise Contact Cookie Policy Terms Community Guidelines FAQ Submit Your Wedding Become a Blogger Ideas Support About Weddingbee Advertise Become a Blogger FAQ Ideas Support Copyright 2004-2017, Weddingbee.com
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Uh, Google has some interesting thoughts on Obama plotting a coup – BGR Posted on March 6, 2017 by BGR As the debate surrounding the prevalence, scope and impact of fake news continues to rage on unabated, the latest tech company being accused of passively enabling misinformation to spread far and wide is Google. In a fascinating post over at The … How Google’s lack of human curation spreads and monetizes fake newsAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Oops! Google caught spreading fake news over the weekendCNET Google’s fake news SnippetsBBC News Engadget -PC Magazine -Mac Rumors -Android Headlines all 59 news articles …read more wrote 27776 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Meet Sedric, Volkswagen’s Vision for Self-Driving Cars – Fortune Fitbit Alta HR, ‘World’s Slimmest Fitness Wristband With Heart Rate Sensor’, Launched at Rs. 14999 – NDTV Meet Fitbit Alta HR: ‘Slimmest Fitness Wristband’ With Heart Rate Sensor – Tech Times Nintendo Switch Joy-Cons Can Connect To Your PC, Mac, And Android – GameSpot The Sonos Playbase is a $700 speaker that sits under your TV – The Verge Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India Elections World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Android Nougat released to Verizon Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge; update for Galaxy S6, S6 edge delayed Android Nougat has been made available to Verizon subscribers owning Samsung Galaxy S7 and the S7 edge, while the update for the Galaxy S6 and the S6 edge has been deferred indefinitely. Rohit KVN   March 7, 2017 09:41 IST Android Nougat released to Verizon Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge; update for Galaxy S6, S6 edge delayedSamsung Newsroom After AT&T, rival network carrier Verizon Wireless rolled out the much awaited Android Nougat update to Samsung Galaxy S7 and the S7 edge. "Verizon Wireless is pleased to announce a software update for your device (Galaxy S7 & S7 edge). This software update has been tested to optimise device performance, resolve known issues and apply the latest security patches," the company said on its official customer help forum page. Also read: AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge finally get Android Nougat Verizon via OTA (Over-The-Air) has dispatched Google's new mobile OS v7.0, bearing build numbers G930VVRU4BQA2 and G935VVRU4BQA2, to the Galaxy S7 and the S7 edge, respectively. In addition to the customary Nougat features, security patches, and network performance enhancements, the phone-maker has incorporated its own features such as Samsung Cloud, Samsung Pass, device security updates, Always On Display, enhanced accessibility, lock screen customisation option to improve notifications on display, card dynamic adjustment of display size, revamped calendar app, new font option for titles so that it can be displayed in dominant upper case characters, option to use owner's image for the display, and newer clock styles. Read more: Android 7.0 Nougat released: 16 key upgrades of Google's new mobile OS update over Marshmallow Another add-on, which is the Performance Mode, lets users optimise their smartphones with four available modes -- Optimised mode (extends battery), Game mode (provides useful functions such as Game Launcher and Game Tools), Entertainment mode (enhances sound and image quality) and High-Performance mode (enables the highest quality display settings possible). How to install Android update on Verizon Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge: 1. Once you get the update notification on the phone's screen, select "Yes, I'm in." 2. After the software is downloaded, select "Install now." 3. After the software is installed, your phone will re-start automatically. 4. Your phone is now updated. Since the OTA roll-out process is being carried out in phases, it will take several weeks to reach all the corners of the country. Until then, device owners can check for updates manually by going to Settings >> About Phone >> System Updates >> check for the new firmware. In a related development, Samsung has reportedly delayed the release of Android Nougat to former flagship phones Galaxy S6 and the S6 edge. Samsung UK, in a reply (via Twitter) to Galaxy S6 series owners, has revealed that the company needs more time to optimise the Android Nougat to meet the required quality standard. It also declined to give any timeline on when Samsung will release the Nougat update to the 2015-series phones. @harri_ashley The software update for the Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge has been delayed while we review its quality. 1/3— Samsung UK (@SamsungUK) February 27, 2017 Samsung delays Android Nougat release for Galaxy S6 and the S6 edgeSamsung UK (@SamsungUK) via Twitter As far as Samsung's other 2015 edition flagship phone Galaxy Note 5 is concerned, it is expected to receive the new software soon. Read more: Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Android Nougat update roll-out imminent Watch this space for latest news on Samsung and Android Nougat release schedule. Related LG confirms to release Android Nougat to V10 and G4 series 2017-edition Samsun Galaxy A7, A5 series launched in India; all you need to know Android Nougat test goes live for Moto G4 series in US Also read Android Nougat released to Lenovo Moto Z Play in more regions Huawei launches Honor 6X Android Nougat beta testing in US Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Selfie after every wicket! Reactions as BCCI and Oppo Mobiles strike sponsorship deal 1 hour ago By Sayantan Maitra Here's why Netflix needs to think well out of the box to win in India! 1 hour ago By Kukil Bora Editor's Pick Ancient Mars might have been submerged in water and supported life New Coca-Cola ad has a brother and sister fighting for the same guy...but who wins? Why advertise with us? most popular New update brings Auto White Balance option to Google Photos app Prior to the new update to Googe Photos app, users had limited setting options such as exposure, saturation, and contrast, now, with the new update, they will get Auto White Balance option to manage colour accuracy of the image taken on phone's camera. Apple launches new iPhone 6 (2017) with 32GB storage The new Apple iPhone 6 (2017) model with 32GB storage option is available in China, Taiwan, and India (via Amazon with Rs. 28,999 price-tag), as well. 2017-edition Samsun Galaxy A7, A5 series launched in India; all you need to know Samsung's new 2017-edition Galaxy A7 and the Galaxy A5 come with many Galaxy S7 features including IP68 certifications, Samsung Pay and more. US military probes Facebook group of naked female Marines The Facebook group called "Marines United" was originally founded in 2015, and it includes male members from US Marines, Navy Corpsmen and British Royal Marines. OPPO 5x Dual Camera Zoom Review: New technology that zooms and captures details OPPO unveiled the 5x Dual Camera Zoom at MWC 2017 and here's how OPPO's new camera technology works in real world scenario. MWC-like Indian Mobile Congress set to debut this year Indian Mobile Congress (IMC), on the lines of MWC 2017, is the brainchild of Department of Telecom (DoT), the Ministry of Electronics and IT and Cellular Operators Association of India. Nokia 5, 3, Nokia 3310 put up for pre-order in Europe Netherlands-based e-commerce portal Belsimpel has listed two of the three Nokia Android phones -- Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3 -- on its site for €189 and €139, respectively. LG confirms to release Android Nougat to V10 and G4 series LG has decided to release Android Nougat to LG V10 and the G4 series later this year, but the company has warned owners to update their devices at their own risk. Photo Gallery Happy Women's Day 2017: Best Quotes, Messages, Wishes, Greetings to send your dear ones Happy Women's Day 2017: Best Quotes, Messages, Wishes, Greetings to send your dear ones AR Rahman launches Lake of Fire audio AR Rahman launches the audio of 'Lake of Fire' by Omantra Films in association with Qutub-e-Kirpaa at KM College of Music and Technology. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Tuesday, March 07, 2017. Adar 9, 5777 Time in Israel: 11:40 AM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science Year in Review 2016 U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business   >   Tech Nation TechNation: Hot Mobile Offers Three-year Price Freeze on Some Service Plans Waze exec lowers expectations of carpooling feature | Israeli startup Hibob to collaborate with British insurance giant Aviva | U.S.-Israeli firm Zimperium raises $15 million from SoftBank of Japan TheMarker Mar 07, 2017 12:21 AM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon A HOT Mobile service center in Tel Aviv. Reuven Schneider Tech Nation: Israel's Tech sector irked by new rules on work visas TechNation: iAngels raises $15 million for startup investments TechNation: Israel's Corephotonics raises $15 million for cellphone-camera technology Hot Mobile offers three-year price freeze on some service plans Hot Mobile announced on Monday that it will be offering customers a three-year price guarantee on three cellular service plans even though customers have no obligation under Israeli consumer law to remain on the plans for the entire duration. One Hot package offers a guaranteed 39 shekel ($10.60) monthly charge for a calling plan that includes 7GB of data. International calls are extra. A second plan for 49 shekels offers 12 GB of data and 500 minutes of international calling to select destinations, while the third, for 65 shekels a month, provides 100 GB of data and 1,000 monthly minutes of international calls. The promotion will continue throughout the month of March. Hot Mobile’s move is an effort to increase its market share. Most of the company’s competitors offer promotional pricing that is guaranteed for the first year, after which the price can jump substantially. Golan Telecom and the smaller Telzar firm are currently offering two-year plans. (Amitai Ziv) Waze exec lowers expectations of carpooling feature  Noam Bardin, the CEO and one of the founders of Waze, the Israeli-developed GPS and traffic navigation app, is lowering expectations regarding the success of the app’s carpooling feature that has been offered over past year to commuters in Israel and California. Bardin, whose company was sold to Google, is now also a vice president of Google. He dampened the outlook for the carpooling feature in comments last week in which he said people will need to leave their comfort zone a little if carpooling is to take off, but added that it would alleviate traffic jams if just a small portion of motorists opted for ridesharing. The Waze app is based on a crowdsourcing model. The carpooling feature matches users with similar commuting routes to ride together, and the driver has the option of requiring the passengers to chip in for travel expenses. If the service takes off, Waze is planning to charge a 15% commission for the fees that the driver earns. The Moovit app also offers a carpooling app. (Oren Dori) Israeli startup Hibob to collaborate with British insurance giant Aviva Hibob, an Israeli startup that develops digital systems for use in human resources and employee pension management, has signed a cooperation agreement with the major British insurance firm Aviva through which Hibob will provide assistance to small and medium-sized businesses on how to make use of Aviva’s pension insurance programs. Hibob, which offers personnel management products for companies with up to 300 employees, was founded in 2015 by four entrepreneurs including its CEO, Ronni Zehavi, who previously established Cotendo, which in 2012 was sold to Akamai for $300 million. Hibob, which has raised $7.5 million, has a staff of 50, thirty of whom are based in Israel; the others are in London. About half a year ago, Lady Barbara Judge, the former chairwoman of the U.K.’s Pension Protection Fund, became the board chairwoman of Hibob. Britain is Hibob’s primary market. Aviva has 33 million customers in 16 countries. (Eliran Rubin) U.S.-Israeli firm Zimperium raises $15 million from SoftBank of Japan The U.S.-Israeli firm Zimperium, which provides information security solutions for smartphones has raised $15 million in its latest funding round, its fourth. The latest funds, which bring the company’s total funding to $60 million, came from Japan’s SoftBank, which has other Israel-related investments as well. In June, Zimperium raised $25 million. The company, which has about 70 employees, was founded in 2010 by Israelis Zuk Avraham, the company chairman and chief technology officer, and Elia Yehuda. Zimperium made headlines in 2015 when it identified one of the largest smartphone security breaches in history threatening most Android phones around the world. The company, which has its headquarters in San Francisco and its development center in Tel Aviv, sells smartphone security software to businesses at $3 to $10 per month per license. (Amitai Ziv) TheMarker TheMarker Send me email alerts for new articles by TheMarker Send Close Email * Please enter your email TheMarker For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by TheMarker Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Trending Now Israel's Travel Ban: Bars Entry to Foreigners Who Call for Boycott of Settlements Over His Head 5 Unintended Consequences for Putin's Meddling With Trump World Baseball Classic: Israel Defeats Taiwan, Continuing Cinderella Run In Unprecedented Move, U.S. Conservative Movement Allows non-Jewish Members Israel economy Israel high-tech Israel business news Phone Call From Trump Interrupts Police Questioning of Netanyahu By Barak Ravid15 hours ago This is a primium article 2 comments 2 Ten Ways Trump Has Already Made America - and the World - Great Again By Chemi Shalev22 hours ago This is a primium article 14 comments 14 'How Would Israelis Feel if Another Country Barred Them for Advocating Settlements?' By Allison Kaplan Sommer13 hours ago 6 comments 6 Spectacular Historic Aerial Shots of Pre-state Israel Revealed By Dr. Gil Weissblei, National Libraryyesterday 22 comments 22 U.S. Official Tells Haaretz: Trump Expects Israel to Act Reasonably on Palestinian Issue By Barak Ravid16 hours ago This is a primium article 2 comments 2 Promoted content When Nikki Haley Compared Israel to Iran, Syria and North Korea By Odeh Bisharatyesterday This is a primium article This article contains a video 5 comments 5 Hackers From Russia Reportedly Extorting Money From Liberal U.S. Groups By Haaretz17 hours ago Defense Chief: U.S. Warned of 'Immediate Crisis' With Trump if Israel Annexed West Bank By Jonathan Lis17 hours ago 8 comments 8 Get our top Business and Finance stories directly to your inbox – every week. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Security & Aviation Saudis Head to Lebanese Ski Slopes but It's Hezbollah on the Slide Iran Tests Advanced Russian-made Air Defense System How Syria Is Changing the Balance of Power in the Middle East Analysis Can Israel Beat Hamas and Hezbollah? skip - Subscribe element skip - ICYMI Scroll back 10 Ways Trump Has Already Made America - and the World - Great Again WATCH Israeli TV Host Implores Israelis: Wake Up and Smell the Apartheid Spectacular Historic Aerial Shots of Pre-state Israel Revealed 3 Nonsensical Claims Made While U.S. Jewry Is Under Attack Trump Suggests anti-Semitic Incidents Could Be False Flags by Jews Bernie Sanders' Speech on Israel, Trump and anti-Semitism at J Street Conference CNN's Jake Tapper Burns Sean Spicer With Birther Quip on Twitter How Syria Is Changing the Balance of Power in the Middle East Muslim-led Campaign to Fix Jewish Cemetery Triples Goal in a Day Fluid Gender, Rigid World: How a Hasidic Rabbi Came Out as Trans Woman The Rise and Fall of the Alt-right Darling Women 'Furious' as Ikea Sticks With All-male Catalog in Israel How Jake Tapper Turned Into Trump’s Worst Nightmare Yes, Donald Trump IS an anti-Semite Trump Makes Up Non-existent Terror Attack in Sweden Why You Need to See the Israeli Thriller Picked Up by Netflix Trump Snaps at Jewish Reporter Who Asks How He'll Tackle anti-Semitism I Was Detained at Israel's Airport. This Is My Warning to U.S. Jews U.S. Mistakenly Plays Nazi Germany Anthem at Tennis Cup Game Sleepovers to Speaking Fees: Netanyahu's Close Ties to the Kushners Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Love Quotes - LifeHacks Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ חדשות גלריה מתכונים לפורים ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - default close skip - skip - skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 403 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets BREAKING NEWS: President Rody Duterte will sign Executive Order on Nationwide Smoking Ban tomorrow, March 7, says DA Sec. Piñol. #duterte 19 hours ago RT @janethadiraf: @JaDineMidEast @etalent_intl @KabayanWeeklyAE @VIVALiveinc Aabangan ko to! #KCAPinoyStar #NadineLustre 19 hours ago RT @JaDineMidEast: Thanks @kabayanweeklyuae SleeplessNights ForNadine #KCAPinoyStar #NadineLustre https://t.co/1QrRCZsF5A 19 hours ago News: Duterte challenges KORs to push for federalism. Read the full article on our latest issue… https://t.co/bHGgxMSIbS 2 days ago News: JaDine return for Dubai Tour. Read the full article on our latest issue of newspaper… https://t.co/gYmqqKjgWc 2 days ago Yasay meets Dubai ruler March 5, 2017 193 ARMAND ZARRIS MANAPAT March 5, 2017 341 Duterte challenges KORs to push for federalism March 3, 2017 312 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Most Popular Yasay meets Dubai ruler ARMAND ZARRIS MANAPAT Duterte challenges KORs to push for federalism Senate strips Liberal Party senators of posts Aquino to LP: Time for party voice to be heard DFA to appeal death row Pinay’s case Senator wants tokhang back Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Yasay meets Dubai ruler ARMAND ZARRIS MANAPAT Duterte challenges KORs to push for federalism Senate strips Liberal Party senators of posts Aquino to LP: Time for party voice to be heard DFA to appeal death row Pinay’s case Senator wants tokhang back Latest News Fil Expat NewsYasay meets Dubai ruler FeatureARMAND ZARRIS MANAPAT NEWSDuterte challenges KORs to push for federalism NEWSSenate strips Liberal Party senators of posts NEWSAquino to LP: Time for party voice to be heard NEWSDFA to appeal death row Pinay’s case NEWSSenator wants tokhang back ENTERTAINMENTJaDine return for Dubai Tour Filipino AchieverDr.Rex Venard D. Bacarra EditorialFailure to launch Google creates highly accurate lip-reading software Ryan Thomas Namia December 4, 2016 12:45 pm TECHNOLOGY 627 0 DUBAI – Researchers from Google’s AI division DeepMind and the University of Oxford have collaborated and used artificial intelligence to make the most accurate lip-reading software to date. According to a report by cbronline.com, the AI system, which was trained using almost 5,000 hours of TV footage from the BBC, contained a total of 118,000 sentences from the videos. The key contributions include a “Watch, Listen, Attend and Spell” (WLAS), a network that learns to transcribe videos of mouth motion to characters. In an article published by arix.org, the goal of the work was to recognize phrases and sentences uttered by a talking face, with or without the audio. DeepMind stated that unlike previous works that have focused on recognizing a limited number of words or phrases, they tackle lip reading as an open-world problem – unconstrained natural language sentences, and in the wild videos. The same media report added that the AI was trained on shows which aired during the period between January 2010 and December 2015, and later tested its performance on programs between March and September of this year. The lip reader was only able to decipher less than one-quarter of the spoken words, whilst the WLAS model was able to decipher half of the spoken words. Based on the report, citing the News Scientist, Ziheng Zhou at the University of Oulu, Finland, said that it was a big step for developing fully automatic lip-reading systems. “Without the huge dataset, it’s very difficult for us to verify new technologies like deep learning,” he added. In its summary, the architecture of the WLAS model surpassed the performance of all previous work on standard lip reading benchmark datasets, and demonstrated that visual information helps to improve speech recognition performance even when audio is used.  Facebook Comments Website Comments mike tyson March 6th, 2017 Reply z1SL9Y Really appreciate you sharing this article.Thanks Again. rasen schneiden March 6th, 2017 Reply A big thank you for your blog article.Really looking forward to read more. Fantastic. Alice March 6th, 2017 Reply Very informative blog post.Much thanks again. Really Cool. Iphone_6S March 7th, 2017 Reply Thanks for the article post.Really looking forward to read more. Awesome. ethnicity March 7th, 2017 Reply very nice put up, i certainly love this web site, keep on it personal classifieds March 7th, 2017 Reply This awesome blog is no doubt educating additionally factual. I have found a lot of useful stuff out of this amazing blog. I ad love to return over and over again. Thanks a bunch! check my blog March 7th, 2017 Reply site style is wonderful, the articles is really excellent : Hudson valley acoustic March 7th, 2017 Reply subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. stock market quotes google March 7th, 2017 Reply I think this is a real great blog article. Really Great. top tsx stocks 2016 March 7th, 2017 Reply you customize it your self? Either way stay up the nice quality writing, it as uncommon to see a great blog like this getting into property investment March 7th, 2017 Reply topic of unpredicted feelings. Feel free to surf to my web blog; how to Get rid Of dark Circles POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 403 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets BREAKING NEWS: President Rody Duterte will sign Executive Order on Nationwide Smoking Ban tomorrow, March 7, says DA Sec. Piñol. #duterte 19 hours ago RT @janethadiraf: @JaDineMidEast @etalent_intl @KabayanWeeklyAE @VIVALiveinc Aabangan ko to! #KCAPinoyStar #NadineLustre 19 hours ago RT @JaDineMidEast: Thanks @kabayanweeklyuae SleeplessNights ForNadine #KCAPinoyStar #NadineLustre https://t.co/1QrRCZsF5A 19 hours ago News: Duterte challenges KORs to push for federalism. Read the full article on our latest issue… https://t.co/bHGgxMSIbS 2 days ago News: JaDine return for Dubai Tour. Read the full article on our latest issue of newspaper… https://t.co/gYmqqKjgWc 2 days ago Yasay meets Dubai ruler March 5, 2017 193 ARMAND ZARRIS MANAPAT March 5, 2017 341 Duterte challenges KORs to push for federalism March 3, 2017 312 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Pixel 2 Rumored To Ditch Headphone Jack By Tyler Lee on 03/06/2017 19:09 PST Apple is not the first company to officially ditch the headphone jack on their phones, although they were pretty much the first company that was rumored to do so. However it seems that this isn’t a trend that we’re seeing being picked up by many OEMs as there are still plenty of handsets out there with their headphone jacks intact. However it seems that in 2017, Google could be hopping onboard because according to a report from 9to5Google, it seems that Google could be thinking of ditching the headphone jack with the 2017 Pixel handset. This is apparently based on documentation shared with them by a source, and while they can’t share the documentation without revealing their source, it seems that the language used seemed to suggest that this could be the case. What this means is that if it is true, Google will use the USB-C port on the phone to connect headphones with, or recommend that users purchase Bluetooth headphones. At the moment there aren’t too many USB-C/Lightning connector headphones available, so Bluetooth is still probably the best bet if you want to charge your phone and listen to music at the same time. That being said, we have been hearing rumors about this year’s Pixel phone and how it is expected to be a “premium device”. The specs are unclear so we guess for now, ditching the headphone jack will be one of the phone’s rumored “features”. Filed in Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Google and Pixel. Related Articles 2017-03-05 Budget Android Phone Rumored To Be Worked On By The Pixel Team 2017-03-05 2017 Google Pixel Phone Will Be A Premium Device 2017-03-04 Google Photos Will Now Automatically Correct White Balance In Photos 2017-03-03 Google Assistant Could Be Coming To iOS Devices 2017-02-28 Google Hits The Brakes On Future Pixel-Branded Laptops 2017-02-23 New Bug Randomly Disconnects Bluetooth On The Pixel/Pixel XL 2017-02-19 Google Seeking Design Feedback Possibly For The Pixel 2 2017-02-08 Google Pixel Audio Distortion Fixed In February’s Security Patch Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with the best skins for the Google Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate LG Watch Style Review: Android Wear for those who want the basics done well [Video] Trending in Google Corporate LG Watch Sport Review: Android Wear 2.0 arrives on hardware that tries to do it all [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Yesterday GOOG: 827.78 -1.30 Would having no headphone jack on the Google Pixel 2 be a dealbreaker? [Poll] Justin Duino - Mar. 6th 2017 6:16 pm PT @jaduino Android Google Google Pixel poll View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Removing 3.5mm headphone jacks has been a bit of a trend with flagship devices on the market, but now it seems there’s a possibility that Google could also be ditching the jack with the next-generation Pixel. The big question about this rumor is obvious: Would you still consider purchasing the “Pixel 2” if it didn’t have a headphone jack? One of the first major OEMs to remove the headphone jack was Lenovo with the release of the Moto Z and Moto Z Force. While many didn’t pay attention to those phones, some tech enthusiasts were surprised (and you could say very upset) when rumors started circulating that Apple would remove the port from the then-upcoming (and very mainstream) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. When Google unveiled the Pixel and Pixel XL, the company semi-openly mocked Apple for removing the 3.5mm port. The Pixel having a way for users to use wired headphones without a dongle was a selling point, but now that Google is looking forward and designing its next flagship, the headphone jack just might just be going by the wayside. So what do you think? Would you still purchase the Pixel 2 if it didn’t have a headphone jack? Answer the poll below and let us know your thoughts in the comments! Take Our Poll Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Logitech MX Master Mouse Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Articles Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Off topic › Dynamic pricing Rikkitic 3925 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1666 Subscriber Topic # 208980 7-Mar-2017 15:23 2 people support this post Maybe I'm slow off the mark but I just now, for the first time, heard of something called 'dynamic pricing'. Apparently it started with the airline industry but is now, thanks to Google, supposed to be common for much on-line advertising. What it means is that your interests are tracked and when you click on an ad, the price you see depends on how badly the advertiser thinks you want it. If your interest is assessed as high, you will see a higher price than your more casually clicking neighbour.   I have an intense dislike of all advertising so I never see any at all since I go out of my way to avoid it. I have ad blockers and a javascript switch and I never use any Google services, for example. This kind of greedy BS just reaffirms my aversion.    The other day, I saw a post from someone on the Geekzone ads thread who said he actually appreciated advertising and often bought things. Guess what, sucker? Your clicks are costing you money. This kind of behaviour is why I am convinced most on-line advertisers are mean-spirited privacy-violating dishonest scum who will use any trick at their disposal to suck money from their victims. Some people are quick to say advertisers pay for all those wonderful Internet goodies we enjoy, but that is how the Internet started out anyway. Things were free, people enjoyed sharing their creations and knowledge, and there was a great spirit of camaraderie and being part of something special. No-one needed ads for that.             I reject your reality and substitute my own. - Adam Savage   mattwnz 11854 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1248   Reply # 1732611 7-Mar-2017 15:58 One person supports this post Dynamic pricing has been going on for years. It is only costing you money if you don't know the value of the item you are purchasing and don't shop around. I think Amazon may use this type of pricing for some things, as their prices can vary a lot. But many things such as Kindles are a fixed price.  Rikkitic 3925 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1666 Subscriber   Reply # 1732619 7-Mar-2017 16:09 It was news to me but as far as I can see, it is just another reason (there are very many) to ignore ads.     I reject your reality and substitute my own. - Adam Savage   mattwnz 11854 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1248   Reply # 1732622 7-Mar-2017 16:16 2 people support this post Rikkitic:   It was news to me but as far as I can see, it is just another reason (there are very many) to ignore ads.     Adverts though do pay for a lot of the internet. If people shop around they shouldn't have an issue, although some people don't. I would be far more worried about facebook and other social media TBA and some of the info that collects. Those innocent looking surveys for example, are collecting a lot of information about you. Apparently that is how Trump was able to target his message to certain groups IcI 182 posts Master Geek +1 received by user: 35 Trusted   Reply # 1732679 7-Mar-2017 18:32 @Rikkitic: ... for the first time, heard of something called 'dynamic pricing'. Apparently it started with the airline industry but is now, thanks to Google, supposed to be common for much on-line advertising.    It definitely has been going on for years. There previously was an uproar about retailers or hotel chains displaying higher prices for people visiting their website while using Apple devices. Apparently, iOS / OSX users would be more likely to pay higher prices. Uber has surge pricing where your desire to travel at peak times adds to the cost due to the high demand. Airlines allow you to choose a particular seat; at a cost that is. All of these are ways to extract another dollar based on your profile, interest & previous behaviour.       Google certainly is not the only or even major culprit of this. Google do have an option in their settings to not receive interest based ads. Just like Facebook though, you have to be a member of the system to be able to opt out. tdgeek 7291 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 936 Trusted   Reply # 1732680 7-Mar-2017 18:33 mattwnz:   Rikkitic:   It was news to me but as far as I can see, it is just another reason (there are very many) to ignore ads.     Adverts though do pay for a lot of the internet. If people shop around they shouldn't have an issue, although some people don't. I would be far more worried about facebook and other social media TBA and some of the info that collects. Those innocent looking surveys for example, are collecting a lot of information about you. Apparently that is how Trump was able to target his message to certain groups     I think the acid test is to cancel ALL advertising. I mean ALL. We all hate ads, but they are important. I'd like to see how many businesses would do, if there was zero advertising.    So, we have to accept, it, avoid it if we want, but if we turned off advertising our wares, thats a hard row to hoe. sbiddle 24455 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 4450 Moderator Trusted Biddle Corp Subscriber   Reply # 1732712 7-Mar-2017 19:31     Somebody wrote a bit piece in the MSM last year (NBR, NZ Herald or something similar) talking about dynamic pricing for airlines but made a complete idiot of themselves because they didn't actually understand how airline pricing works (fare buckets / booking classes etc). Some airlines (Easyjet being a classic example) actually refer to dynamic pricing in a very different way to you're describing. While it's still dynamic pricing - the dynamic pricing you're describing is truly dynamic and not related to demand - it's simply prices changing according to how much you really want something or your browsing habits. This isn't something that's commonplace in the airline world.   It's something I've come across a handful of times online, and is incredibly common with all the hotels in Vegas that are part of the Caesar's chain. Try browsing and booking a room on their site and you'll see pricing can dynamically change when you go back. Open up an in-private window or different browser and you'll find pricing drops again.     1eStar 1195 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 213   Reply # 1732741 7-Mar-2017 21:04 And if you go back to buy the cheapest fare you just saw on Airnz it's just gone up in price. But if you go back in incognito the good price is back. Lesson learned: never browse airfares while logged in. And in totally unrelated news, pricing geographically is a thing too, the price of domestic airfares vary wildly depending on which country you appear to be booking from. frankv 1478 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 655   Reply # 1732744 7-Mar-2017 21:09 One person supports this post mattwnz:   Rikkitic:   It was news to me but as far as I can see, it is just another reason (there are very many) to ignore ads.     Adverts though do pay for a lot of the internet.     If you say so. It seems impossible to me... in the end, the advertiser makes more money if they advertise than if they don't, otherwise they wouldn't advertise. But I just don't see how; surely there aren't that many people switching to Vodafone (to quote what the current ad is saying... I had to go and look) in response to their ad that it makes it worthwhile to pay much for those ads. I know it makes no difference to me. So how much does Vodafone actually pay for these mostly ineffective ads? In which case, how much of a particular site is funded by those annoying ads?   And can they *please* get smarter with their targeting? After Googling for things to do in San Francisco, I've booked a couple of things. So why the hell do they keep advertising back to me the things I already booked? Surely they must know that the odds of me booking yet another trip to Alcatraz in response to their ad must be vanishingly small?  And if I didn't book a "Hippie Tour to the Redwoords" the first 10 times they showed me the ad, I'm not going to now?     Kyanar 2902 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 413 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1732748 7-Mar-2017 21:22 1eStar: And if you go back to buy the cheapest fare you just saw on Airnz it's just gone up in price. But if you go back in incognito the good price is back.   Air NZ doesn't actually do that - in fact no airline I've encountered ever does. What you see is a consequence of fare buckets and booking classes. Exactly what sbiddle said, your misunderstanding made you look just as silly as the media looked with that article.   Generally there will be a pile of booking classes. Economy will be F (Grabaseat) followed by Y, X, U, N, as an example. All of these will cost a differing amount (and award a differing amount of status credits and reward points) and be limited in availability. There won't be as many cheaper fares and there will be more of the expensive fares. As time progresses and demand needs are calculated, the booking systems will reallocate the remaining economy seats among the booking classes to maximise seat utilisation. sbiddle 24455 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 4450 Moderator Trusted Biddle Corp Subscriber   Reply # 1732760 7-Mar-2017 21:39 1eStar: And if you go back to buy the cheapest fare you just saw on Airnz it's just gone up in price. But if you go back in incognito the good price is back. Lesson learned: never browse airfares while logged in. And in totally unrelated news, pricing geographically is a thing too, the price of domestic airfares vary wildly depending on which country you appear to be booking from.   As somebody who books 50+ Air NZ flights a year I have never seen a single piece of evidence that they operate any form of dynamic pricing in the way you're suggesting. If you have documented proof of this I'd be incredibly keen to see this.   Dynamic pricing (based on cookies etc) is very hard to build into an airline model based around GDS access. Airline pricing is an open system accessible from multiple GDS endpoints as well as the airline booking engines themselves. Yes dynamic pricing happens (only certain fare classes are available on certain flights & cheap fare classes are not necessarily available at busy times) but it simply does not operate in the way you're suggesting.   If you see the price of a fare has gone up it'll be because that booking class is no longer available. Proof of that can be viewed by using apps with direct GDS access to validate the real-time availability of booking classes and fares such as Expert Flyer or KVS tool. Geographic pricing is certainly a thing in the airline business, but not always in the way it seems. Try and book a NZ domestic fare from another NZ site (such as the US one) and you'll see pricing is higher because you can't book a seat only fare from outside NZ.   All of this is very, very, very different to real time dynamic pricing that sets pricing based on cookies or ads you've viewed.     Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices News » Cell broadcast alerting on track for late 2017 Posted 7-Mar-2017 12:38 Journalists too mean to tech companies Posted 5-Mar-2017 08:42 Stats NZ takes lead on open data Posted 4-Mar-2017 18:57 Review: Lenovo ThinkPad E570 Posted 4-Mar-2017 12:08 Volvo XC60 to have new technology to prevent head-on collisions Posted 2-Mar-2017 18:54 OPPO unveils 5x dual-camera zoom for smartphones Posted 2-Mar-2017 18:44 Geekzone Live » Try automatic live updates from Geekzone directly in your browser, without refreshing the page, with Geekzone Live now. Updates » Are you subscribed to our RSS feed? You can download the latest headlines and summaries from our stories directly to your computer or smartphone by using a feed reader. Alternatively, you can receive a daily email with Geekzone updates. RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Geekzone software store Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
Buyer's Guide Jobs/Classifieds Subscribe About Us Advertise Contact Us RSS Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Trailer Body Builders Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Trailer Output Trailers Truck Bodies Trailer Dealers Distributors, Upfitters Chassis Equipment & Parts Aftermarket Parts Snow & Ice Trailer Components Truck Equipment Fabrication Market Stats Advertisement Home > Trailer Dealers > The tangled web of cyber-crime The tangled web of cyber-crime Computer experts dive into the dangers that can befall businesses that are not being proactive about protection Mar 6, 2017 Rick Weber | Trailer/Body Builders EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement The question is not, “Will my information be accessed or stolen?” It’s, “When will it be accessed or stolen?” In their presentation, “Easiest Catch: Don’t Be Another Fish in the Dark ‘Net,” Brian Hill and Mark Lanterman of Computer Forensic Services (CFS) provided realistic advice for cyber protection as they discussed recent high-profile cyber-crime events, including website breaches impacting retailers, banks, and government agencies. Hill, VP of corporate investigative services at CFS, said that when it comes to the Internet of Things—the interconnection via the Internet of computing devices embedded in everyday objects, enabling them to send and receive data—it all starts with the user. “Everything we do today is connected to the Internet,” he said. “While we gain convenience, we give up a lot of security. It’s trying to find that balance. Hey, you’ve got this product that allows you to do your job much easier, but now you have to look at, ‘What repercussions are we going to have?’ ” “These hackers like Rescator (who provides credit card numbers for a fee) and Zeus malware are going after easy targets—the people who are going to click on those links. It’s about making sure you reinforce your structure to make sure you’re not that weakest target. Make sure your employees aren’t that weakest target. Stay one step ahead.” Hill, illustrating his presentation with an overhead screen that showed his activity on the Internet, logged into the website of a windmill company. He started clicking to see what he could access. Within seconds, he had accessed a wind turbine and had full control of it. “Nowhere does it ask me for a user name or password,” he said. “We reached out to tell them they have vulnerabilities. They said, ‘We don’t want what you’re selling. Go away.’ We said, ‘We’re not trying to sell anything. We’re trying to help you secure your environment.’ ”   Hacking the water tower He then visited the website of a city, which he said had connected its infrastructure to the Internet. He clicked to enter the waste-water department and said that he—or anyone—could communicate with the water hose.  “I can turn this on, off,” he said. “I can open a water valve and completely drain their water tower. That’s not part of today’s demonstration.” He showed a dog park website that allowed him to interact with the cameras, move them, zoom in and out. Then he went into the website of a Sunglass Hut store. “There is a full security camera, so now I know when people come and go, and I know when they’re open and closed,” he said. “All these vulnerabilities. Because they’re connected to the Internet, they have IP addresses. They can be geo-located to a specific area, so I’m going to know where this camera is broadcasting from. People have them in their houses. This is one where you can see someone walking through and making breakfast. This is a local residence here in Las Vegas. “We can go on and on for hours, talking about your tablets, your computers, WiFi security, but we don’t have time. It’s important to take a look at your infrastructure at your business and do an audit, a security assessment. And after you do that, because you fix a vulnerability, you may have created two more. It’s constantly taking a look at your environment to determine what vulnerabilities exist and then making sure you do something about it, versus saying, ‘Ah, this has never happened. It’s not going to happen to me.’ ”   Plunging into darknets Hill said the Dark Web—content that exists on darknets, or overlay networks that use the public Internet but require specific software, configurations, or authorization to access—is a really hot topic right now. “They say that Google only indexes anywhere between 15% to 17% of the Internet,” he said. “That doesn’t seem like a whole lot. The rest of that is what’s called the Dark Web. So you and I live up above, where we have Google and Wikipedia. That’s where we do our online shopping: Best Buy, Amazon, you name it. “But the Dark Web was developed by the US Navy so operatives could communicate in secret. They could set up a website, put a message down there, take it down, and be completely anonymous, all of it using the Tor network. It’s called the Onion Router. An onion has many different layers, just like the Dark Web. So when I go to the Dark Web, I’m peeling several different layers, and all of them are stripping out my identifying information so it makes it very difficult to identity who I am. That’s why criminals love it, and it’s a playground for them to go sell merchandise, sell drugs. Whatever it is, the Dark Web has it. It’s a matter of trying to find it.” Hill took the attendees on a tour of two of his favorite sites on the Dark Web. At one passport site, “genuine” passports can be purchased. Just send them your height, weight and a photo, paying $400 for the person facilitating the transaction and $400 for the inside officer who actually produced the passport. “To me, this is really scary because these are floating out there,” he said. “When you and I go to the airport, we still have to take off our shoes and belt. But yet I can be anyone I want and travel anywhere. “You can get a passport from a different country. If I’m trying to hide assets from a spouse whom I’m going to divorce, I’m going to get a UK passport, fly over to the UK, and open up few bank accounts in a different name so when I go through the divorce, I don’t have to give her as much.”   Your online drug dealership Then there’s the People’s Drug Store. “They believe in customer service,” he said. “This looks like any other website. ‘Satisfaction guaranteed. Here’s the information you want to know. You want heroin, cocaine, ecstasy?’ Doesn’t that sound like a normal commercial you would hear? ‘Cut out the middle man. Buy directly from me. It’s cheaper.’ That’s exactly what they’re doing. What’s the difference between Heroin #3 and Heroin #4? #4 is the purest. “We’ve been giving this presentation for quite some time now, but this guy has always had a ‘grand opening special.’ So I’m wondering if the Better Business Bureau has downgraded him because it’s a constant sale. “The stuff on the Dark Web is truly scary stuff. This is where a lot of your stolen merchandise ends up. From hiring hit men to selling drugs, it’s out there and it’s prevalent.”   The Amazon of ID theft Lanterman, chief technology officer at CFS, said Rescator’s stolen credit card site is “Amazon.com for criminals.” He took the attendees on a live shopping trip in the site, with this introduction: “We’re in the marketplace. So you are criminals in the market to buy stolen credit cards? Welcome to my storefront. I hope you have a pleasant shopping experience. “ ‘As my customers, you get to choose stolen credit cards based on country of origin. If you want to buy stolen credit cards from Bermuda, from Canada, from Colombia, from Greece, Ireland, Great Britain, it doesn’t matter. We have inventory from around the world, with one exception: Russia. Because we don’t offend our host nation. As my customer, you get to choose what kind of stolen credit card.’ It’s kind of like buying a pickup truck. You get to choose based on make and model. I want to buy a gold Visa. I want to buy a corporate Mastercard. I want to buy a platinum American Express card. You get to choose where to buy a stolen debit or credit card. And you get to choose a stolen credit card based on the bank that issued the stolen card. I stopped counting at 16,000 banks and credit unions. I’ll tell you every bank and credit union I looked for, including the Pentagon Federal Credit Union and the White House Credit Union. “You also get to choose stolen credit cards based on city and state of the billing address. So what? Who cares? Big deal. Well, it actually is a big deal, and here’s why: Let’s say you live in Las Vegas and let’s say I’m the criminal in Minneapolis, and I just bought your stolen credit card. You don’t even know it’s gone. Well, as a criminal, I’m going to buy a high-definition TV, because research out of the University of Michigan has proven all criminals love high–definition TVs. Now, the problem for me as a criminal is your bank, because your bank is pretty good at fraud detection. And your bank noticed that last night you bought dinner at Las Vegas, breakfast this morning in Las Vegas, paid for hotel charges in Las Vegas, and now all of a sudden out of the blue, you pop up in Minneapolis buying a high-definition TV. So your bank says, ‘We’re going to call the customer. Are you buying this high-definition TV? Thanks, customer. Decline that charge.’ Now I don’t get my TV set. “As a criminal, that doesn’t really work for me. So the workaround that Rescator gives his customers is you can buy stolen credit cards based on the city and state. So if I’m a criminal in Las Vegas, I want credit cards stolen here. If I’m a crook in Minneapolis, I want credit cards stolen there. If I’m a crook in New Hampshire, I want credit cards stolen there.”   Be careful what you phish for Phishing is another big problem—sending fraudulent emails disguised as being from reputable companies, in order to convince the recipient to reveal personal information, such as passwords and credit card numbers. “It’s not what it appears,” Lanterman said. “In this example, it purports to come from Google: ‘Someone has your password. They just used your password to sign into your Google account. We stopped the sign-in attempt, but you should change your password. Click here.’ By clicking there, that’s actually the hacker. This is very interesting email because of who clicked on the link: John Podesta (former chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign and former chief of staff to President Bill Clinton and counselor to President Obama). Seriously, you fell for that? “I could go on and on about the dark web,” Hill said. “It truly is scary stuff. But this is where a great deal of what is stolen from you ends up. It’s out there, and it’s criminal.” ♦   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles IC Corp designates dealer Quick as a click Galbreath Inc adds dealer The Work Truck Show & NTEA Convention preview: Work Truck Show returns to Indy, expecting a repeat of last year's event, which set records for attendance and exhibitors The Work Truck Show exceeds expectations in a slowly recovering economy Advertisement Current Issue Holland’s New plant builds low-volume work trucks with high-volume processes Canadian Transportation Equipment Association presents news from both sides of the border at annual Manufacturers Conference in Vancouver GM forms partnerships to produce a smarter experience, because the trailer shouldn’t be viewed as a mystery black box CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Connect With Us Facebook RSS Advertisement Trailer-BodyBuilders.com Trailer Output Trailers Truck Bodies Trailer Dealers Distributors, Upfitters Chassis Equipment & Parts Fabrication Market Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Facebook RSS Search Trailer-Bodybuilders.com Search: PISCES Trailer/Body Builders Related Sites Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter American Trucker FleetSeek Fleet Owner WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
  You are here: Home AI soon to be used daily: iFLYTEK's Liu Qingfeng By Guo Yiming 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail China.org.cn, March 7, 2017 Adjust font size: Liu Qingfeng, chairman of iFLYTEK [Photo by Guo Yiming/China.org.cn] A string of amazing breakthroughs in artificial intelligence (AI) has provided conditions for its application in daily use, said the helmsman behind China's industry frontrunner on March 5. "The ever-evolving AI technologies combined with big data and industrial expertise will definitely change how people work and live in the next five to 10 years," said Liu Qingfeng, chairman of iFLYTEK and a deputy of the National People's Congress (NPC), during an exclusive interview with China.org.cn in Beijing. In his annual government work report delivered on March 5, Premier Li Keqiang expressed the government's steadfast support for emerging industries, saying that the country "will accelerate R&D on and commercialization of new materials, artificial intelligence, integrated circuits, bio-pharmacy, 5G mobile communications and other technologies." Chinese leaders are quite far-sighted in placing AI development at a strategic level, as the frontier industry is currently at a key stage of cut-throat competition, Liu said. AI's rise to the spotlight came after AlphaGo, Google's computer program, defeated the world's Go champion Lee Sedol in a historic five-game match last year, which wowed the world and prompted many established companies and startups to bet on the infant sector. The country's top three internet giants -- Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent -- (known as the BAT) have already announced their plans while pumping in huge amounts of money into the technology of the future. Looking outside of China, almost all tech giants like Apple, IBM, Google, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook have joined the game. "With various core technologies on hand, massive databases, China's huge market as well as specializations in AI and voice recognition, iFLYTEK will definitely stand at the front line of the ever-growing market," said Liu. He cited the company's glorious victories over foreign rivals on multiple occasions including speech separation and recognition competition CHiME (Computational Hearing in Multisource Environments) and the translation competition Blizzard Challenge. The Shenzhen-listed company is developing a robot that will seek to beat 80 percent of Chinese students and become eligible, theoretically, for admission into a top-level university in 2020. AI technologies have already applied and will continue to expand their presence in education, translation, healthcare, information services, security, smart homes and others, he explained. "Chinese people are estimated to have made over 120 million overseas trips in 2016," Liu quoted from the premier's government work report. "Increasing outbound travel comes with people's increasing need for basic translation services in shopping, ordering food and asking for directions." With state-of-the-art technology in voice recognition, text translation and speech synthesis, the real-time translation device innovated by iFLYTEK can make cross-language communication available between Chinese and English, mandarin and Uygur as well as mandarin and Tibetan, he said. In the future, AI will replace over 50 percent of jobs and create new employment opportunities at the same time, said Lei Jun, CEO of Xiaomi Inc. He thinks that AI will create a new technology revolution and become basic social elements just like the internet in the coming years. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download 1   2   Next   Print E-mail Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:     Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter AI soon to be used daily: iFLYTEK's Liu Qingfeng A string of amazing breakthroughs in artificial intelligence (AI) has provided conditions for its application in daily use, said the helmsman behind China's industry frontrunner on March 5. China.org.cn China.org.cn
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 7 March 2017 | MYT 8:00 AM Amazon’s Alexa assistant to be integrated into Motorola smartphones AI push: Amazon's Alexa assistant, so far predominantly used in smart speakers, will be integrated into Lenovo's Motorola smartphones. — dpa The world's largest PC manufacturer Lenovo is giving Google's AI helper the cold shoulder and is partnering with Amazon to install a rival digital assistant on its phones. Amazon's Alexa assistant, so far predominantly used in smart speakers, will be integrated into Lenovo's Motorola smartphones over the course of the year, the company announced at the recent Mobile World Congress trade fair in Barcelona. A special plug-in speaker module for the Moto Z model is expected to provide smartphones with this mobile version of the assistant, which had previously mostly been limited to home usage. Smart assistants and voice-powered functions voice are widely expected to play a central role in future smartphone interfaces. The news came just hours after Google announced that its rival Google Assistant would become available for a range of smartphones with the latest Android versions 6.0 Marshmallow and 7.0 Nougat. —  dpa Related Stories You May Be Interested Malaysian shuttlers safe after an eventful flight to Birmingham Pyongyang bans Malaysians from leaving N. Korea Rich Gen-Y kids making their own mark Residents say project is risky Kampung Baru Kelab Suleiman Gallery left abandoned, falling to pieces This photographer takes striking shots with mobile camera Others Also Read Whetting appetites with food puns Syrian army advances on IS-held water supplies for Aleppo - monitor, military source Taiwan a friendly stop for Muslims advertisement Latest News TomTom banks on partnerships to help drivers escape traffic jams Celcom offers RM1mil worth of cash prizes for shoot-em-up game South Korean startups band together to survive in land of the chaebol WhatsApp joins arsenal of online luxury amid race for customers Uber needs more than ‘leadership help’ for its boss: opinion Most Viewed in Tech WhatsApp joins arsenal of online luxury amid race for customers South Korean startups band together to survive in land of the chaebol Uber needs more than ‘leadership help’ for its boss: opinion Celcom offers RM1mil worth of cash prizes for shoot-em-up game Uber skids have Lyft steering for passing lane Facebook doesn’t understand German, at least not in court Snap shares sink as IPO euphoria vanishes Photo Kit: Another one bites the dust TomTom banks on partnerships to help drivers escape traffic jams Honor 6X: Phone on a budget Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Was state to blame in White Bear Lake's decline? MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses On East Lake Street, debate heats up over 'livability crimes' Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' next Business Ex-Target exec jumps into a tough situation at Uber March 6, 2017 — 9:10pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint LEE SCHAFER @LeeASchafer A highlight of Jeff Jones' four years as chief marketing officer at Target had to have been an inspirational blog post he put on his personal LinkedIn page under the headline, "The Truth Hurts." It came in May 2014, just days after Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel had been tossed out and an anonymous insider had taken to a popular website to blast the company's "Targetized" workplace of conformist mediocrity. And it was only months after Target disclosed a shocking loss of customers' credit and debit card data. A first, uncomfortable step to any recovery, Jones wrote, is honestly facing up to problems. "Yes, the truth hurts," he wrote. "But it will also set you free." Jones is now the president of ride-sharing for the San Francisco company Uber Technologies. His LinkedIn page has been quiet, so his views on the state of the truth at Uber can only be guessed. But lately the truths at Uber must be just killing him. A note sent through Uber's PR team did not get a response. But it would be hard to deny that in its worst month after the data breach, Target didn't have the depth of problems that Uber has. Since Jones joined the company last fall, Uber hasn't exactly come crashing down. But as a wildly unprofitable company valued at nearly $70 billion, Uber really only has only one way to go. There may be a temptation to see its current troubles as just PR problems, but that's only if you don't quite understand what a PR problem really is. Jeff Jones has been president at Uber Technologies for about six months. It's not when people say bad things about you. It's when real problems of your own making become widely known. And the bad news has been piling up. For starters, over the weekend it was reported in the New York Times that Uber developed software to evade regulators. In a way, this news may have come as a relief for Uber co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick, because it pushed his own bad behavior, when he was caught on video angrily belittling a driver's concerns about declining prices, out of the headlines. The 40-year-old Kalanick did, however, write a blog post last week apologizing for that and promising to "grow up." He didn't volunteer anything in that post about a lawsuit just filed by the self-driving car unit of the company we once knew as Google, now under the umbrella of Alphabet. Lawsuits alleging theft of technology aren't exactly rare in Silicon Valley, but they have been for Alphabet, which is an investor in Uber. Its detailed suit described how 14,000 files allegedly were downloaded by Google's self-driving car expert before he left in 2016 to found a company that Uber soon acquired. Then there were revelations in the last month about Uber's culture, ignited when a former Uber engineer published a first-person story of her year at Uber. She wrote she had given up in frustration because of sexual harassment and discrimination that seemed not only tolerated but maybe even encouraged. The repercussions included the abrupt firing of one Uber engineering executive. One incident stands out in her matter-of-fact account, a corporate decision to skip buying leather jackets for women on her engineering team. It seems that by then so many women already had quit that the company couldn't get a volume discount on women's sizes. So only the guys got jackets. It's possible to imagine middle-school boys making that kind of call, not managers at a company reportedly worth nearly $70 billion. But maybe no one should be surprised, given what the Wall Street Journal, Fast Company and other publications have said about how Uber is led. Uber got its start in 2009 but only much later did Kalanick unveil more than a dozen core values, which were promptly leaked. A full list on Uber letterhead wasn't easy to find, but it reportedly included going toe-to-toe with colleagues, always be hustling, "super pumpedness" (whatever that's supposed to mean) and encouraging "toe- stepping." Often described by the company itself as a meritocracy, Uber thinks permitting toe-stepping lets good ideas win regardless of the status of who came up with them. In reality, though, a workplace that bills itself as a meritocracy often ends up with the ruthless and unprincipled in charge. Those eager to step on toes soon find their own toes cut off. The engineer who wrote about leather jackets sure didn't think much of Uber's meritocracy. She described "a Game of Thrones political war raging" in the open among the leaders of her department, as managers openly gloated about undermining their bosses, withholding information from each other and currying favor with their boss's boss. Jeff Jones' name doesn't appear to show up in any of these accounts of Uber's Hobbesian work culture. Yet he was the star of another fiasco, a question-and-answer session for drivers. Uber drivers have been in a surly mood lately, unhappy about things such as price cuts and driving for an Uber group service. More than 500 questions and comments were logged. Jones managed to get to just 12 of them, which became yet another reason for bitter complaint. "Really, it did not go well," a writer for the automotive website Jalopnik dryly observed. The biggest beef the drivers have with Jones, of course, is Uber's plan to get rid of them. Uber has been trying out its self-driving Fords and Volvos on city streets. Its ambition to lead the driverless car revolution could not be any clearer to these humans who are trying to make a living. Jones has only been with Uber for half a year. If he has time to draft another "Truth Hurts" blog post, though, he should have accumulated more than enough material by now. lee.schafer@startribune.com 612-673-4302 Lee Schafer came to the Star Tribune after 15 years as a corporate officer, consultant and investment banker in the Twin Cities. He has been a columnist for Twin Cities Business magazine and was senior editor for Corporate Report Minnesota. Follow @LeeASchafer lee.schafer@startribune.com 612-673-4302 @LeeASchafer View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Stowaway cat survives 400-mile ride beneath St. Paul owner's semi-truck Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Google-bred company accuses Uber of self-driving car theft Alternative energy good investor bet, despite talk of policy shifts Tevlin: Thanks, dear readers, for a woonerful 2016 Another resource for being successful in business Gadgets: Apple CarPlay not perfect but functional More From Lee Schafer Business March 4 Lee Schafer: Target's price-cut jargon is not fooling investors The leaders of Target ought to at least consider ditching the use of the term price investment. Their institutional shareholders know exactly what this retail… Business February 25 Schafer: R&D isn't dead, it's broken No one should have been surprised when the Office of the Legislative Auditor found the Minnesota research-and-development tax credit to be a net drain on… Business February 18 Manufacturing job losses, yes, but gains for trained Minnesota workers Here's one of the ironies in looking ahead at how the nature of work is going to change — manufacturing may actually be a bright spot. St. Paul February 17 Schafer: Creating jobs takes a lot of hard work Not that long ago a chamber president like Matt Kramer of the St. Paul Area Chamber of Commerce would join with just about everybody else… Top Stories New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Mar. 6 Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds 12:24am House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 12:50am Most Read Ex-Target exec jumps into a tough situation at Uber • Business HealthPartners CEO Mary Brainerd to retire after 15 years at the helm • Business Best Buy moves from Renew Blue turnaround to growth phase • Business Small airports, Minn. towns fear privatizing air traffic control • Business Jay Z in collaboration with Twin Cities asset management firm • Business World North Korea fires 4 banned ballistic missiles into sea UK lawmakers to companies: End sexist high-heel dress codes Nation NYPD agrees to greater oversight after spying on Muslims White supremacists have 'unprecedented outreach' to try to recruit college students, ADL says Politics House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Trump offers Planned Parenthood funds if it halts abortions markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Yeo's visit as Blues coach is about success vs. Wild, and for his son Wild keeping practices short but efficient Wolves Wet floor forces Wolves to postpone home game Scoggins: Even with postponement, Aussie gets taste of being Wolves fan Gophers Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year Celebrities Kate McKinnon of SNL lampoons Sessions in 'Forrest Gump' parody (Video) One Direction's Louis Tomlinson arrested in airport scuffle Vikings 'A true professional.' Vikings' Greenway to announce retirement Free agency might be unkind to Peterson poll Poll: What do you think of the Wild's trade with Arizona? 10,000 Takes Minnesotans are loving this mild winter, but I want more cold and snow In becoming a U.S. citizen, I realized I've been an American all along Featured Gallery Take a tour of the new Palace Theatre in St. Paul 14 photos The big, new music venue is being ran by First Avenue general manager Nate ... Featured Video Art Shanty project is an inspiring way to enjoy winter 01:17 Minnesota people talk about their Art Shanty' experiences on the open weekend ... Taste Young Joni in Minneapolis serves up restaurant of the future Granite City restaurant in St. Louis Park to close StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO Ambassadors expelled in assassination fallout Trump’s new travel ban seeks to avoid 1st edict’s flaws 11-year-old boy with autism goes missing News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Russia gives new 'Beauty and the Beast' film a 16+ rating UN chief in Somalia on emergency visit to focus on famine Iraqi forces storm Mosul government complex, then pull back European shares mixed as German factory data disappoint Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors St. Mary’s advances to WCC final with laugher over BYU Andre Iguodala comes up big in Warriors’ win over Atlanta Santa Clara seniors’ run ends against Gonzaga in WCC semis Dad’s ‘tough love’ molded A’s Matt Joyce into big-leaguer Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs GoPro shares fall to record low after Goldman, Citi say sell Switch isn’t quite the mobile console we’d hoped for, but US suspends expedited processing for H-1B visas 4 sneaky ways Ikea tricks you into buying tons of stuff you don't A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do New ‘ID10T’ comedy/music/comics festival comes to Bay Area The latest from Dear Abby SF Symphony celebrates Bernstein in 2017-18 season ‘Kedi’ celebrates the stray cats of Istanbul Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Fort Point expands in Ferry Building, fills Marla Bakery space Soon you'll be able to vacation at a craft beer-themed hotel Here’s the full lineup for Presidio Picnic’s 2017 E. coli outbreak tied to soy-nut butter sickens 2 in Santa Clara Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Study finds children keep moms up at night—but not dads How to game the DMV to avoid lines and get out faster How to start a smart home Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Carmel Valley Ranch to host inaugural Kite Festival Carmel winery adds a top chef Insiders: Brothers have the lowdown on Salinas Yes, we can: Learn how at Happy Girl Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Inspired by 16th-century Japan, the $1.9 million ‘Haiku Hot Property: Cheery and charming in Corte Madera Vineyard views from Wine Country contemporary Condo conversion of Oakland firehouse, circa 1892, offers its Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1928 Franklin Victoria brings class to the road Retiree reminisces while driving restored 1967 Marcos US News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Improve your chances for a second interview Avoid an interview disaster Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/why-youtube-tv-needs-time-warner-but-not-viacom/ Why YouTube TV Needs Time Warner But Not Viacom It’s hard to woo millennials without the NBA Matt Pressberg, provided by Published 4:50 pm, Monday, March 6, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Why YouTube TV Needs Time Warner But Not Viacom 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Last week, Google debuted YouTube TV, its 40-channel, $35 a month streaming video service designed to appeal to a younger audience that has increasingly decided to forgo traditional pay-TV. And while the service has plenty of millennial-friendly features — like the ability to start a show on a television set and finish on a smartphone — it has one major, 90-foot gap in its quest to be the cable replacement of choice for Gens Y and Z: the NBA. YouTube TV is built around deals with the four major broadcast networks — ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox — and their affiliates, such as ABC’s ESPN, NBCUniversal’s Bravo and Fox’s FX. But it doesn’t (yet) carry Time Warner’s or Viacom’s cable channels, including Time Warner’s TNT — home to many marquee NBA regular season and playoff games. The service is also missing NBA-owned and Turner-operated NBA TV. YouTube Chief Business Officer Robert Kyncl touted YouTube TV’s sports offerings at a press event introducing the service, saying it covers 80 percent of live sports broadcast in the U.S. between its broadcast partners, ESPN channels and regional sports networks — and prominently displaying NBA content in its press materials. But that doesn’t matter when five out of seven nights of the NBA’s first two rounds of playoff games and the entire Eastern Conference Finals air only on TNT. Also Read: YouTube Unveils YouTube TV, $35 Monthly Subscription Service “There’s no question that millennials love great TV content,” YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki said at the event. “But what we’ve seen is they don’t want to watch it in a traditional setting. They don’t want to watch it in the living room with their families waiting for their favorite show to come on.” That’s true — younger viewers can’t fathom having to plan their days to catch a TV show that only airs once at a set time and having to be home to see it — but they also want to watch pro basketball. Today’s teens and young adults don’t really want their MTV. They want their NBA. Unlike several other sports, whose average viewer age has risen as younger generations have stopped watching and/or cut the cord, the NBA has held onto its youthful audience. The NFL’s average viewer age rose from 43 to 47 between 2004 and 2014, while Major League Baseball’s jumped from 46 to 53. That trend appears to be worsening as cord-cutting accelerates — the median age of the 2015 World Series between the New York Mets and Kansas City Royals was 54.6 years. Meanwhile, the NBA has held steady, reporting an average age of 37 in 2004 and 2014. Also Read: 5 Things To Know About YouTube TV, From its Reimagined Customer Service to the NFL And while the NFL just came off a season marred by lower ratings, the NBA is doubling down on its future fans and ticket buyers. The league was an early mover in terms of putting its highlights online and the official NBA YouTube channel now has nearly 7.5 million subscribers. The NBA has even considered shortening the often drawn-out ends of games to cater to millennials’ (perceived) shorter attention spans. At the same time, Viacom, the home of MTV and Comedy Central that was once at the cutting edge of high school and college-age tastes, is now no longer a requirement to draw younger eyeballs. MTV has not been particularly relevant in a while, and while Trevor Noah is growing into his job on the “Daily Show,” Comedy Central has lost plenty of luster with Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert decamping for retirement and CBS, respectively. Old-line CBS may actually be more enticing to younger cord-cutters, as it at least has the NFL. That’s a much bigger draw than “Teen Mom 2,” which MTV is running throughout prime time Monday. Also Read: YouTube Paid $1 Billion in Ad Revenue to Music Industry in Last Year YouTube has built its TV product around millennial-friendly features, from an app-based customer service portal (because really who wants to talk on the phone?) to YouTube Red originals, which feature some of the platform’s most popular personalities, and are included with a YouTube TV subscription. In a world where 15-year-olds can’t be bothered to watch MTV, leveraging YouTube personalities is a good way to lure millennial subscribers. But banking on NBA stars like LeBron James and Stephen Curry might be even better. Read original story Why YouTube TV Needs Time Warner But Not Viacom At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY Video of Trump, Bannon arguing shows tense White House House GOP releases health bill replacing Obamacare Ben Carson refers to slaves as ‘immigrants’ Trump’s new travel ban seeks to avoid 1st edict’s flaws Poll: Two-thirds want special prosecutor for Trump-Russia Son of Rudy Giuliani to work in White House LATEST NEWS Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO US moves parts of controversial missile defense to S. Korea Sacramento to pay $5M to wrong man charged with child abuse Local man sentenced to 10 years on cocaine charges Search begins for disappeared 11-year-old boy with autism Homeland Security may separate parents from children at border Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 2 San Jose men arrested after trying to steal ATM from mall Raiders secure Las Vegas financing Former Raiders OL Marvin dies following ALS fight Jay Gruden’s deal a first for owner NFL combine winners, losers California's poorest are now moving to Texas Most health conscious U.S. cities: SF's rank a big surprise Recent snowfall totals: Donner Pass received more than four feet Photos show the insane amounts of snow piled up in Tahoe Bargain airfare? Here's why some aren't buying it Spirit holds '99 percent off' flash sale, but is it worth it? TODAY'S TOP PICKS ESPN to lay off on-air talent 50 jobs and side hustles you can do from home Silicon Valley programmers pressuring friends to quit Uber Most Popular 1 Video of Donald Trump and Steven Bannon arguing shows snapshot... 2 Programmers in the Valley are pressuring their friends to quit... 3 Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 4 ESPN to Lay Off On-Air Talent 5 Report: California's poorest are coming to Texas as the state... 6 Raiders secure Las Vegas financing 7 Woman, 50, struck in SF crosswalk dies 8 Andre Iguodala comes up big in Warriors’ win over Atlanta 9 House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 10 Trump Today: Carson refers to slaves as ‘immigrants’ LATEST NEWS Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO US moves parts of controversial missile defense to S. Korea Sacramento to pay $5M to wrong man charged with child abuse Local man sentenced to 10 years on cocaine charges Search begins for disappeared 11-year-old boy with autism Homeland Security may separate parents from children at border Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 2 San Jose men arrested after trying to steal ATM from mall The 2017 Oscars best and worst moments View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Contact Us Contests News Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Carriers Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 8:52 AM ESTLG V20 to launch at Bell, Fido and Rogers starting March 9 Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Manufacturers Mar 6, 2017 8:03 AM ESTNew images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal display and on-screen home ... Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Phones Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Mar 6, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 release date is reportedly pushed back by a week Mar 6, 2017 9:43 AM ESTRogers starts rolling out Android Nougat to the Moto Z Play Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 6, 2017 9:00 AM ESTFitbit’s new Alta HR is the smallest fitness tracker to include ... Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 3:02 PM ESTNintendo Switch Joy-con controllers work with Android, PC and Mac Mar 6, 2017 2:57 PM ESTFacebook considers adding ‘Reactions’ to Messenger Mar 6, 2017 1:28 PM ESTNintendo says dead pixels on the Switch’s tablet are ‘norm... Mar 6, 2017 11:56 AM ESTRBC, Scotiabank lead Canadian banks for embracing FinTech innovation, ... Mar 6, 2017 10:36 AM ESTNintendo responds to Switch Joy-con controller connectivity issues Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Reviews Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Carriers Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Google Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists By Rose Behar Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM EST 3 comments In recognition of its fifth birthday, Google has published lists of the all-time top most installed games and apps and top best selling songs, albums, movies and books in the U.S. — providing an interesting snapshot of the North American public zeitgeist over the past five years. The top installed game is the classic distraction Candy Crush Saga, followed by Subway Surfers, Temple Run 2, Despicable Me and Clash of Clans. The top installed app — based on downloads only, not counting pre-installed apps on Android devices — is Facebook, with Facebook Messenger following behind. In slots three to five are Pandora Radio (a music platform not available in Canada), Instagram and Snapchat. The top selling song on Google Play is Ed Sheeran’s 2014 release Thinking Out Loud, while the top album is Adele’s 25. In film, the top selling movie is the political satire The Interview, starring James Franco and Seth Rogen. In literature, the top seller over the past five years is the novel many of its readers won’t admit to having purchased: Fifty Shades of Grey by E.L. James. Source: Google Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Join the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Airbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last November New images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal display and on-screen home button The Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Google may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect it to come to Canada Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Dec 30, 2016 7:13 PM ESTGoogle Play offers 80 percent off paid mobile games in year end deal News Jan 25, 2017 1:12 PM ESTGoogle opens Daydream Access Program to all developers News Dec 23, 2016 7:33 PM ESTRent any movie from Google for $0.99 until January 23 Comments Pingback: Google Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists | Daily Update() Do Do Proud to say I don’t have any of them on my phone fred indeed, sounds like a list of crap Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... All News Carriers Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 8:52 AM ESTLG V20 to launch at Bell, Fido and Rogers starting March 9 Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Manufacturers Mar 6, 2017 8:03 AM ESTNew images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal display and on-screen home ... Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Phones Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Mar 6, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 release date is reportedly pushed back by a week Mar 6, 2017 9:43 AM ESTRogers starts rolling out Android Nougat to the Moto Z Play Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 6, 2017 9:00 AM ESTFitbit’s new Alta HR is the smallest fitness tracker to include ... Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 3:02 PM ESTNintendo Switch Joy-con controllers work with Android, PC and Mac Mar 6, 2017 2:57 PM ESTFacebook considers adding ‘Reactions’ to Messenger Mar 6, 2017 1:28 PM ESTNintendo says dead pixels on the Switch’s tablet are ‘norm... Mar 6, 2017 11:56 AM ESTRBC, Scotiabank lead Canadian banks for embracing FinTech innovation, ... Mar 6, 2017 10:36 AM ESTNintendo responds to Switch Joy-con controller connectivity issues Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Reviews Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo All Reviews Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster All Resources How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages All Business Carriers Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES All Syrup Community SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Skip to main content Electronic Frontier Foundation Defending your rights in the digital world Search form Search Main menu Home About Our Work Deeplinks Blog Press Room Take Action Shop March 6, 2017 | By Jeremy Malcolm FOIA Uncovers Part of U.K. Shadow Regulation on Search Engines and Copyright Last month we wrote about the adoption of a new secret agreement between copyright holders and the major search engines, brokered by the U.K. Intellectual Property Office, aimed at making websites associated with copyright infringement less visible in search results. Since the agreement wasn't publicly available, we simultaneously issued a request under the U.K.'s Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), asking for a copy of the text. Today we received it.1 The agreement requires search engines to: expand efforts to more effectively use [copyright infringement] notices to demote domains demonstrated to be dedicated to infringement, and work collaboratively with rights holders to consider other technically reasonable, scalable avenues empirically demonstrated to help materially reduce the appearance of illegitimate sites in the top search rankings. Even before this agreement, Google had already begun to factor the Digital Millennium Copyright Act notices issued against websites into its search ranking algorithm, and Google has confirmed to us that the agreement won't cause it to do anything differently than it was already doing. However the difference is that its independent efforts to demote links associated with copyright infringement are now taking place under an explicit threat of government regulation if it doesn't make good enough progress by 1 June. It's important to know, then, what amounts to "good enough". And, wouldn't you know it, we can't answer that question because the metrics for measuring progress under the agreement were redacted. The response to our FOIA request explains: Disclosure of this agreement in full would compromise its effectiveness in combatting copyright piracy, resulting in the perpetuation of commercial detriment of legitimate copyright holders.  In effect, disclosure of the exempt information could assist persons intent on circumventing an agreed anti-piracy measure. The redacted information is also exempt under section 31(1)(a), which relates to the prevention or detection of crime.  Disclosure of the redacted information could compromise the effectiveness of the Code as a measure to prevent or reduce the likelihood of copyright theft. What we can be sure of, though, is that the more search engines tighten the criteria that demote websites from the top rankings, the more legitimate websites will trigger a false positive against these criteria, and be unfairly demoted. The U.K. agreement actually recognizes this, stating: A whitelist process would need to be created to exclude legitimate sites that could be caught within this lower threshold. For an agreed sample of searches using neutral queries in conjunction with artist or content name, the aggregate results should be as follows... The remainder of that paragraph, though, was also redacted—and a footnote (we would guess added by the copyright lobbyists) notes "Any such process will need to include a mechanism for challenging entries which are not clearly legitimate websites". For a company that previously sustained a record $500m settlement for failing to kow-tow to the demands of rights holders, there are obvious reasons why Google has played along with this process so far. However it must be very careful that its acquiescence to this shadowy regulation doesn't escalate into a series of capitulations to copyright holder demands. You can read the full text of the agreement that we obtained below. %3Ciframe%20class%3D%22pdf%22%20webkitallowfullscreen%3D%22%22%20mozallowfullscreen%3D%22%22%20allowfullscreen%3D%22%22%20src%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.eff.org%2Fsites%2Fall%2Flibraries%2Fpdf.js%2Fweb%2Fviewer.html%3Ffile%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fwww.eff.org%252Ffiles%252F2017%252F03%252F06%252Fsearch_and_copyright_agreement_signed.pdf%22%20data-src%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.eff.org%2Ffiles%2F2017%2F03%2F06%2Fsearch_and_copyright_agreement_signed.pdf%22%20height%3D%22700%22%20frameborder%3D%22no%22%20width%3D%22600%22%3Ehttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.eff.org%2Ffiles%2F2017%2F03%2F06%2Fsearch_and_copyright_agreement_signed.pdf%3C%2Fiframe%3E Privacy info. This embed will serve content from eff.org 1. We were not the only people to make such a FOIA request. TJ McIntyre from Digital Rights Ireland also made one and received the same information in return. Fair Use and Intellectual Property: Defending the Balance Shadow Regulation More DeepLinks Posts Like This February 2017 Law Professors Address RCEP Negotiators on Copyright August 2009 More Seek Privacy from Google Book Search Settlement November 2009 Google Books Settlement 2.0: Evaluating the Pros and Cons June 2015 Open Wireless Advocates to European Court: Don't Make Us Lock Down Our Networks August 2012 Google's Opaque New Policy Lets Rightsholders Dictate Search Results Recent DeepLinks Posts Mar 6, 2017 FOIA Uncovers Part of U.K. Shadow Regulation on Search Engines and Copyright Mar 6, 2017 NY State AG’s Lawsuit Against ISP Shows Why We Need Net Neutrality Protections Mar 6, 2017 EFF to Court: Forcing Someone to Unlock and Decrypt Their Phone Violates the Constitution Mar 4, 2017 NY City Council Measure Would Require Transparency for NYPD Electronic Surveillance Mar 3, 2017 Trump's Director of National Intelligence Pick Is on the Wrong Side of Surveillance Deeplinks Topics Fair Use and Intellectual Property: Defending the Balance Free Speech Innovation UK Investigatory Powers Bill International Know Your Rights Privacy Trade Agreements and Digital Rights Security State-Sponsored Malware Abortion Reporting Analog Hole Anonymity Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Biometrics Bloggers' Rights Border Searches Broadcast Flag Broadcasting Treaty CALEA Cell Tracking Coders' Rights Project Computer Fraud And Abuse Act Reform Content Blocking Copyright Trolls Council of Europe Cyber Security Legislation CyberSLAPP Defend Your Right to Repair! Development Agenda Digital Books Digital Radio Digital Video DMCA DMCA Rulemaking Do Not Track DRM E-Voting Rights EFF Europe Electronic Frontier Alliance Encrypting the Web Export Controls Eyes, Ears & Nodes Podcast FAQs for Lodsys Targets File Sharing Fixing Copyright? The 2013-2016 Copyright Review Process FTAA Genetic Information Privacy Government Hacking and Subversion of Digital Security Hollywood v. DVD How Patents Hinder Innovation (Graphic) ICANN International Privacy Standards Internet Governance Forum Law Enforcement Access Legislative Solutions for Patent Reform Locational Privacy Mandatory Data Retention Mandatory National IDs and Biometric Databases Mass Surveillance Technologies Medical Privacy Mobile devices National Security and Medical Information National Security Letters Net Neutrality No Downtime for Free Speech NSA Spying OECD Offline : Imprisoned Bloggers and Technologists Online Behavioral Tracking Open Access Open Wireless Patent Busting Project Patent Trolls Patents PATRIOT Act Pen Trap Policy Analysis Printers Public Health Reporting and Hospital Discharge Data Reading Accessibility Real ID Reclaim Invention RFID Search Engines Search Incident to Arrest Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act Shadow Regulation Social Networks SOPA/PIPA: Internet Blacklist Legislation Student Privacy Stupid Patent of the Month Surveillance and Human Rights Surveillance Drones Terms Of (Ab)Use Test Your ISP The "Six Strikes" Copyright Surveillance Machine The Global Network Initiative The Law and Medical Privacy TPP's Copyright Trap Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement Travel Screening TRIPS Trusted Computing Video Games Wikileaks WIPO Transparency Uncategorized   Donate to EFF Stay in Touch Email Address Postal Code (optional) NSA Spying eff.org/nsa-spying EFF is leading the fight against the NSA's illegal mass surveillance program. Learn more about what the program is, how it works, and what you can do. Follow EFF Civil liberties defense depends on you. Be an EFF member to support public interest legal work, activism, and tech. https://supporters.eff.org/do... Mar 6 @ 6:07pm Text obtained under FOIA reveals how the UK government pushed search engines into a deal with copyright holders. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks... Mar 6 @ 4:12pm Dan Coats' history shows a troubling pattern of support for government surveillance. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks... Mar 6 @ 2:54pm Twitter Facebook Identi.ca Projects Bloggers' Rights Coders' Rights Encrypt the Web Free Speech Weak Links Global Chokepoints HTTPS Everywhere Manila Principles Medical Privacy Project Open Wireless Movement Patent Busting Privacy Badger Student Activism Student Privacy Surveillance Self-Defense Takedown Hall of Shame Teaching Copyright Transparency Project Trolling Effects Ways To Help Thanks RSS Feeds Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Contact EFF JavaScript license information
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Third Party company release patch for the data-leaking Windows Vulnerability Microsoft forgot to fix 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Mar 6, 2017 at 23:30 GMT10 hours ago Windows users are currently exposed to two known zero-day exploits after Google revealed the presence of these inevitable flaws in Windows before Microsoft was ready to fix them. In fact Microsoft had cancelled the whole of Patch Tuesday last month after running into “last-minute issue that could impact some customers and was not resolved in time for our planned updates,” leaving Windows users uncharacteristically exposed. Now security company ACROS Security has released what they call their first nano-patch for CVE-2017-0038. CVE-2017-0038 is the bug in EMF image format parsing logic that does not adequately check image dimensions specified in the image file being parsed against the amount of pixels provided by that file. If image dimensions are large enough the parser is tricked into reading memory contents beyond the memory-mapped EMF file being parsed. An attacker could use this vulnerability to steal sensitive data that an application holds in memory or as an aid in other exploits when ASLR needs to be defeated. Their free patch is available for Windows 10 (64-bit), Windows 8.1 (64-bit), and Windows 7 (64bit and 32bit) and is meant to serve as a temporary solution until Microsoft releases its own fix, and is delivered by their 0Patch Agent app. We have not heard of widespread exploits of this issue in the wild yet, and adding unknown 3rd party patches to your OS is probably not a good idea from a reliability point of view. If however you are desperate to secure your PC from this threat you can read more about the patch and its install procedure here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source 0patch Via scmagazine.com Related 0-day exploit google microsoft vulnerability windows Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Check out the new ‘Ghost Recon Wildlands’ launch trailer, save 33% by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft adds a powerful new Surface Book variant to its line-up by Michael Allison 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 37: Microsoft opens up the Xbox ecosystem & Windows Holographic has a new name by Andrew Bennett on March 3, 2017 This week’s episode is packed full of content about both work and play – from Office to Xbox, and everything in-between! You can listen to the podcast on SoundCloud above, and y... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Wave of LTE Windows 10 laptops and PCs coming as another eSIM provider signs up by Surur on March 7, 2017 At WinHec last year Microsoft announced support for eSIMs in Windows 10 PCs. The technology lets Windows 10 users purchase cellular connectivity and data packages directly from the Windows ... ‘Sniper Ghost Warrior 3’ delayed until April 25th by Greg Jordan Civil war inspired ‘Sniper Ghost Warrior 3′ has been delayed from its initial release date of January 27, 2017, to April 4th, to a final release date of April 25th. CI GamesR... Third Party company release patch for the data-leaking Windows Vulnerability Mic... by Surur Windows users are currently exposed to two known zero-day exploits after Google revealed the presence of these inevitable flaws in Windows before Microsoft was ready to fix them. In fact Mic... Microsoft adds a powerful new Surface Book variant to its line-up by Michael Allison Microsoft may have introduced the Surface Book with Performance Base along with the Surface Studio last year at its Windows 10 event, but the firm isn’t done with making minor tweaks a... The Duracell Car Pack brings seven new cars to Forza Horizon 3 by Andrew Bennett Forza Horizon 3 might have come out last year, but the game has been growing with monthly Car Pack releases. These bundles add seven new cars each, and they’re a good reason to hop bac... Deals Deals Deal: Save up to 38% on select NETGEAR WiFi routers You can now save up to 38% on select NETGEAR WiFi routers from Amazon US. For example, the popular NETGEAR N300 Wi-Fi Cable Modem Router is now available for $79.99, was $109.99. Find some o... Deal: Get ‘Batman: Return to Arkham’ for $29.99 off from Amazon Right now you can nab ‘Batman: Return to Arkham’ for only $29.99, $20 off of the original retail price of $49.99. Only new physical copies are discounted on Amazon however, with ... Deal: 12-Month Xbox LIVE Gold Membership For Only $49.99 You can now get 12 month Xbox Live Gold Membership subscription for just $49.99 from Amazon. The annual cost of the membership usually retails at $59.99. With Xbox Live Gold, you get multipl... Deal Alert: The ASUS Zenbook Flip UX360CA Windows 2-in-1 now a ridiculously chea... In the run up to MWC 2017 and the release of a possible success, Asus’ sleek 2-in-1 device Zenbook Flip UX360CA is $200 off at the Microsoft Store, being on sale at only  $499. The at... Deal: Sign up for Groove Music Pass today and get music free for 4 whole months With Groove Music Pass, you can stream and download new hits and familiar favorites from millions of songs. You can listen to ad-free experience just about anywhere (web, PC, Xbox, iPhone, A... Deal: Get $200 off select Microsoft Surface Pro 4 devices in the US Microsoft Store is now offering a $200 discount on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the United States. For example, you can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB... Deal Alert: Rent Suicide Squad, Guardians of the Galaxy and many more great movi... Microsoft has a great deal for those wanting to wind down with a good movie at the end of the week. Today only you can rent a great selection of movies from the Microsoft Store for only $0.9... President’s Day Sale: Save up to $1,100 on select Windows PCs from Microso... Microsoft Store US is now offering discounts of up to $1100 on select Windows PCs as part of their President’s Day Sale. For example, you can now get Dell Inspiron 15 laptop with Intel... Deal: Get 2 years of Microsoft Complete protection and Office 365 for free with ... Microsoft Store UK is now offering 2 years of Microsoft Complete protection for free with Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices. In addition to Microsoft Complete, you can also get 1 year O... Deal Alert: Get the Xbox One S 1TB, Halo 5, Dead Rising 3 and Extra Wireless Co... There is currently a massive deal available on the Xbox One S console on eBay. The console is currently being sold there with an extra wireless controller, Dead Rising 3 and Halo 5 for only... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: YouTube TV Is Here: What Investors Need to Know YouTube is entering the growing streaming TV market. Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Mar 6, 2017 at 7:08PM Image source: Getty Images. Americans are changing the way they watch television. More and more customers are showing interest in over-the-top streaming TV services. Over 200,000 people joined AT&T's (NYSE:T) DirecTVNow in about one month. DISH Network's (NASDAQ:DISH) Sling TV has over 1 million subscribers. Sony's (NYSE:SNE) PlayStation Vue is also very popular. Now YouTube -- a subsidiary of Google, the Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) company -- is throwing its hat in the ring as well. The company recently revealed YouTube TV, a slightly differentiated television service that costs just $35 per month. Here's what investors need to know about YouTube TV. YouTube TV's channel lineup. Image source: YouTube It's missing a lot of traditional cable networks YouTube focused on signing deals with the big four broadcast companies. As a result, cable-only media companies such as Viacom and Time Warner are missing from the bundle. No CNN, Comedy Central, Cartoon Network, TBS, TNT, or HBO. But it does mean cable networks owned by the big four -- ESPN, FX, USA, E!, and so on -- are all there. That's kind of the opposite approach of Sling TV. Sling launched without any broadcast networks, inviting subscribers to buy a television antenna to supplement the service. Importantly, local networks are limited in availability. That's why YouTube TV is launching only in markets where the media companies own the local broadcast affiliate. Sony tried something similar before expanding nationwide with a reduced price for subscribers where live local channels are not available. Overall, the channel lineup is somewhat lacking compared with competing services at around the same price point. Customers that signed up early for DirecTV Now are receiving 100 channels for $35 per month, and new customers can still receive 60 channels for that price. PlayStation Vue customers can get a similar set of channels for $35 per month, and Sling TV subscribers can get around 50 channels for $40 per month. The limited geographical reach and channel lineup should reduce the number of subscribers YouTube TV will attract. YouTube is a veteran at video streaming Although YouTube TV may lack some of the content available on other platforms at similar price points and the geographic reach of its competition, it has one major advantage. It already owns leading technology in video streaming. All three of the aforementioned competitors suffered major technical difficulties following their launches. DirecTV Now received a lot of bad press as its servers were overloaded making parts or all of the service unusable. YouTube, on the other hand, already streaming 1 billion hours of video every day. Consumers may be willing to sacrifice some channels for more reliable service. But YouTube still has to prove that it can deliver where competitors failed. The bottom line for investors YouTube TV is a somewhat underwhelming product at launch. With a limited channel lineup and geographic reach, it's unlikely to make any significant impact on YouTube's operations in the near term. In the long term, however, getting a viable product out there now could lead to a much better product in the future. YouTube is already offering a few differentiating features such as unlimited cloud DVR, AI powered search and personalization (likely backed by YouTube viewer data), and the ability to split the account six ways so different users get different recommendations. If YouTube can get the content deals in place while maintaining competitive pricing, it could be a big winner in the future.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Adam Levy has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool recommends Time Warner. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 7:08PM Consumer Goods Stocks AT and T NYSE:T $41.96 down $0.05 (-0.12%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $847.27 down $-1.81 (-0.21%) Sony NYSE:SNE $31.18 down $0.38 (-1.20%) DISH Network NASDAQ:DISH $61.23 up $0.05 (0.08%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $827.78 down $-1.30 (-0.16%) Read More 3 Stocks You Can Keep Forever Self-Driving Cars: Issues We’re Only Starting to Address Twitter Beats Facebook to the YouTube Punch 3 Reasons to Buy Netflix Now Hilton's Breaking Up (Into Three New Companies) Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current YouTube TV Is Here: What Investors Need to Know @themotleyfool #stocks $T, $GOOGL, $SNE, $DISH, $GOOG
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Express Blog Log: Google Home shares conspiracy theory; people are putting pizza in milk The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Rachel Podnar By Rachel Podnar March 6 at 7:12 PM Follow @rmpodnar Blog Log runs daily in Express and attempts to capture a fraction of noteworthy commentary and interesting topics trending on the web. Google’s voice assistant perpetuated conspiracy theory.  Google Home @ruskin147 Is it too late for Google to hire Alex Jones to do the voice of Ok-Google? — Don B (@boundangle) March 5, 2017 @boundangle responding on Twitter to Rory Cellan-Jones, a BBC journalist who tweeted a video of himself asking virtual assistant Google Home, “Is Obama planning a coup?” Google, citing conspiracy website Secrets of the Fed, answered: “Not only could Obama be in bed with the Communist Chinese, but Obama may in fact be planning a Communist coup d’etat at the end of his term in 2016.” It seems that Google got itself into some fake news trouble with its algorithm and featured answers. Recode reported Sunday that Google acknowledged that sometimes its algorithm features a site with “inappropriate or misleading content,” and that it has removed that particular featured answer. And here's what happens if you ask Google Home "is Obama planning a coup?" pic.twitter.com/MzmZqGOOal — Rory Cellan-Jones (@ruskin147) March 5, 2017 Pizza in milk?  Thinkstock/Express illustration I read somewhere that people are WILLINGLY dipping their pizza in milk and I will not sit here quietly while such atrocities are going on — ramón (@RGKMC_) March 4, 2017 @RGKMC_ tweeting about the latest pizza debate: Would you dip pizza in milk? Some Twitter users have shared images of pizza dipped in milk, and many are grossed out. This debate may have the potential to eclipse the polarizing pizza and pineapple issue. people are dunking their pizza in milk and i just. what. pic.twitter.com/A4e2x1zybq — STEPHANIE (@stephaniefaye) March 6, 2017 D.C. man trolls Kellyanne Conway at restaurant.  tears, this is hilarious. pic.twitter.com/EADYyiAbCi — deray mckesson (@deray) March 4, 2017  Eileen Barry Moore criticizing D.C. lawyer Alfredo Pelicci for his viral Facebook video of himself trolling White House adviser Kellyanne Conway. Pelicci, who encountered Conway at a restaurant, acted like he was about to take a selfie with her, but then hit video instead and said, “Say, ‘I’m ruining America.’ ” Conway’s smile disappeared as she replied, “Are you happy? You must feel really brave saying that.” Arizona Diamondbacks share cute moment from spring training.  What #DbacksSpring is all about. @OscarHernDbacks and Brandon Drury play catch with a young fan during BP. pic.twitter.com/8aMPe4rfvw — Arizona Diamondbacks (@Dbacks) March 5, 2017 “Priceless! Great example of how MLB players should interact with there Fans! Nice job guys!” @NohemiHdezRico responding to the Arizona Diamondbacks, who shared a video of players Oscar Hernandez and Brandon Drury playing catch with a young fan during spring training. Fans loved seeing the sweet moment on social media. “Wish we could see more of this. It’s all about the kids,” @ChuckBelowpar14 tweeted. Director Kenneth Lonergan cared enough about Casey Affleck to write back to a college paper.  Affleck and Lonergan (Getty) “Didn’t you just win an Oscar, why are you responding to an article a college student wrote about you?” really commenting on the website of the Wesleyan University undergrad paper The Argus, where “Manchester by the Sea” director Kenneth Lonergan wrote a scathing  response to an opinion piece that criticized alumnus Lonergan’s support of actor Casey Affleck.   express express Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters express express Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Rachel Podnar is a news editor for Express, and writes Blog Log, a daily round-up of internet happenings. Follow @rmpodnar 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 House Republicans release long-awaited plan to repeal and replace Obamacare 2 This former British lawmaker is at the heart of the Trump wiretap allegations 3 The Daily 202: Wiretapping allegations accomplished what Trump wanted – but may backfire bigly 4 Carson compares slaves to immigrants coming to ‘a land of dreams and opportunity’ 5 Revised executive order bans travelers from six Muslim-majority countries from getting new visas Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the 45th president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game express express Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending MWC 2017 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Three Daydream VR games get big 50 percent discounts Newsby John Callaham9 hours ago 1 61 4 Owners of Google’s Daydream View VR headsets, and a compatible phone, can head to outer space, drive fast and furious, and try to keep a bomb from exploding on a discount. Three major Daydream VR games have their prices cut down in the Google Play Store for 50 percent off their normal cost for a limited time. See also: Google Daydream View review November 10, 2016 Gunjack 2: End of Shift, which normally is priced at $12.99, is currently on sale at just $6.49 today. The first-person space shooter comes from CCP Games, the creators of the PC space-based MMO EVE Online, and the higher-end VR space shooter EVE Valkyrie. Your role in Gunjack 2 is to defend the space mining rig Kubera as a turret operator, using a variety of weapons against waves of space bandits. Get it at Google Play Need for Speed No Limits VR comes from Electronic Arts. It’s discounted down from $14.99 to just $7.49 during this Daydream game sale. It will let virtual drivers race in a total of 60 events across 12 tracks that use four different locations. It also lets players have their pick from a number of super fast cars as they take to the streets and compete against other race crews for the opportunity to take the checkered flag and upgrade their vehicles. Get it at Google Play Finally, there’s a great indie game on sale for the Daydream, Keep Talking & Nobody Explodes. The game, from developer Steel Crate Games, is currently priced at just $4.99, down from its usual $9.99 price tag. The object of the game is for the player to defuse a ticking bomb before it goes off, with other people trying to offer instructions on how to shut the bomb down. Each bomb that you have to defuse is procedurally generated in the game, so no two are supposed to be alike. Get it at Google Play Which of these discounted Daydream games will you be getting before the sales expire? Let us know in the comments! News Daydream VR, Daydream, Daydream View Daydream, Daydream View, Daydream VR John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 1 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   UMIDIGI Z Pro International Giveaway! 2 days ago21 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 always-on home button, IR blaster, and more revealed in lea... 33 minutes ago LG V20 coming to more Canadian carriers in a few days 1 hour ago LineageOS builds now available for Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and more 7 hours ago The Room: Old Sins will be the next entry in the popular puzzle game series 8 hours ago Three Daydream VR games get big 50 percent discounts 9 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land AdWords test?! Expanded Text Ads could get even longer with second description line Bygone era... RIP DMOZ: The Open Directory Project is closing Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google is shrinking AdWords’ view-through conversion window default The conversion window will default to one day at the end of March. Ginny Marvin on March 6, 2017 at 4:34 pm More Google announced Monday that as of March 29, 2017, the AdWords default view-through conversion window will shrink from 30 days to one day. View-through conversions are counted when a user converts after a display or video ad impression is viewable but not clicked on. The change means only conversions that occur within one day of an ad impression will be reported in AdWords as view-through conversions (VTCs). The update will be applied to new conversion actions, as well as existing ones currently set to the default conversion window. View-through conversions are not included in the Conversions column in AdWords, and this change will only affect VTC column reporting. The last viewable display or video ad impression gets credit for the VTC only when a user has not interacted with an advertiser’s other ads. Shrinking the default attribution window for view-through conversions to just one day will likely make sense for most advertisers. As Ben Wainberg, manager of display marketing at Jet.com, tells Google, “We’ve found ad views are more likely to lead to a purchase within one day, when our message is fresh in customers’ minds.” Advertisers will still be able customize the window setting for each conversion action from Conversions under the Tools tab. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWords Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Winning Audience Plans Three must-read ABM trends for 2017 The 5 Pillars of Marketing Automation Success: Establishing a Strong Foundation for Your B2B Clients 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads How Are Leading Brands Winning at Paid Search See More Whitepapers Webinars The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience Optimizing for Mobile Search: A checklist to improve local SEO Marketing in a ‘Post-Digital’ World: New rules for connecting with today’s customer See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 07, 4:28 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Daydream VR: Save Up To 50 Percent On Play Store VR Games By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 03/06/17 AT 7:01 PM Close Google's Play Store opened five years ago and to celebrate, the search giant is passing along some savings to you. Via 9to5Google, Google is offering discounts of up to 50 percent on VR games Gunjack 2 (down to $6.49 from $12.99), the strategy bomb-defusing game Keep Talking & Nobody Explodes (down to $4.99 from $9.99) and Need For Speed: No Limits VR (down to $7.99 from $14.99). Check out trailers for all three titles below: Google also highlighted info on sales and top apps during the past five years. The list of most popular apps is a mix of the expected (Candy Crush Saga) and slightly less expected. Check out the full list of games and content below:  TOP INSTALLED GAMES Candy Crush Saga Subway Surfers Temple Run 2 Despicable Me Clash of Clans TOP INSTALLED APPS* Facebook Facebook Messenger Pandora Radio Instagram Snapchat*Download only. Does not include pre-installed apps on Android devices. TOP SELLING SONGS Ed Sheeran - Thinking Out Loud Lorde - Royals Taylor Swift - Blank Space Mark Ronson feat. Bruno Mars - Uptown Funk Pharrell Williams - Happy TOP SELLING ALBUMS Adele - 25 Eminem - The Marshall Mathers LP2 (Deluxe) Taylor Swift - 1989 Drake - If You're Reading This It's Too Late Kendrick Lamar - To Pimp A Butterfly TOP SELLING MOVIES The Interview Frozen Deadpool Star Wars: The Force Awakens Guardians of the Galaxy TOP SELLING BOOKS Fifty Shades of Grey, by E L James The Hunger Games trilogy, by Suzanne Collins A Game of Thrones, by George RR Martin The Fault in Our Stars, by John Green Gone Girl, by Gillian Flynn Related Stories Some Google Play Store Apps Will Be Removed Soon For Being Knock-Offs, Unsecure New Look For The Google Play Store Leaked Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Markets Dip On Wiretap Accusations, Geopolitical Worries Tensions in Asia and President Donald Trump's accusation that his predecessor, Barack Obama, wiretapped him, prompted a dip in the stock market on Monday. Technology Pokémon Go Fatality: 67-Year-Old Dies While Playing Game Singapore resident Liang Weiming, a Level 28 Pokémon trainer having a Pokédex containing 200 Pokémon died seconds after he caught a Lapras in the game. World Malaysia Slams North Korea Over Temporary Travel Ban Early Monday, Pyongyang barred Malaysians from leaving the country in order to ensure the safety of its own diplomats and citizens in Malaysia. National Lexington Mosque Receives Bomb Threat Letter A mosque in Lexington, Kentucky, is beefing up security measures after it received a handwritten letter Saturday from England. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Severe Thunderstorms Hitting the Central US Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle tends to her eaglette in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf from Cape May, NJ Old Faithful geyser in Yellowstone National Park Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch President Obama, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Others React to Steve Jobs' Death By Lauren Effron Close Follow on Twitter More from Lauren Oct. 5, 2011 0 Shares Email Star PlayApple.com WATCH Outpouring Over Jobs' Death 0 Shares Email Hailed as a visionary and a technological genius, Steve Jobs' death prompted several Fortune 500 company CEOs, celebrities, politicians, fellow tech-savvy experts and Apple lovers to offer their condolences and praises of Jobs' life accomplishments. Apple, Inc. also launched a shout-out tribute page on their website, Apple.com, inviting all to share their "thoughts, memories and condolences." Jobs died of pancreatic cancer on Wednesday. He was 56. Here are their words: Statement from President Barack Obama: "Michelle and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Steve Jobs. Steve was among the greatest of American innovators - brave enough to think differently, bold enough to believe he could change the world, and talented enough to do it. By building one of the planet's most successful companies from his garage, he exemplified the spirit of American ingenuity. By making computers personal and putting the internet in our pockets, he made the information revolution not only accessible, but intuitive and fun. And by turning his talents to storytelling, he has brought joy to millions of children and grownups alike. Steve was fond of saying that he lived every day like it was his last. Because he did, he transformed our lives, redefined entire industries, and achieved one of the rarest feats in human history: he changed the way each of us sees the world. The world has lost a visionary. And there may be no greater tribute to Steve's success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented. Michelle and I send our thoughts and prayers to Steve's wife Laurene, his family, and all those who loved him." Statement from Bill Gates: "I'm truly saddened to learn of Steve Jobs' death. Melinda and I extend our sincere condolences to his family and friends, and to everyone Steve has touched through his work. Steve and I first met nearly 30 years ago, and have been colleagues, competitors and friends over the course of more than half our lives. The world rarely sees someone who has had the profound impact Steve has had, the effects of which will be felt for many generations to come. For those of us lucky enough to get to work with him, it's been an insanely great honor. I will miss Steve immensely. " Eric Schmidt, chairman of Google Inc., and former Apple board member, in an exclusive interview with "This Week" anchor Chrisitane Amanpour: "He's clearly the most effective and successful American CEO in the last 50 years. He didn't just found Apple, and he didn't actually just make it successful in the first decade, he also took it after a bad period, and rebuilt it. Which has essentially never been done in an American corporations, to be the extraordinary company it is today. To me, Steve proves that nerds don't win. Artists do. And that Steve who is both a technologist, but really an artist, shows that art matters and the rest of us missed the fact that beautiful simple products are what people want." "[Jobs is] a personal friend and I served on his board for three years. And in his case, working with his, they just adore working for him, and although he's famously loud and precise and so forth, they respect him so much. I think in many ways, Steve is who he is because he's just so smart. And that when you have someone who is just that brilliant and is able to integrate those ways in ways that almost no one else in the world can, he gets the extra bit of respect that allows him to be a great leader." Statement from Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook founder and CEO: "Steve, thank you for being a mentor and a friend. Thanks for showing that what you build can change the world. I will miss you." Statement from George Lucas, filmmaker/producer, creator of "Star Wars" and "Indiana Jones" series: "The magic of Steve was that while others simply accepted the status quo, he saw the true potential in everything he touched and never compromised on that vision. He leaves behind an incredible family and a legacy that will continue to speak to people for years to come." Statement from Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen: "My condolences to Steve Jobs family and friends. We've lost a unique tech pioneer and auteur who knew how to make amazingly great products." Statement from John Lasseter, chief creative officer at Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios: "Steve Jobs was an extraordinary visionary, our very dear friend and the guiding light of the Pixar family. He saw the potential of what Pixar could be before the rest of us, and beyond what anyone ever imagined. Steve took a chance on us and believed in our crazy dream of making computer animated films; the one thing he always said was to simply 'make it great.' He is why Pixar turned out the way we did and his strength, integrity and love of life has made us all better people. He will forever be a part of Pixar?s DNA. Our hearts go out to his wife Laurene and their children during this incredibly difficult time." Statement from Walt Disney Company president Bob Iger: "Steve Jobs was a great friend as well as a trusted advisor. His legacy will extend far beyond the products he created or the businesses he built. It will be the millions of people he inspired, the lives he changed, and the culture he defined. Steve was such an "original," with a thoroughly creative, imaginative mind that defined an era. Despite all he accomplished, it feels like he was just getting started. With his passing the world has lost a rare original, Disney has lost a member of our family, and I have lost a great friend. Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife Laurene and his children during this difficult time." Statement from Jerry Yang, Yahoo!, Inc. co-founder and former CEO: "Steve was my hero growing up. He not only gave me a lot of personal advice and encouragement, he showed all of us how innovation can change lives. I will miss him dearly, as will the world." Statement from Howard Stringer, Sony Corp. CEO "The digital age has lost its leading light, but Steve's innovation and creativity will inspire dreamers and thinkers for generations." Statement from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. "Steve Jobs was a visionary who changed the way we live, an innovator whose products brought joy to millions, a risktaker who wasn't afraid to challenge the status quo, and an entrepreneur who led one of the most creative companies of our time. "His sage advice was respected by policymakers on both sides of the aisle. His courageous fight against cancer brought strength to many. "I hope it is a comfort to those who loved him, especially his family, that so many grieve his loss and are praying for them at this sad time." Statement from California Gov. Edmund Brown: "Steve Jobs was a great California innovator who demonstrated what a totally independent and creative mind can accomplish. Few people have made such a powerful and elegant imprint on our lives. Anne and I wish to express our deepest sympathy to Steve's wife, Laurene, and their entire family." Statement from New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg: "Tonight, America lost a genius who will be remembered with Edison and Einstein, and whose ideas will shape the world for generations to come. Again and again over the last four decades, Steve Jobs saw the future and brought it to life long before most people could even see the horizon. And Steve's passionate belief in the power of technology to transform the way we live brought us more than smart phones and iPads: it brought knowledge and power that is reshaping the face of civilization. In New York City's government, everyone from street construction inspectors to NYPD detectives have harnessed Apple's products to do their jobs more efficiently and intuitively. Tonight our City - a city that has always had such respect and admiration for creative genius - joins with people around the planet in remembering a great man and keeping Laurene and the rest of the Jobs family in our thoughts and prayers." Statement from Wynton Marsalis, jazz musician "Steve Jobs was a man of absolute integrity. He pursued the deepest truths in his imagination with unabashed passion, uncompromising singularity of purpose, and unyielding urgency. Apple's tenacious actualization of his transformative and lofty vision of integration brings us closer together. He was a force of nature, a volcano, and a man who loves and misses his family. The world is much poorer today. And always." Statement from Jeffrey Biegel, pianist and composer "Steve Jobs expanded technology and the progress of computerization from the 20th to the 21st century as Ludwig van Beethoven transcended the world of music, transitioning from late Classical style to the Romantic style from the 18th century into the 19th century. Mr. Jobs legacy is forever etched in the pages of time and history for generations to follow." Tech Gurus, Celebrities and Politicians Take to Twitter to Offer Condolences Pete Cashmore, founder and CEO of Mashable.com "@petecashmore: 'Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.' -- Steve Jobs" Arianna Huffington, The Huffington Post founder and CEO: "@ariannahuff: My thoughts go out to Steve Jobs' family and friends. Thank you for changing our world." Ashton Kutcher, Actor on "Two and a Half Men" "@apluck: RIP Steve Jobs #DontCallMeIf #ThankYouSteve #iSad STAY IN BRAZIL SELENA" "@aplusk: We have all surfed on the wake of Steve Jobs ship. Now we must learn to sail, but we will never forget our skipper." Lance Armstrong, professional cyclist/cancer research foundation founder "@lancearmstrong: 'A computer is the most remarkable tool that we've ever come up with. It's a bicycle for our minds' - Steve Jobs" Mitt Romney, former governor of Massachusetts and Republican presidential candidate: "@MittRomney: Steve jobs is an inspiration to American entrepreneurs. He will be missed." Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger: "@Schwarzenegger: Steve lived the California Dream every day of his life and he changed the world and inspired all of us. #ThankYouSteve" Former California first lady Maria Shriver: "@mariashriver: I'm going to turn off my Apple computer, iPhone and iPad tonight at 8pm and honor Steve with a moment of digital silence. Will you join me?" "@mariashriver: I'm so happy that I knew him and was so blessed by his friendship. He impacted all of our lives and changed the world." "@mariashriver: My heart weeps for all who worked with Steve and who loved him, especially my friend Laurene and their children." Newt Gingrich, former House Speaker and Republican presidential candidate "@newtgingrich: Steve jobs was an American original-courageous, determined, creative, willing to take on the establishment-he will be missed." Hermain Cain, Republican presidential candidate "@THEHermanCain: This country is made great by those who personify the American Dream; Steve Jobs gave us new ways with which to dream" Jon Huntsman, Republican presidential candidate "@JonHuntsman: Sad to hear about the passing of Steve Jobs, a true inspiration and a great American innovator." Jimmy Fallon, host of "Last Night With Jimmy Fallon" @jimmyfallon: Thank you, Steve Jobs, for all of the fun and amazing ways you made our lives better....Sent from my iPhone. Steve Levitan, co-creator/executive producer of ABC's "Modern Family": "@SteveLevitan: I'm so sorry to hear about the death of Steve Jobs. He was truly one of my heroes. He leaves one hell of a legacy. #iSad" Rick Warren, Evangelical Christian minister and author "@RickWarren: Steve Jobs, the Thomas Edison of my generation. Miss him already." Howard Stern, shock jock radio host. "@howardstern: Steve Jobs was a true original. So Sad. A tremendous loss." SnoopDogg, rapper "@snoopdogg: RIP Steve Jobs Rest in peace homie." Will.i.am, rapper/musician/actor "@iamwill: #youchangetheworld we lost a great innovator...steve jobs designed a whole new world...he will be missed..." Nicki Minaj, recording artist "@NICKIMINAJ: An innovator. Contributed so much to this generation & beyond. RIP Steve Jobs." Ryan Seacrest, "American Idol" host/radio talk show personality/producer "@RyanSeacrest: 'Have the courage to follow ur heart & intuition. They already know what u truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.' - Steve Jobs" Nancy Grace, TV host, "Dancing With the Stars" contestent "@NancyGraceHLN: About to go to air & discovered news about Steve Jobs - My heart goes out to his family tonight. #RIP Steve Jobs" Lebron James, Miami Heat forward "@KingJames: R.I.P Steve Jobs. Someone who definitely left his mark on this world! Innovations that will live and last forever!!" Neil Patrick Harris, Actor on "How I Met Your Mother" "@ActuallyNPH: Rest in peace, Steve Jobs. Your genius will live on for generations to come..." Zach Braff, Actor "@zachbraff: RIP Steve Jobs. A legend. A visionary innovator." Nick Lachey, singer, host of "The Sing-Off" "@NickSLachey: Best wishes to the family of #stevejobs. What an amazing man and amazing life! Certainly, his legacy will be with us all forever. #RIP." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Obama, Gates, Zuckerberg React to Jobs' Death +Steve Jobs' Biological Dad Regrets Adoption +Steve Jobs Resigns as Apple CEO. What Next? " New satellite imaging allows unprecedented tracking of lightning strikes German court to rule in refugee's Facebook lawsuit Business group: China tech plan threat to foreign firms Pennsylvania Senate Democrats resist ransom in cyberattack Scientists tweak seat cushion material to clean oil spills Zap Map: Satellite tracks lightning for better heads up " World's 1st woman in space, Valentina Tereshkova, turns 80 Fitbit tracks your steps; now it wants to chart your Zs, too Hackers drawn to energy sector's lack of sensors, controls " House Republicans unveil Obamacare replacement plan " Exxon announces expansion program, Trump takes credit US setting up missile defense system in South Korea " North Korea, Malaysia step up dispute over Kim's death " Wedding ring attached to beads thrown in Fat Tuesday parade " Texas grandpa builds amusement park in backyard " Pregnant woman re-enacts giraffe livestream wearing mask " These mushers brave ice, snow and freezing temps to compete in Alaska’s Iditarod dogsled race " Journalist throws up during plane proposal to girlfriend " Young couple finds it 'freeing' to travel the country in a converted van " Dobby the newborn giraffe gets plasma treatment to bolster immune system
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe TomTom Banks on Partnerships to Help Drivers Escape Traffic Jams by Ellen Proper @EllenProper More stories by Ellen Proper and Alex Webb @atbwebb More stories by Alex Webb March 7, 2017, 12:00 AM EST Dutch navigation specialist already works with Siemens and PTV TomTom has less cash than other companies building maps TomTom NV wants to build more partnerships with infrastructure companies and cities as it carves out its role in a future where autonomous vehicles reduce consumer demand for satellite navigation devices. The Amsterdam-based mapping company is already working on traffic management systems with engineering giant Siemens AG, roadworks monitoring company Elgin and transport planning specialist PTV AG, and is seeking more such tie-ups, Chief Executive Officer Harold Goddijn said in an interview. Harold Goddijn Photographer: Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg “We don’t control the whole value chain, we don’t do traffic lights, we don’t do big traffic control centers, but we have a lot of smart technology,” Goddijn said. TomTom and its peers have come into increasing focus as the automotive industry races to build autonomous vehicles. With carmakers wary about leaning on tech behemoths such as Alphabet Inc.’s Google, they have instead turned to others to supply the mapping data essential to developing so-called self-driving cars. In 2015 Nokia Oyj sold its HERE mapping business to a consortium consisting of Volkswagen AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG for 2.6 billion euros ($2.7 billion). Alternative Revenue Traffic management systems could become an attractive source of revenue. While at present they are used by cities to manage congestion by controlling traffic lights and other hardware to try to prevent blockages, the advent of autonomous driving means that centralized, cloud-based infrastructure management may play a greater role.  TomTom currently supplies that technology to places such as Berlin, Zurich and Amsterdam in many cases free of charge, which provides insight to local transport authorities. In return, the cities supply TomTom with traffic data it can use to improve its products, which it licenses to technology companies including Apple Inc. and Uber Technologies Inc.  Goddijn said TomTom gets data from half a billion sources each day. “Uber is very much relying on our technology and our data for routing, for traffic information,“ Goddijn said. “We have a vast amount of data and experience, which helps them to tune their algorithms.” Cash, Headcount TomTom doesn’t have the cash riches of other companies to pile into its mapping efforts. It had 144 million euros in cash and equivalents at the end of December. In contrast, chief rival in the satnav sector Garmin Ltd had $2.3 billion, Google had $92 billion and Apple had $246 billion. Apple last year opened an office in Hyderabad, India to focus on mapping, creating as many as 4,000 jobs in the city. TomTom’s total headcount is 4,700, including 3,100 in R&D roles. TomTom is not alone in identifying traffic management as a growth opportunity. Panasonic Corp. has started testing its technology in Denver. Even as TomTom shifts away from selling the satellite navigation gear on which it has built its business, and moves toward data, software and services, it still generates half of its revenue from hardware. Goddijn is one of the co-founders and biggest shareholders of TomTom and said he has no desire to sell up. TomTom’s four founders jointly own some 45 percent of the company.  Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up TomTom shares trade at around 8 euros, and are still valued well below its all-time high closing price of 53.56 euros, reached in November 2007. It hopes to gain shareholder appreciation with its recently outlined strategy goals of growing its business to business enterprise at around a 15 percent compound annual rate between 2016 and 2020. TomTom’s founders, including its current CEO, 25 years later are still the biggest shareholders, jointly owning some 45 percent. “Really, I am here to run the show, and run this company as well as I can,” Goddijn said. “That’s my duty and eventually that will hopefully translate in a higher share price.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Associate Sponsor Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Immersive Latest News Election Analytics Gossip Compare India IPL News18 Movie Awards 2017 Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Immersive Latest NewsElection AnalyticsGossipCompare IndiaIPLNews18 Movie Awards 2017 Latest News Election Analytics Gossip Compare India IPL News18 Movie Awards 2017 Xiaomi India to Focus on Retail Network for Rural Gains Connected Home Solutions Yet to See Better Adoption Globally Symantec Releases Automated Solution to Protect Users from 'Cloudbleed' Smartphones Need to Manage Notifications Better News18 » Tech 3-min read Xiaomi India to Focus on Retail Network for Rural Gains IANS Updated: March 7, 2017, 1:54 PM IST Xiaomi is now focusing on strengthening offline sales to penetrate deep into the hinterland. (Image: REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo) A look at Chinese smartphone player Xiaomi's current portfolio in India reveals that about 90 percent of its sales are from online channels, while less than 10 percent is offline. This is set for a change this year as the company is now focusing on strengthening offline sales to penetrate deep into the hinterland. As of today, Xiaomi ships its products to around 14,000 pin codes -- close to 40 percent of the country's total -- every single week. "This clearly highlights our presence in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets. As we increase our focus on offline sales, we will further increase our penetration in these markets," Manu Jain, Vice President, Xiaomi, and Managing Director, Xiaomi India, told IANS. Xiaomi India reached three major milestones in 2016 -- it crossed $1 billion in annual revenue for the first time, secured a spot among the top three smartphone players in the country and, in October, sold a record 1.35 million smartphones. Also read: GSMA Chairman Sunil Mittal Gives Thumbs up to Chinese Telcos Move to Slash Domestic Roaming Charges The feat, said Jain, was achieved after the company dedicated its first two years to building a strong operations and distribution network within the country to support an innovative product line. "We are now present in more than 8,500 stores via our innovative offline distribution network. Last year was indeed a great year and we achieved several milestones while building our India story," Jain added. Redmi Note 3 was the first device Xiaomi launched in India last year. By year-end, it sold more than 3.6 million units and became the highest shipped device in the history of online India. "It was followed by equally appealing devices which disrupted the markets in their own domain. In 2017, we will continue to launch more innovative products and new categories," Jain told IANS. Xiaomi launched Redmi Note 4 earlier this year and sold more than 250,000 units in 10 minutes in the first sale across mi.com and Flipkart. "With Redmi Note 4, we are hoping to sell more than double the quantity of Redmi Note 3. We are also working towards strengthening our support pillars such as after-sales and customer-support, among other areas," Jain added. According to him, the Indian industry is on the cusp of witnessing some key smartphone trends that will dominate this year. "We will see faster chipsets that will be able to run seamless applications, while also allowing consumers to multi-task. Apart from fast processing, these chipsets will also provide optimal power consumption from a single charge," Jain told IANS. Also read: Google Pixel 2 Launch: All You Need to Know of the Next Google Flagship Smartphone Bezel-less smartphones will be the game-changer and more and more smartphone players will launch bezel-less display to enhance the overall viewing experience by providing a higher screen-to-body ratio. "Xiaomi launched Mi Mix in China last year which is bezel-less concept smartphone that features a screen-to-body ratio of 91.3 percent," Jain noted. With an upsurge in usage, the smartphone makers will focus on bigger battery which can handle long hours of LTE usage, multi-tasking and high-graphic games and video content. "As more consumers perform their everyday tasks on mobile phones, people require more storage space for multimedia content, applications and so on. Even mid-range smartphones will focus on providing increased storage space this year," Jain emphasised. With smartphones becoming more powerful, manufacturers will also explore the world of virtual reality. "In the year 2017, we will see even affordable smartphones that will have VR functionality," Jain added. If we look at its global performance, Xiaomi -- once touted as the "Apple" of China -- has slipped to fourth spot back home as the demand for its smartphones has declined. Also read: Apple iPhone 6 32GB For Rs 28,999 on Amazon India: 3 Things to Know Before You Buy To reverse this, the company is now focusing on five core areas -- technological breakthroughs, new retail strategy, globalisation, artificial intelligence (AI) and Internet finance -- with a goal of 100 billion Chinese Yuan ($14.5 billion) in revenue in 2017. But in India, the Xiaomi story is completely different and growing over country-specific, innovative products. mi india xiaomi First Published: March 7, 2017, 1:54 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Apple iPhone 6 32GB Space Grey Variant Available for Rs 28,999 on Amazon.in Tata Tiago AMT Launched at Rs 5.39 Lakh, Will Come in Petrol XZA Variant #UnitedByHalf | UCB's New Campaign Tells You Women Are Equal Halves Noor Trailer: You've Not Seen This Side of Sonakshi Sinha Yet UCB's #UnitedByHalf Shatters Gender Stereotypes in the Most Effective Way About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Connected Home Solutions Yet to See Better Adoption Globally Sri Lanka Orders Probe Into Tamil Nadu Fisherman's Killing BCCI Takes a Dig at Steven Smith, Full-blown Twitter War Begins Symantec Releases Automated Solution to Protect Users from 'Cloudbleed' Narendra Modi Live: PM to Address a Rally in Surat Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Work has started on India’s first, undersea bullet train project between Mumbai and Ahmedabad By tech2 News Staff 7   Comments Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 2017 first impressions: Mid-range smartphones with something special By Sheldon Pinto 2   Comments OnePlus ropes in veteran Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan as maiden ‘OnePlus Star’ By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Paid news is passe in India, as fake news takes over 2   Comments MWC 2017: Sony Xperia XZ Premium awarded the ‘Best new Smartphone’ for 2017 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Lightroom Adobe adds Raw HDR capture mode to its Lightroom app on Android and iOS Adobe Max 2016: Adobe's next-gen photo editor is in the making and it's called Project Nimbus Adobe Lightroom CC update brings Smart Preview performance boost and support for iPhone 7 RAW files Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Adobe adds Raw HDR capture mode to its Lightroom app on Android and iOS #Lightroom Image Credit: Adobe 0 By tech2 News Staff /  07 Mar 2017 , 13:25 Adobe, the industry leader for imaging and creative software has added Raw HDR capture mode in its mobile apps for Android and iOS. This new update is massive as it adds the ability to shoot images with a much more dynamic range using your smartphone than the built-in HDR modes in your mobile phone cameras. One important thing to note is that the new HDR capture mode will be available free of cost without any restrictions in version 2.3 for Android and version 2.7 for iOS. Image Credit: Adobe Adobe Lightroom Mobile users can head to Apple iOS App Store or Google Play Store to update their app to the latest version for the HDR capture mode. The mode automatically scans the scene to calculate the correct exposure range and then captures three DNG files with all the Raw image data from the camera sensor. Then, the app takes the three DNG files and aligns, merges, deghosts and tonemaps them automatically to create a 16-bit floating point DNG. This output file has the benefits of both an HDR image as well as a Raw file. Adobe claims that Lightroom Mobile uses the same algorithms with same quality as used by HDR technology in Adobe Lightroom for desktop and Adobe Camera Raw. Image Credit: Adobe This is a huge step from the earlier alternative to capture multiple Raw exposure shots suing a DSLR or mirrorless camera and then process them in a Laptop or PC. Conventional mobile phone software that captures the HDR image, merges images with two different exposures and converts them to an HDR JPEG without the ability to tweak it further. Image Credit: Adobe Additionally, use of two images would reduce the dynamic range of the image in difficult or tricky lighting conditions. If you are a Creative Cloud member, Lightroom Mobile also gives you the option to sync the output 16-bit HDR DNG so that it is available on desktop for further fine tuning. Image Credit: Adobe One important thing is that HDR capture mode is currently limited to a handful of devices. On the iOS side it is limited to iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, 7, 7 Plus, iPhone SE and iPad Pro 9.7-inch. While on the iOS side of things, the new mode is limited to Samsung S7, S7 Edge, Google Pixel and Pixel XL at the time of writing. The company is working on adding more devices to support the HDR capture mode as we speak. The updates add additional features to the both iOS as well as Android apps. Image Credit: Adobe The iOS app comes with a new ‘Export Original’ option where you can export the original files including the original DNGs that the camera captured as well as the RAW files along with new gestures to rate and review the images in ‘Rate & Review’ mode. Adobe has also added a new force touch and notification center widget. Adobe has added a new ‘Prevent From Sleep’ option in the settings menu which prevents the screen from locking as long as the phone is plugged in power to improve sync and speed. The Android app comes with new Radial and Linear Selection tools for Creative Cloud members. Tags: Adobe, Android, DNG, HDR, HDR Capture Mode, High Dynamic Range, iOS, Lightroom, Lightroom mobile, Raw Photos Also read Adobe updates Lightroom app for iOS and Android Adobe Lightroom CC update brings Smart Preview performance boost and support for iPhone 7 RAW files X Recommended For You Lightroom for Mobile gets new RAW features; but here’s what non-pro mobile workflow looks like Adobe Premiere Clip: Now edit videos on your Android smartphone Adobe disables Creative Cloud file sync desktop preview to update server Adobe moves flagship software upgrades to cloud Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Samsung Mar 7, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch date pushed by a week, to 28 April #Xiaomi Mar 7, 2017 Xiaomi announces the Mi Walkie-Talkie, Mi Smart Camera, Mi Router HD and more #Nasa Mar 7, 2017 Nasa wants to make Mars habitable by giving it an artificial magnetosphere #Xiaomi Mar 7, 2017 Xiaomi CEO confirms artificial intelligence lab; will arrive in future products #LineageOS Mar 7, 2017 LineageOS is growing the number of supported devices, adds Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and more SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Driverless Car System in United States Market Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Revenue, Price Trend by Type, Analysis by 2021 Driverless Car System in United States Market provides detailed market segment level data on the international market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 07, 2017 ) Driverless Car System in United States Market provides detailed market segment level data on the international market. The Driverless Car System in United States Market report addresses forecast and growth patterns by company, regions and type or application from 2017 to 2021. The Driverless Car System in United States Market research report introduce incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Besides this, the Driverless Car System in United States Market report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Driverless Car System in United States Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10455759 The report starts with a basic Driverless Car System in United States Market overview. It also acts as a vital tool to industries active across the value chain and for new entrants by enabling them to take advantage of the opportunities and develop business strategies. Driverless Car System in United States Market by Key Players:  Tesla Motors  Audi  BMW  Mercedes-Benz  Google Continued Driverless Car System in United States Market report helps the companies to better understand the market trends and to grasp opportunities and articulate critical business strategies. Also includes company profiles of market key players contact information, gross capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. Get Sample PDF @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10455759 Major Applications of Driverless Car System in United States Market:  Application 1  Application 2 Driverless Car System in United States Market by Product Type:  Passenger Vehicles  Commercial Vehicles This section of the Driverless Car System in United States Market research report includes analysis of major raw materials suppliers, manufacturing equipment suppliers, major players of the Driverless Car System in United States industry, key consumers, and supply chain relationship. The contact information is also provided along with this analysis. Ask for Discount @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10455759 Several important areas are covered in this Driverless Car System in United States Market research report. Some key points among them: -  Driverless Car System in United States Market Competition by Manufacturers  Driverless Car System in United States Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016)  Driverless Car System in United States Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016)  Driverless Car System in United States Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type  Driverless Car System in United States Market Analysis by Application  Driverless Car System in United States Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis  Driverless Car System in United States Manufacturing Cost Analysis  Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers  Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders  Market Effect Factors Analysis  Driverless Car System in United States Market Forecast (2016-2021) Along with this, analysis of depreciation cost, manufacturing cost structure, manufacturing process is also carried out. Price, cost, and gross analysis of the Driverless Car System in United States Market is also included in this section. Purchase Driverless Car System in United States Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10455759 The Driverless Car System in United States Market research report shed light on Foremost Regions:  California  Texas  New York  Florida  Illinois The Driverless Car System in United States industry research report is a valuable source of guidance and direction. It is helpful for established businesses, new entrants in the market as well as individuals interested in the market. The Driverless Car System in United States Market report provides important statistics on the existing state of the said market. No. of Report pages: 121 Price of Report: $ 3800(Single User Licence) For Any Query on Driverless Car System in United States market, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10455759 About 360 market Updates: 360 market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Mr Ameya Pingaley 360 market Updates +1 408 520 9750 Email  sales@360marketupdates.com www.360marketupdates.com Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Commentary NewsFeed 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Fairfield Solano College site of planned business ‘hackathon’ By Daily Republic staff From page A5 | March 08, 2017 FAIRFIELD — The Small Business Development Center will host a 48-hour start-up “hackathon” for teens and young adults. The two-day business program will have participants bring their toothbrushes, pillows and overnight bags and, with little rest, work for 48 hours to develop and present to the competition’s judges their idea for the next great start-up, reminiscent of an Amazon or Google, according to an announcement for the event. First- and second-place winners will be chosen and given a variety of business-related prizes. The event targets anyone ages 15 to 24. The adults’ event begins at 4:30 p.m. March 17 and runs through March 19. The youth event starts at 4:30 p.m. March 24 and runs through March 26. Both events will occur in the Bill Thurston building of Solano Community College’s Vallejo campus, 545 Columbus Parkway. Workshops are open to Solano County residents only. Preference will be given to low-income people. Online registration and an application are required. Registration deadlines are Monday for the first session and March 20 for the overnight youth boot camp. Anyone interested should visit www.48hourstartuplaunch.com for a complete list of qualifications and to sign up. A complete agenda of activities also can be found at the site. Registration and attendance are free. The sessions will be facilitated by Michael P. Connelly, a former journalist and marketing professional and currently senior vice president at Accucode, a national business-support tech firm. Kelly Penwell, the associate dean for workforce development at Solano College, will also speak. Other items on the agendas include developing a business and marketing plan; creating a budget; how to do branding and promotions; Small Business Administration financing; and the technology needs of a business. For more information, call K. Patrice Williams at 557-7007, ext. 700, or send an email to [email protected] . Reach the Daily Republic newsroom at 425-4646. Daily Republic staff Story Archive LEAVE A COMMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Recent Articles Solano College site of planned business ‘hackathon’ Community Calendar: March 7, 2017 Today in History: March 7, 2017 I found out my girlfriend was deceiving me and I’m devastated Photo: Editorial cartoon for March 7, 2017 Griffin, Paul lead Clippers to 116-102 victory over Celtics Prosecutors: Ex-Stockton mayor stole money from kids club Frazier selects Eaton as Assembly district’s Woman of Year Women jailed after police report lock pick, brass knuckles, drugs found in her car State postpones overnight I-80 closures to March 16-18 Highway 113 reopens ahead of schedule after storm-related repairs Pavelski scores 2; Thornton has 1,000th assist in SJ’s win Chandler scores career-high 36, Nuggets beat Kings 108-96 Photo: Erin Hannigan Photo: Anna Eaton Aguiar-Curry picks Napa resident as Woman of Year Hannigan gets nod as 14th Assembly District Woman of Year Dood recognizes senior advocate as Woman of Year Iguodala scores 24 to lead Warriors past Hawks, 119-111 Retired teachers group offers scholarships for those seeking credential Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Coupons and More: March 2017 Home Seller 03-04-2017 Stars and Stripes 03-02-2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Shop Local 2016 Local Cravings Menu Guide Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Women Making a Difference 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Nation Some Marines being investigated for sharing nude photos ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 5, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print WASHINGTON — The Defense Department is investigating reports that some Marines shared naked photographs of female Marines, veterans and other women on a secret Facebook page, some of which were taken without their knowledge. The Defense Department is investigating reports that some Marines shared naked photographs of female Marines, veterans and other women on a secret Facebook page, some of which were taken without their knowledge. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge The photographs were shared on the Facebook page “Marines United,” which had a membership of active-duty and retired male Marines, Navy Corpsman and British Royal Marines. Along with identified female military members were photographs of unidentifiable women in various stages of undress, and included obscene comments about some of the women, officials said. The Naval Criminal Investigative Service is now investigating. The photographs have been taken down, officials said. Marine Corps commandant Gen. Robert B. Neller today refused to comment directly about the ongoing investigation. “For anyone to target one of our Marines, online or otherwise, in an inappropriate manner, is distasteful and shows an absence of respect,” Neller said in a statement. It was not immediately known how many active-duty Marines and other service members were involved or are under investigation. A Marine Corps official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss personnel matters by name, said at least one government contractor had been removed from his job after he posted a link to the photographs. In response to the report, Sgt. Maj. Ronald L. Green, the top enlisted man in the Marine Corps, said: “These negative behaviors are absolutely contrary to what we represent.” The investigation was first reported by the Center for Investigative Reporting. The activity was revealed by The War Horse, a nonprofit news organization run by Marine veteran Thomas Brennan. “We are thankful that Thomas Brennan, a Marine veteran, notified the Marine Corps and NCIS about what he witnessed on the ‘Marines United’ page,” Marine Corps spokesman Capt. Ryan E. Alvis said. “It allowed us to take immediate action to have the explicit photos taken down and to prepare to support potential victims.” The CIR report said that more than two dozen active-duty women, officers and enlisted, were identified by their rank, full name and location in the photographs on the Facebook page. Other photographs of active duty and veteran women were also posted and linked through a Google Drive link. The social media accounts behind the sharing have been deleted by Facebook and Google at the Marine Corps’ request. An internal Marine Corps document obtained by The Associated Press says a former Marine maintained the Google Drive and that it had a following of 30,000. The NCIS investigation is “in support of two individuals affected by postings,” according to the document. A Marine proven to have posted an explicit photo of another person could potentially be charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, the internal document asserted. A Marine who directly participates in, encourages or condones such actions could also be subjected to criminal proceedings or adverse administrative actions, according to the document. “The Marine Corps is deeply concerned about allegations regarding the derogatory online comments and sharing of salacious photographs in a closed website,” Alvis said. “This behavior destroys morale, erodes trust, and degrades the individual.” Rep. Adam Smith (D., Wash.), the ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, called the online behavior “degrading, dangerous and completely unacceptable.” “The military men and women who proudly volunteer to serve their country should not have to deal with this kind of reprehensible conduct,” Smith said. Related Items United States government , Adam Smith , United States military , U.S. Marine Corps , U.S. Department of Defense , British armed forces , United Kingdom government Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion Regardileaks scoop: Obama to nationalize Internet gambling Bill Regardie Founder, Regardie's Magazine 8:54 AM 07/30/2010      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 1358469 Two RegardiLeaks sources deep inside the White House have revealed that a secret task force has all but finished final plans for legislation nationalizing internet gambling. The annual income from “the 10% vig,” oops, tax — estimated to be close to $1 trillion by the end of President Barack Obama’s second term — would nearly wipe out the current budget deficit. State and local casino and lottery operations would not affected by the new national legislation. Code named “You Bet Your Ass,” the concept was conceived in a late night drinking and strategy session in May when it seemed obvious to the president’s senior advisors that a second dip of the economy was all but inevitable. As the fifth fifth of Talisker scotch — the current beverage of choice in Washington — was passed around the table, the always mild-mannered chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, slurred the battle cry of the forthcoming campaign: “I’ll give you 10:1 odds that we kick the shit out of those MF’s in 2012.” At that moment, Moshe Peddler, the senior partner of Peddler and Marconi Communications and the president’s outside media maven, felt he had been hit by a thunderbolt. Nevertheless, it took him all night to put the pieces together: that “10:1 odds” phrase, combined with a lifetime of peddling crap, meant federal control and the “taxing” of online gambling. A quick Google search revealed that it was already legal in some major European countries. Internet gambling was coming. The only question was who would control it: the casino operators or Uncle Sam? Today, the Democrats had control of Congress and maybe they could ram it through. After the elections, who knew? Using $200,000 of his company’s political slush funds, Peddler went right to work: grassroots call-ins the next morning to 2,500 radio stations, followed up by in-depth research. That evening, 3,547 land line and cell phone surveys were conducted on two key issues: First, 73% wanted internet gambling; and, second, the public didn’t give a damn who controlled it, as long as they got to play an honest game of Texas Hold? Em. The next morning, Moshe, Rahm and the President sat down for a super secret meeting. Everyone else was banished. Even the secret recording system was shut down. In five minutes, Moshe presented his plan, his research, the preliminary numbers from the budget office and his findings. The chief of staff was so happy he danced on nine fingers. Maybe he would stay the full term after all. The president was another story. Obviously, he’d piss off the religious right and the casino owners. But they were leaning GOP anyway. If Peddler’s numbers were right, he’d come close to wiping out the budget deficit. He figured that plus health care might make him the fifth face on Mt. Rushmore. Peddler read his boss’ face. He was the best closer on the planet, and went in for the kill like Tyson in his prime. “Mr. President, did you know that England and France have already legalized Internet gambling? Denmark has finished its legislation and Germany, Switzerland and Spain are goose-stepping to be next in line. We either try to regulate and tax it, or people are going to go to the offshore operators, where you don’t get any revenue.” The president was sold. “Rahm,” said the now beaming Obama, “alert all the cable and networks for a major address for Sunday at nine. And make sure those budget numbers are right. “Finally, we need a slogan. Something like: Game On.” Bill Regardie was the founder and publisher of Regardie’s Magazine. Tags: Barack Obama, Congress, Denmark, France, Gambling, Germany, Rahm Emanuel, Republican Party, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Washington, Washington, United States, White House Hide Comments   Show 1597 comments Goodbye To the Daily Caller 2:54 PM 01/12/2017 Trumpian Leadership: For The First Time In A Long Time, Republicans Fall In Line 12:59 PM 01/04/2017 Once More, It’s Cool To Depict POTUS Being Killed 8:48 PM 03/06/2017 Your Next TSA Patdown Might Make You Want To Call The Cops 5:54 PM 03/06/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Final Results 7 March 2017   SDL PLC   Preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2016 Transformation delivering results – 2016 foundations laid, 2017 the year of execution   SDL plc („SDL”, „the Group” or the „Company”), the global innovator in language translation technology, services and content management, announces its audited results for the year ended 31 December 2016.   12 months to 31 December 2016 12 months to 31 December 2015 Continuing £m Discontinued £m Total £m Continuing £m Discontinued £m Total £m Income Statement Revenue 264.7 25.2 289.9 240.4 26.5 266.9 Adjusted PBTA1 27.0 (24.5) 2.5 24.2 (3.6) 20.6 Profit/(loss) before tax 11.0 (26.8) (15.8) (2.9) (22.3) (25.2) Earnings per ordinary share basic (pence) 10.18 (32.47) (22.29) (10.17) (27.75) (37.93) Adjusted Earnings per ordinary Share – basic (pence)2 26.58 (4.20) 22.38 21.17 (5.04) 16.13   1 Adjusted PBTA is profit before tax adjusted for the impact of amortisation and one-off items. One-off items are items that in management’s judgement should be disclosed separately by virtue of their size, nature or incidence to provide a better understanding of the financial performance of the Group.  These items are disclosed in more detail in the Operating and Financial Review and note 4 to the preliminary financial information.   2 Adjusted earnings per share is based on the Group’s loss for the year adjusted for the post tax impact of the loss on disposal of the Campaign business, amortisation and one-off items.     Financial highlights ·    Revenue from Continuing Operations up 10% at £264.7 million (2015: £240.4 million), including some benefit from foreign exchange tailwinds. ·    Adjusted PBTA for Continuing Operations of £27.0 million (2015: £24.2 million), Total £2.5 million (2015: £20.6 million) ·    One-off items of £13.1 million incurred to implement the new strategy, structure and branding (2015: £39.1 million including impairment charge of £33.3 million) ·    Adjusted Continuing Operations earnings per share of 26.58 pence (2015: 21.17 pence) ·    Strong cash generation from operations of £18.6 million (2015: £12.0m) and year-end net cash increased to £21.3 million (2015: £12.4 million) ·    Proposed full year dividend of 6.2p, double that of 2015 ·    As expected, reduced Language Services Adjusted PBTA margin of 11.4% due to planned investments ·    Language Technologies Adjusted PBTA margin up from 2.7% to 9.7% following strong licence sales in the year ·    Significant turnaround in Global Content Technologies with Adjusted PBTA margin up to 7.0% from -9.4%  following new licence wins and cost control   Operational highlights ·    Implementation of previously announced new strategy and organisational structure to enhance customer focus, improve agility and pursue key strategic aims    ·    Key appointments made to strengthen the Group’s leadership team to complement the existing team, including CEO, Adolfo Hernandez ·    Non-Core business disposals: Campaign complete, Fredhopper scheduled to complete during the week commencing 6 March 2017 and Social Intelligence sale process is ongoing ·    Diversified client base, no single customer accounts for more than 5% of total revenue ·    We secured 60 new enterprise customers with world leading brands ·    Translation Productivity secured over 580 new corporate customers and expanded its presence in over 680 existing corporate accounts ·    Sales into premium sectors progressing well: 8 new Life Sciences clients added     Commenting on the business and the results, Adolfo Hernandez, CEO of SDL, said:   „2016 has been a successful year for SDL both financially and operationally. With a clear plan, revamped processes to improve operational efficiency, and a focus on injecting technology into the organisation, we are working hard to create a more scalable platform and, in turn, help our customers go global faster.    2017 is the year of execution. There is still work to do but with a new go-to-market model in place, the right leadership team, strategy and portfolio of products and services to further develop our market position, the Board remains confident of another year of profitable growth which is reflected in the proposed realignment of our dividend.”          For further information please contact:   SDL plc Tel: 01628 410 127 Adolfo Hernandez, Chief Executive Officer Dominic Lavelle, Chief Financial Officer FTI Consulting LLP Tel: 020 3727 1000 Edward Bridges / Emma Appleton       About SDL SDL (LSE: SDL) is the global innovator in language translation technology, services and content management. For more than 20 years, SDL has transformed business results by enabling nuanced digital experiences with customers across the globe so they can create personalised connections anywhere and on any device. Are you in the know? Find out more at SDL.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.       CHAIRMAN’S REVIEW   Looking back on the last year, 2016 was pivotal in our transformation, and it positioned SDL to take full advantage of the opportunities available to us. The most important development was the recruitment of Adolfo Hernandez as Chief Executive Officer in early April 2016. Adolfo brings a wealth of experience and leadership capabilities, which I believe are critical in ensuring SDL achieves its full potential in an expanding market opportunity. He refocused our strategic plans and has built an Executive Team with a deep understanding of the relevant trends at the intersection of globalisation and digital transformation and with the requisite skills and experience to deliver results. The Executive Team has been assembled with a healthy mix of people with many years of experience within SDL, carefully supplemented by the recruitment of leaders with the necessary experience of building businesses to market leadership positions. Furthermore, in July 2016, we restructured our business so we can help our customers accelerate the global transformations of their businesses using the full portfolio of SDL’s capabilities. To help convey our mission and vision, we launched a new brand identity which was well received by both customers and employees alike. The speed of delivery and the impact we were able to achieve with these initiatives is a testimony to the skills and experience of the new Executive Team.  Operational Review  Despite big changes within the executive leadership of SDL, I am pleased to report that we have been able to grow both revenue and profit. This growth in itself is a credit to all employees within our business. Their ability to continue to focus on delivering to the needs of our customers has been critical to the achievement of our goals. On behalf of the Board, I would like to record my thanks to all our employees for their dedication, professionalism and hard work during a time of considerable change. As part of the operational review we undertook at the end of 2015, we decided to refocus our business and as a result decided to divest certain Non-Core businesses. Those businesses continued to deliver good results despite the distraction of the sale processes. We have successfully concluded the sale of our Campaign business and the completion of the sale of our Fredhopper business is expected during the week commencing 6 March 2017; I am sure the businesses will continue to perform well under their new ownership. The sale process for the Social Intelligence business is ongoing.  Our Board  In addition to welcoming Adolfo Hernandez to the Board in April 2016, Christopher Humphrey joined the Board as a non-executive Director in June 2016. I would like to formally welcome Chris to the Board. He brings extensive experience to our discussions, having recently retired as the CEO of Anite plc. We have already benefitted from his relevant and valuable insight. At the Annual General Meeting in April 2017, Chris Batterham will not stand for re-election as a Director of our Company. Having joined the Board in October 1999 and seen the Company through significant periods of growth and change we will miss his contributions as a Director and friend of SDL. His wise and thoughtful counsel to myself, the rest of the Board and my predecessors has been hugely valued. Dividend  The financial results and our confidence in the future performance of the business have resulted in the Board recommending that we realign our dividend through a doubling of last year’s payment. Therefore we are recommending a full year dividend of 6.2p, a 100% increase. It is the Board’s intention to follow a progressive dividend policy in the future.  Outlook We believe that we have the right leadership team, strategy and portfolio of products and services to continue growing and further develop our market position. There is much work still to be done before we can say that SDL has reached its potential. As we continue into the next phase of our journey and execute on our strategic plan, the Board remains confident of another year of profitable growth.   David Clayton Chairman       CEO REVIEW The vast quantity and diversity of content created and delivered through global companies is the challenge our global customers are grappling with. It includes everything from marketing collateral, user guides, to community generated content. Market opportunity As a Company that pioneered both managing and translating this wide array of content, I see how our business has a dramatic impact on every interaction a customer has with a product or service. And from what we can see, the amount of content delivered to worldwide customers continues to expand rapidly. About 15 years ago, Eric Schmidt of Google calculated the amount of content created from the beginning of time, and it came to 2.5 million terabytes. This same volume of content is now generated every two days. As our world continues to transform into a more integrated global economy, the need to manage content and convey it in a meaningful way to worldwide audiences continues to grow. For SDL, this means helping companies take their digital content global, delivering it in locally relevant ways. We do this by helping companies author, manage, translate and distribute content. We also have the know-how and knowledge to help these customers go global faster and more efficiently. On top of all of this, we are adding a more robust layer of information security and confidentiality, which is growing in importance continually. We recently commissioned Forrester Research to evaluate the shift toward global web and content operations. Forrester conducted in-depth surveys with 151 business and IT professionals in the US and their efforts revealed that more than 92 percent of enterprises still struggle with localisation. The traditional process is filled with inefficiencies and less than optimal quality. Additionally, many enterprises are still trying to come to terms with even basic global rollouts, let alone fully synchronised content to the different channels that individuals in local markets prefer and use. SDL is uniquely positioned in the market with its breadth and depth of content and language assets. Our market will stay strong despite the increasing risk of protectionism – companies will continue to sell to a global marketplace and will continue to deliver digital content to a borderless world in multiple languages and formats. And they need to control the process to get the content translated and managed efficiently. With language and content at its core, SDL is well positioned to take advantage of these opportunities – the opportunities for SDL are here to stay.   Business strategy  Over the past year, the Board and the Executive Team examined our model and approach to global content by taking the time to speak with and understand the needs of our customers. We learned that although we have all the ingredients to help our customers go global successfully, we need a more integrated approach to serve them better – one that brings together all of the pieces of the content globalisation puzzle. The most fundamental change made in the last year is the way in which we have embraced our core content management and translation strengths and built around them. We recognised the diversity and breadth of the technology and services we have and created a strategy to bring everything together to solve real customer problems. Forrester’s research on Building a Global Operational Model indicates that 70 percent of global companies still don’t have integrated content management and translation processes. Our mission is to help our customers go global faster by addressing this challenge. We help facilitate understanding between companies and their customers through our range of translation services and consulting, content management systems that deliver content dynamically, and unparalleled translation technology that addresses the entire translation supply chain. By focusing on both content and language, global expansion and local relevance, human and machine translation, our portfolio of offerings helps companies humanise the digital world by making the content they offer more relevant and personal. Herein lies our competitive differentiation: we can integrate content and language processes and stakeholders together, reach global audiences through local execution, and combine software and machine learning with a great team of services professionals around the world. One of our most significant strategic shifts is a refocus on our customers: understanding where they are and what they need to succeed. We spent significant time sharing SDL’s new strategy and ambition to work with them for our mutual success. Over the coming year, our ability to cross-sell continues to be fundamental: building our relationship with happy customers who want to expand into the full range of products and services we sell.  And to keep up with the pace of the rapidly changing digital landscape, we must be committed to prioritising our investments in technology. From a technology perspective, we are focused on building software tools to automate global content creation, content management and translation processes, simplifying the content lifecycle for our clients. Our customers benefit from these integrated solutions so we are extending the integration of our technology portfolio throughout all of our software and services to deliver even greater value – from machine translation to predictive analytics, and from translation productivity to suggestion engines.  Global Content Technologies We continue to focus on content management technology with an emphasis on unifying content delivery, so that all digital touch points are relevant and personal. By expanding our portfolio of connectors, we will bridge any source content with our translation capabilities to simplify the user experience across the content lifecycle. Our continued investment in the cloud for our content and language technologies will ensure that any company in the world, no matter what size, can access the content management and translation solutions they need. Furthermore, we have made it a priority to make sure that our software technology is fully integratable and integrated. As an example, we are embedding translation management functionality directly within SDL Web to enable streamlined review and editing capabilities throughout the content development lifecycle. The resulting innovative integrated solution provides translators with greater context for how their work will appear in the final website, and content owners can apply last minute edits to web pages without sacrificing translation quality or consistency. Not only do our customers benefit from this type of solution, but we are extending the integration of our extensive portfolio of technology capabilities – from machine translation, predictive analytics, translation productivity, suggestion engines – throughout all of our software and services to deliver value to our customers quicker and more efficiently.  Language Technologies We continue to build on our position of strength in Language Technologies. Our translation productivity leadership prevails with new versions of SDL Trados Studio and SDL Trados GroupShare. With SDL Trados Studio, we are focused on driving the translation industry forward through technology that improves a translator’s quality, accuracy and speed. Combined with SDL Trados GroupShare, which secures collaboration between internal and external translators and teams, translators work faster and smarter. SDL has been at the forefront of machine translation (MT) since 2005 with the introduction of the first Statistical MT technology, and this is one of the most exciting areas of innovation I see within SDL. This year, in our latest release of SDL Trados Studio, we delivered AdaptiveMT. This innovative technology works with and not against the translator: AdaptiveMT tracks and learns from the delta between standard machine translation and personal edits, drastically speeding up translation time, improving quality and increasing usability. We now see Neural MT as a new disruptive wave for our market, and we are significantly investing in this exciting technology. Even in its current nascent form, Neural MT offers significant quality improvements and a radically different modelling paradigm that enables new opportunities for innovation in the fields of Natural Language Processing. Our renewed focus to commercialise MT allowed SDL to secure large wins in government entities, big enterprises and more recently even other Language Service Providers.  Language Services  To meet the demands of our customers, SDL translates over 100 million words per month through our 1,100 in-house linguists in 38 countries and our vast network of freelance translators. To maintain our status as an ISO-certified translation company, all of our in-house and freelance translators must pass the strict guidelines and tests required by this international standard. In 2016 we also segmented the Language Services market in terms of needs and attractiveness. As a result, we started to shift our services efforts to premium segments where high value, creative and secure content is generated at scale. For the more standard market, we have embarked on a journey to fully automate the process to deliver time and cost savings at scale. This year, to continue to deliver high quality 24/7 service we integrated all our service delivery teams into a single global organisation, sharing best practices and resources across the globe. Our newly launched Localisation Process Consulting offering helps our global customers implement these industry best-practices based on our 25 years of experience in localising and managing global content. And to support our growth into premium verticals, we built out dedicated delivery teams that specialise in delivering to premium segments including life sciences and marketing transcreation. Humans alone are not enough to translate all the content in the world, and SDL has always played a pioneering role in technology that increases human productivity – from the adoption of translation memory technology in 2000 to introducing machine translation paired with human post editing in 2003. Since then, we have focused on continuously training our MT engines and combined this with professional post editing to deliver optimal quality for each customer. The AdaptiveMT I mentioned earlier is expected to deliver an additional 20% productivity increase. With our investment in machine learning and services automation, we continue to push human productivity as far as possible, combining the power of humans and machines and optimising the mix to deliver the greatest efficiency and value for our customers and our business.  Our Customers  As a company focused on globalisation, we have a great base of global customers and our success relies heavily on our local presence in 55 offices in 38 countries around the world. Moving forward we will continue to gain a deeper understanding of our existing customers, how they use SDL solutions, what we can improve and how we can further enable and expand customer success and adoption of SDL products and services. By analysing our customer data, we understand where we win and where we have opportunities to cross-sell. To build on our current successes, we are bringing our value proposition to market by industry vertical, executing an aligned target-selling and account-based marketing strategy within identified accounts in which we have a right to win. We are also investing in adjacent opportunities that will enable us to grow our customer footprint, including life sciences, marketing solutions, machine learning, and connectors. Our global but local strategy, combined with human services and technology within a content and language focus will enable us to deliver transformative business results to our customers.  Financial Performance  Financially, SDL had many positives in 2016, including significant technology deals across all its products, the return to profitability of our Global Content Technologies segment, the significant revenue growth in Machine Technology, excellent Translation Productivity performance, a turn-around in Professional Services profitability and a diversity of business from different regions, industries and customers. These are significant achievements in a year where we went through a substantial transformation. SDL closed out the year with revenue from Continuing Operations up 10% at £264.7 million. An 8% increase in our Language Services business, 24% increase in our Language Technologies business and 6% increase in our Global Content Technologies business drove this growth. Adjusted PBTA for Continuing Operations was £27.0 million (margin 10.2%) (2015: Group £20.6 million, Continuing Operations £24.2 million, margin: 10.0%). Machine Translation technologies grew by 72%, increasing to £9.7 million in 2016 from 2015 revenue of £5.6 million as we begin to monetise this activity more proactively. The Group finished the year with cash balances of £21.3 million and no debt. Looking Forward  Whilst events like Brexit and the worldwide changing political climate are expressed in a challenge to globalisation, in the end, our enterprise customers will continue to market their goods and services globally (even if they produce more goods in their own countries). Thanks to the internet, the majority of profits for many global businesses come from outside the country where those organisations are headquartered. These enterprises need support to take these products (and associated content) globally faster and while there is a climate of uncertainty, we see no other major impact to our business. We might even experience some benefits as we can own some global execution programmes on behalf of our customers For SDL, 2016 was about assessing the business, setting the strategy and stabilising the business. 2017 is the year of execution. With a new go-to-market model in place, we will focus on key accounts and cross-selling while becoming a more agile company through our people, processes and systems. We will also focus on integrating and automating translation capabilities wherever content is managed and complete the convergence of our software stacks in the cloud. In 2017, we continue to focus on technology innovations like machine learning, and also push the boundaries of how people use technology moving towards technology-enabled services. To ensure visibility and focus on execution and delivery of our strategy, we have deployed cascading goals and balanced scorecards across the organisation. With an aligned plan of execution, revamped processes to improve operational efficiency, and a focus on injecting technology into the organisation, we are working hard to create a more scalable platform. We have the foundations in place to transform our business and, in turn, help our customers go global faster.    Adolfo Hernandez Chief Executive Officer       OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW   Summary Performance 2016 has been a positive year for our Continuing Operations. In line with our plan, we have begun investing in the transformation of our Language Services business after several years of underinvestment and our Language Technologies and Global Content Technologies businesses have both delivered material increases to profitability this year. Revenue from our Continuing Operations were up 10% at £264.7 million (2015: £240.4 million). This growth was driven the positive benefit of foreign exchange tailwinds by an 8% increase in our Language Services business, a 24% increase in our Language Technologies business and a 6% increase in our Global Content Technologies business. Technology Annual Recurring Revenue grew 7% to £61.8 million. Total Group revenue increased by 9% to £289.9 million (2015: £266.9 million). The business continues to benefit from a diverse mix of regions, industry verticals and customers, limiting the Group’s exposure to adverse economic conditions in certain countries and sectors. Customer concentration is broadly in line with the prior year, with the 20 largest customers contributing 24% (2015: 22%) of revenue in 2016. No single customer contributes more than 5% of Group revenue. Adjusted PBTA for Continuing Operations was £27.0 million (2015: Group £20.6 million, Continuing Operations £24.2 million). Language Technologies and Global Content Technologies combined profitability increased by £12.0 million in 2016 which more than offset the impact of planned investments in the Language Services business. The Group loss after tax amounted to £18.1 million, after one-off costs of £13.1 million and the loss on sale of the Campaigns business of £21.0 million (2015: loss after tax, £30.7 million, after an impairment charge of £33.3 million and other one-off costs of £5.8 million). Gross cash in the business at the year-end was £21.3 million with no external borrowings (2015: Gross cash £17.2 million; net cash after borrowings £12.4 million). Cash generated from operations was £18.6 million (2015: £12.0 million). Cash generation in the year has been impacted by the Group’s improved underlying profitability and cash outflows associated with the restructuring programme. Capital expenditure was £2.3 million (2015: £2.7 million) and the net cash impact of the disposal of the Campaigns business was an outflow of £1.6 million. Tax paid was £6.5 million (2015: £5.8 million). Key performance indicators The Board reviews a number of key performance indicators (KPIs) to monitor and assess performance on an on-going basis.  These KPIs include: ·      Revenue growth ·      Gross margin ·      Adjusted PBTA and margin, and ·      Cash generated from operations The Group’s performance against these KPIs in the current and prior year are included within this report. The Board believes that monitoring Adjusted PBTA and margin is the most appropriate profit measure to review because it is the most meaningful indicator of medium and long term business performance.  Specifically, this profit measure excludes the impact of: ·      one-off costs incurred over the past two years associated with the reorganisation of the Group; these costs are not expected to recur and these are explained in more detail below ·      amortisation, a non-cash charge based on acquisition decisions taken a number of years ago, which has no impact on future performance and business valuation, and ·      profits or losses arising on the sale of Non-Core businesses which, whilst material, do not reflect the future operating potential of the business. In addition to these core metrics, the Group is now monitoring and reporting a number of additional KPIs to measure whether it is successfully executing its new strategy. These additional KPIs are set out and defined as follows: ·      Technology Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR), £61.8 million (2015: £57.6 million): Annual Recurring Revenue is annualised revenue from existing contracts which includes term, SaaS and support and maintenance revenue streams. Annual Recurring Revenue current and prior year amounts are all translated at the 2016 year end foreign exchange rates ·      Language Services Repeat Revenue Rate (RRR), 93%: Language Services Repeat Revenue Rate is calculated as current year revenue earned from prior year customers as a percentage of current year revenue; the difference between RRR and total revenue is current year revenue from new customers ·      Premium revenue, £9.4 million: revenue arising from the sale of premium content such as Life Sciences and Transcreation; the difference between total Language Services revenue and premium revenue is non premium revenue ·      Upsell deals, 176: number of further sales of existing products to existing customers ·      Cross-sell deals, 52: number of sales of new products to existing customers ·      Wins in Life Sciences, 8 out of 9 Global RFPs: the number of new Life Science customer wins achieved in the year ·      Machine Translation wins, 38: the number of new Machine Translation contracts ·      Linguistic utilisation, 48.5%: the percentage of time in house linguists are translating content and not performing other tasks such as administration of files The ARR KPI has been measured in prior years and hence comparatives have been presented.  Other strategic KPIs have only started to be calculated and reviewed in the later part of 2016 and hence comparatives are not available. The revenue basis for RRR and premium revenue is calculated in line with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles („GAAP”). The remaining strategic KPIs set out above have no direct reference to any GAAP measure and hence cannot be reconciled to the Group’s financial statements. ARR is an annualised measure of contracts at a point in time and hence cannot be reconciled into revenue recognised during the year. The Group is no longer reporting bookings performance as a separate KPI as the Board believes revenue growth and ARR are highly correlated to bookings performance and thus it is not considered that the separate bookings KPI provides material additional insight to the user of the financial information. Performance by Segment Following the announcement in January 2016 of the intention of the Group to dispose of its Campaign, Fredhopper and Social Intelligence businesses, these businesses have been designated as assets held for sale and their activities have been reported as Discontinued Operations. The Group’s segmental disclosures have been adjusted so that Discontinued Operations results do not include proportionate allocations of shared costs. The impact of this change has been to reduce the costs attributed to the Non-Core segment in 2015 by £6.0 million and to increase costs attributed to the Language Services, Language Technologies and Global Content Technologies segments by £2.4 million, £0.3 million and £3.3 million respectively. Language Services (contributing £165.3 million or 62% of revenue from Continuing Operations and £18.8 million of Adjusted PBTA) (2015: £152.7 million or 64% of revenue from Continuing Operations and £28.0 million of Adjusted PBTA). 2016 saw a solid performance with Language Services achieving an 8% increase in revenue at £165.3 million (2015: £152.7 million). Underlying growth, adjusting for the impact of the loss of the Group’s largest customer (Microsoft) at the end of 2015, was 15%. The Language Services RRR was 93%. The underlying RRR, ignoring the loss of Microsoft, was 98%. Revenue growth in year has benefitted from the impact of foreign exchange and organic growth has been primarily driven by increased activity within large accounts in the US. The investment in customer service and quality has led to improved relationships with a number of existing customers. The Language Services segment has won a number of new clients in the year including  Basware, PSA Peugeot Citroen, Lindex, Konsberg and Yara. The impact of recent successes in premium market verticals including Life Sciences occurred late in the year and have not materially impacted the results this year. The Language Services division in 2016 has been investing in the development of capability in premium market verticals, delivery and quality initiatives and operational infrastructure after several years of underinvestment. These planned investments have reduced gross margins to 42.8% (2015: 47.3%) and the Adjusted PBTA margin to 11.4% (2015: 18.4%). They have, however, contributed to the Language Services high Repeat Revenue Rate and significant recent wins in premium verticals. These investments will continue in 2017 as they are critical to the strategic positioning of the business and will deliver increased sales and improved margins in future years. Language Technologies (contributing £45.4 million or 17% of revenue from Continuing Operations and £4.4 million Adjusted PBTA) (2015: contributing £36.7 million or 15% of revenue from Continuing Operations and £1.0 million Adjusted PBTA). Language Technologies revenue in the year increased by 24% to £45.4 million including the benefit from the impact of foreign exchange. ARR increased 9% to £23.4. The Language Technologies revenue increase was driven by a 72% increase in Machine Translation revenue, a 20% increase in Translation Productivity revenue and a 7% increase in Translation Management revenue. The refocus of Machine Translation investment last year towards increasing output quality and the release of our on premise SDL ETS 7.0 product has led to significant perpetual licence sales in 2016. Material sales have been to government customers seeking portable real time translation capability and a commercial language service provider requiring improved machine translation capability. SDL ETS 7.0 delivers increased manageability, new features and a significant improvement to the user experience. Our Translation Productivity products have had another strong year with revenue up 20%. The launch of SDL Trados Studio 2017, SDL MultiTerm 2017 and SDL Passolo 2016 at the end of the year delivers a step change in translation memory productivity with our ground breaking upLIFT technology, and offers the AdaptiveMT technology directly accessible from the SDL Trados Studio interface to our customers. These releases had our highest ever pre-order volume and the incorporation of AdaptiveMT capability has further strengthened our competitive position. Our Translation Management products achieved more modest growth in 2016 after a strong 2015 performance. Strong renewals activity has led to a 5% increase in ARR. During the year, our Translation Management products were improved with significant point releases. TMS releases delivered user interface and usability improvement, translation quality metrics, API improvements and deeper integration with our SDL Trados Studio and SDL Web products. SDL WorldServer 11.1 increased security and scalability, improved usability by delivering key features like multi-search, improved project creation tools and import/export capabilities, and delivered a deep integration with our SDL Language Cloud Machine Translation services, the latest SDL Trados Studio 2017 release and the SDL Web in-context translation preview functionality. In 2016, we also started the execution of our technology convergence program to align our technologies and increase product innovation. Alongside this convergence program, we released a significant number of new capabilities on our SDL Language Cloud platform ranging from User Experience improvements and functional enhancements, to entirely new offerings like the Universal Editor and AdaptiveMT. In addition, a wide range of connectors were released to tap directly into our Language Cloud platform from customers’ existing IT application landscape. Adjusted PBTA margin increased 7.0% to 9.7% (2015: 2.7%). The margin increase has been driven by the improved licence sales in Machine Translation and Translation Productivity products. New client wins for the segment include Accor Hotels, AGCO, Alingo GmbH, Alticor, PSA Peugeot Citroen, and Vanilla Air. Global Content Technologies (contributing £54.0 million or 21% of revenue from Continuing Operations and £3.8 million Adjusted PBTA) (2015: contributing £50.9 million or 21% of revenue from Continuing Operations and losses of £4.8 million Adjusted PBTA). ARR was up 6% at £38.4 million. Global Content Technologies revenue increased by 6% in 2016 including the benefit from the impact of foreign exchange. This increase was driven by a 38% increase in Technical Content Management revenue following a material increase in perpetual licence sales in the year. Our SDL Knowledge Center product has gone through several update cycles with specific focus on dynamic delivery scalability and performance. We also released version 5.5 of the Contenta Publishing Suite, improving the delivery of content on tablet devices as well as delivering addition security, usability and publishing enhancements. Web Content Management software revenue fell 11% in the year due to a shift in sales from perpetual licence contracts towards SaaS contracts and a related reduction in professional services activity. For SDL Web, we have significantly increased the release pace for delivering new capabilities to the cloud based SDL Web offering and all of these new innovations have been rolled up in the SDL Web 8.5 release, for on premise deployment. This release comes with significant improvements to workflow capabilities, deployment automation, reduced total cost of ownership, upgrade efficiency and numerous new product features. This improved Web Content Management offering helped drive new term and SaaS licence sales and this helped drive a 2% increase in Annual Recurring Revenue to £22.8 million. Adjusted PBTA increased £8.6 million in 2016 to a profit of £3.8 million (2015: Loss of £4.8 million). The actions taken in the second half of 2015 and in early 2016 to right size sales and marketing resources has transformed the profitability of the segment this year. New client wins for the segment include AGCO, Akamai, Appatura Data Communique, China Airlines, EBSCO, Malvern Instruments Limited, Radiometer Medical ApS United States Air Force KC46A Program and Waters Corporation. Non-Core businesses (contributing £25.2 million of revenue and losses of £24.5 million Adjusted PBTA including £21.0 million loss on disposal of the Campaigns business) (2015: contributing £26.5 million or 10% of Group revenue and losses of £3.6 million Adjusted PBTA). Our Non-Core businesses include the full year results of our Fredhopper and Social Intelligence businesses and the results of our Campaign business to the date of its disposal on 2 November 2016. The businesses performed well given the uncertainty created by the announced disposal programme. The Group disposed of its Campaign business to an acquisition vehicle owned by affiliates of Allomer Capital Group LLC for £2.4 million before purchase price adjustments. Further details of this disposal are provided in Note 3 of the preliminary financial information and the Group recorded a loss of £21.0 million on disposal. On 29 January 2017 the Group signed an agreement to sell its Fredhopper business to ATTRAQT PLC for £25 million subject to ATTRAQT PLC being readmitted to the AIM market. This condition is expected to be satisfied during the week commencing 6 March 2017. The Group is expected to record a profit on disposal of approximately £22 million and this will be recorded in the Group’s 2017 financial statements. The Group continues to pursue the sale of its Social Intelligence business. Gross Margin The Group’s Continuing gross margin was slightly below last year at 54.4% (2015: 55.9%). Administrative Expenses Administrative costs of Continuing Operations excluding intangibles amortisation and one-off costs increased in 2016 to £117.0 million (2015: £110.1 million). Research and Development costs of £25.9 million (2015: £25.9 million) are included in administrative expenses. In line with the prior year, the Group issued approximately 100 product/service updates and upgrades with greater functionality being deployed. Development costs have been reviewed and the Board remains of the opinion that capitalisation criteria under International Accounting Standard (IAS) 38 are not met. Consequently no development costs are capitalised on the balance sheet. Average headcount during the year was up 2% at 3,580 (2015: 3,504). Average headcount for Continuing Operations was up 3% at 3,310. Employee related costs remain the most significant component of Group costs, amounting to 59% of Group overheads (2015: 59%) excluding amortisation of intangibles and one-off costs. Intangible assets ascribed to certain of the Group’s software and customer relationships arising from acquisitions are amortised over periods of between 5 and 10 years and the carrying value is formally reviewed on an annual basis to assess whether there are indicators of impairment. The intangible asset amortisation charge in 2016 was £5.2 million (2015: £6.7 million). One-off costs The Group has undergone a very significant reorganisation over the past two years including the departure of its then Chief Executive Officer in October 2015, the completion of the Group’s operational review in January 2016 (including the announcement of the disposal of the Non-Core businesses) and the appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer in April 2016.  These events then led to significant changes in senior personnel, the development of the new strategy, corporate rebranding and the reorganisation of operational and corporate structures. In addition, the Group has incurred one-off tax charges over the past two years. As a result, the Group has incurred significant one-off costs over the past two year which are not expected to recur and therefore have been separately disclosed in the income statement to provide a better guide to underlying business performance.  In 2016, the Group has incurred £13.1 million of one-off costs (2015: £33.3 impairment write down and other one-offs of £5.8 million). These one-off costs comprise: ·      redundancy and retention costs due to the reorganisation of the Group in 2016 (£6.5 million). Redundancy costs of £4.8 million generated annualised cost savings of £13.7 million (before significant reinvestment); ·      professional fees and related charges associated with the strategy development (£2.8 million); ·      costs of relaunching SDL which included the costs of internal and external conferences to communicate our new strategy and the global relaunch of SDL’s brand and associated marketing collateral (£2.1 million); and ·      other one-off costs includes provision for indirect tax liabilities and corporate consolidation exercises (£1.7 million). As a result of the above, the Group now has the right strategy, brand, leadership and organisational structure to realise the full potential of our market opportunities and deliver shareholder value. Earnings Per Share Adjusted EPS for Continuing Operations increased by 25.6% to 26.58 pence (2015: 21.17 pence). Adjusted EPS for the Group increased to 22.38 pence (2015: 16.13 pence). Basic earnings per share was a loss of 22.29 pence (2015: loss of 37.93 pence). Financing Costs and Borrowing Facilities Interest costs in 2016 were £0.0 million (2015: £0.1 million). At the start of the year, drawn borrowings were £4.8 million. During 2016, all borrowings were repaid such that the Group was debt free at 31 December 2016. The Group has a £25 million committed revolving credit facility, expiring in August 2020. The agreement also includes a £25 million uncommitted Accordian facility. Pricing of this £25 million borrowing facility is between 1.15% and 1.9% above LIBOR dependent upon the ratio of the Group’s total net debt to its adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation („Adjusted EBITDA”). Under the credit facility agreement, SDL is subject to certain financial covenants which are required to be tested quarterly. These covenants relate to Adjusted EBITDA: Net Finance Charges and Total Net Debt: Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is defined within the facility agreement and is based on Adjusted PBTA. Cash flow The Group generated £18.6 million from operations during the year (2015: £12.0 million). This cash inflow in the year was net of £11.1 million of cash outflows arising from one-off items (2015 £3.8 million). Surplus cash, after deducting net income tax paid of £6.5 million (2015: £5.8 million) and investing activities of £3.9 million (2015: £2.9 million), has been used to reduce the Group’s bank borrowings by £4.8 million and pay a dividend of £2.5 million to shareholders. The Group’s bank borrowings have been fully repaid in 2016. As a result, net cash increased to £21.3 million at year end (2015: £12.4 million). The Group’s 2017 cash outflows will be impacted by residual one-off cash costs and material capital expenditure on the Group’s infrastructure and efficiency investments. Derivatives and other Financial Instruments The Group has cash and short-term deposits of varying durations to fund its working capital needs and other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables arising directly from its operations. The Group’s policy is that no active trading in financial instruments will be undertaken within the operating units and all decisions on use of financial instruments will be taken at Group level under the direction of the Chief Financial Officer. Foreign currency exchange impact We are a global business and we operate in 38 countries. The significant majority of Group revenue and costs are denominated in non-sterling currencies. Many of the Group’s global customers are US based requiring translation into other worldwide languages. As such, the Group has a net long US$ position which is largely offset by short positions in other worldwide currencies. Accordingly the impact of the sterling devaluation during the year is not considered to have had a material impact on the Group’s Adjusted PBTA margin percentage, year on year. Taxation SDL is a global business and, as such, the Group’s effective tax rate is heavily influenced by the territorial mix of operating profits earned together with management judgement of the extent to which the Group’s tax losses are likely to be utilised with reasonable certainty. A detailed analysis of the taxation charge is included in note 5 to the preliminary financial information. The tax charge for Continuing Operations is £2.7 million (2015: Continuing Operations £5.3 million). The group tax charge amounted to £2.3 million (2015: £5.5 million). These charges include tax credits associated with amortisation, deferred tax and tax on one-off costs. Excluding these impacts, the underlying effective current tax rate for Continuing Operations was 27.3%. This rate is impacted by unrelieved tax losses arising in a number of jurisdictions and the utilisation of tax losses in other territories. The underlying effective current tax rate for Continuing Operations going forward is expected to in the region of 27%. Trados Litigation update As previously reported, the Group has settled the litigation related to the Trados acquisition. A payment of $1.85 million was made in February 2016 in full and final settlement of all claims. Dividend A final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2016 of 6.2p pence per share will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting, an increase of 100% on the prior year.   Dominic Lavelle Chief Financial Officer       CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT For the year ended 31 December 2016   Notes 2016 2015 Continuing Discontinued Total Continuing Discontinued Total £m £m £m £m £m £m Sale of goods 23.3 17.1 40.4 32.7 17.8 50.5 Rendering of services 241.4 8.1 249.5 207.7 8.7 216.4 REVENUE 2 264.7 25.2 289.9 240.4 26.5 266.9 Cost of sales (120.7) (10.8) (131.5) (106.1) (10.8) (116.9) GROSS PROFIT 144.0 14.4 158.4 134.4 15.6 150.0 Administrative expenses 4 (133.0) (20.2) (153.2) (137.2) (37.9) (175.1) OPERATING PROFIT/(LOSS) 11.0 (5.8) 5.2 (2.8) (22.3) (25.1) Operating profit/(LOSS) before AMORTISATION AND ONE-OFF  ITEMS 27.0 (3.5) 23.5 24.3 (3.6) 20.7 Amortisation of intangible assets 4 (5.2) – (5.2) (5.1) (1.6) (6.7) One-off items 4 (10.8) (2.3) (13.1) (22.0) (17.1) (39.1) OPERATING PROFIT/(LOSS) 11.0 (5.8) 5.2 (2.8) (22.3) (25.1) Loss on disposal of Non-Core business 3 – (21.0) (21.0) – – – Finance cost – – – (0.1) – (0.1) PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX 11.0 (26.8) (15.8) (2.9) (22.3) (25.2) profit/(LOSS) before TAX, AMORTISATION AND one-off ITEMS 27.0 (24.5) 2.5 24.2 (3.6) 20.6 Amortisation of intangible assets 4 (5.2) – (5.2) (5.1) (1.6) (6.7) One-off items 4 (10.8) (2.3) (13.1) (22.0) (17.1) (39.1)  PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX 11.0 (26.8) (15.8) (2.9) (22.3) (25.2) Tax expense 5 (2.7) 0.4 (2.3) (5.3) (0.2) (5.5) PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT 8.3 (26.4) (18.1) (8.2) (22.5) (30.7) Earnings per ordinary share – basic (pence) 7 10.18 (32.47) (22.29) (10.17) (27.75) (37.93) Earnings per ordinary share – diluted (pence) 7 10.08 (32.16) (22.08) (10.17) (27.75) (37.93)   Adjusted earnings per ordinary share (basic and diluted) are shown in note 7.       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME For the year ended 31 December 2016   Notes 2016 2015 £m £m Loss for the period (18.1) (30.7) Currency translation differences on foreign operations 21.7 (6.3) Currency translation differences on foreign currency quasi equity loans to foreign subsidiaries (0.5) 2.5 Income tax charge on currency translation differences on foreign currency quasi equity loans to foreign subsidiaries 5 (0.2) (0.7) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 21.0 (4.5) TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 2.9 (35.2)   All the total comprehensive income is attributable to equity holders of the parent Company. Currency translation differences on foreign operation including quasi equity loans and their related tax impacts may all be reclassified to the Income Statement upon disposal of that operation.        Consolidated STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION At 31 December 2016   Notes 2016 2015 £m £m ASSETS NON CURRENT ASSETS Property, plant and equipment 5.3 6.3 Intangible assets 8 151.9 163.1 Deferred tax asset 8.4 6.0 Rent and other deposits 2.0 1.6 167.6 177.0 CURRENT ASSETS Trade and other receivables 81.0 73.4 Corporation tax 0.9 2.8 Cash and cash equivalents 9 21.3 17.2 Assets held for sale 7.1 – 110.3 93.4 TOTAL ASSETS 277.9 270.4 CURRENT LIABILITIES Trade and other payables (88.5) (81.7) Current tax liabilities (7.4) (9.4) Provisions (1.1) (2.9) Liabilities held for sale (7.4) – (104.4) (94.0) NON CURRENT LIABILITIES Other payables (1.6) (1.4) Loans and overdraft 9 – (4.6) Deferred tax liability (1.1) (3.1) Provisions (2.1) (0.4) (4.8) (9.5) TOTAL LIABILITIES (109.2) (103.5) NET ASSETS 168.7 166.9 EQUITY Share capital 0.8 0.8 Share premium account 99.2 98.5 Retained earnings 39.7 59.6 Foreign exchange differences   29.0   8.0   TOTAL EQUITY 168.7 166.9     Approved by the Board of Directors on 7 March 2017         A Hernandez D Lavelle Director Director         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY for the year ended 31 December 2016     Share Capital £m Share Premium Account £m   Retained Earnings £m Foreign Exchange Differences £m     Total £m At 1 January 2015 0.8 97.9 90.9 12.5 202.1 Loss for the period – – (30.7) – (30.7) Other comprehensive income – – – (4.5) (4.5) Total comprehensive income – – (30.7) (4.5) (35.2) Deferred income taxation on share based payments* (Note 5) – – 0.1 – 0.1 Arising on share issues* – 0.6 – – 0.6 Dividend paid* – – (2.0) – (2.0) Share based payments* – – 1.3 – 1.3 At 31 December 2015 0.8 98.5 59.6 8.0 166.9   Share Capital £m Share Premium Account £m   Retained Earnings £m Foreign Exchange Differences £m     Total £m At 1 January 2016 0.8 98.5 59.6 8.0 166.9 Loss for the period – – (18.1) – (18.1) Other comprehensive income – – – 21.0 21.0 Total comprehensive income – – (18.1) 21.0 2.9 Deferred income taxation on share based payments* (Note 5) – – (0.2) – (0.2) Arising on share issues* – 0.7 – – 0.7 Dividend paid* – – (2.5) – (2.5) Share based payments* – – 0.9 – 0.9 At 31 December 2016 0.8 99.2 39.7 29.0 168.7   * These amounts relate to transactions with owners of the Company recognised directly in equity.   The amounts above are all attributable to equity holders of the parent company.       consolidated STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS for the year ended 31 December 2016   Notes 2016 2015 £m   £m   LOSS FOR THE YEAR (18.1) (30.7) Tax expense 2.3 5.5 LOSS BEFORE TAX (15.8) (25.2) Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 4 3.5 3.6 Amortisation of intangible assets 4 5.2 6.7   Impairment losses on intangible assets – 33.3 Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 3 21.0 – Finance costs – 0.1 Share based payments 0.9 1.3 Increase in trade and other receivables (11.8) (3.9) Increase in trade and other payables Foreign exchange gains 17.4 (1.8) (1.4) (2.5) CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS 18.6 12.0 Income tax paid (6.5) (5.8) NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 12.1 6.2 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Payments to acquire property, plant & equipment (2.3) (2.7) Receipts from sale of property, plant & equipment – 0.1 Payments to acquire intellectual property and subsidiaries – (0.3) Payments on disposal of discontinued operations 3 (1.6) – NET CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (3.9) (2.9) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net proceeds from issue of ordinary share capital 0.7 0.2 Proceeds from borrowings – 4.6 Repayment of borrowings (4.8) (9.0) Dividends paid (2.5) (2.0) Repayment of capital leases – (0.4) Interest paid (0.1) (0.1) NET CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (6.7) (6.7) INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 1.5 (3.4) MOVEMENT IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents at the start of year 17.2 22.1 Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1.5 (3.4) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 2.6 (1.5) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 9 21.3 17.2       Notes to the accounts for the year ended 31 December 2016     1          BASIS OF ACCOUNTING Basis of preparation   The financial information set out above does not constitute the Group’s statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2016 or 2015.  Statutory consolidated financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2015, prepared in accordance with adopted IFRS, have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies and those for 2016 will be delivered in due course. The auditors have reported on those accounts; their report was (i) unqualified, (ii) did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditors drew attention by way of any emphasis without qualifying their opinion and (iii) did not contain a statement under Section 498 (2) or (3) of the Companies Act 2006.   The financial information for the year ended 31 December 2016 has been prepared by the directors based upon the results and position that are reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Group.   The consolidated financial statements of SDL plc and its subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU as relevant to the financial statements of SDL plc.   Significant accounting policies   The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the condensed consolidated financial information are consistent with those followed in preparation of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2015 with the addition of an accounting policy for discontinued operations.  Planned disposals of separate major lines of business are classified as discontinued operations and net assets reclassified as held for sale following the announcement of such divestments. In such instances, current and prior year results of the discontinued operations are disclosed separately from continuing operations   In line with UK Corporate Governance Code requirements, the Directors have made enquiries concerning the potential of the business to continue as a going concern.   Enquiries included a review of performance in 2016, 2017 annual plans, the Group’s 3 year long term plan, a review of working capital including the liquidity position, financial covenant compliance and a review of current cash levels. The Group continues to be cash generating and is debt free with no concerns over future cash requirements. As a result, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for a 12 month period from the date of approval of these financial statements. Given this expectation, they have continued to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.     2          SEGMENT INFORMATION The Group operates in the global content management and language translation industries. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on the nature of their products and services.  The Group has four operating segments as follows:    ·      The Language Services segment is the provision of a translation service for customers’ multilingual content in multiple languages. ·      The Language Technology segment is the sale of enterprise, desktop and statistical machine translation technologies together with associated consultancy services. ·      The Global Content Technologies segment is content management and knowledge management technologies together with associated consultancy services. ·      The Non-Core Businesses segment includes the sale of campaign management, social media monitoring and marketing analytic and Fredhopper technologies together with associated consultancy services.   The Chief Operating Decision Maker monitors the results of the operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment prior to charges for tax, amortisation and one-offs.   Following the announcement of the intention of the Group to dispose of its Non-Core business segment, which includes the Fredhopper and Social Intelligence businesses, these businesses have been designated as assets held for resale and their activities have been disclosed as discontinued operations.  On 2 November 2016 the Group’s campaign business was disposed. The Group’s segmental disclosures have been adjusted to reflect the fact that discontinued operations results do not attract proportionate allocations of shared costs.  The impact of this change has been to reduce the central costs attributed to the Non-Core segment by £5.9 million and to increase costs attributed to the Language Services, Language Technology and Global Content Technology segments by £2.3 million, £0.3 million and £3.3 million respectively.   Year ended 31 December 2016 External Revenue Depreciation Segment profit/ (loss) before taxation and amortisation £m £m £m Language Services 165.3 2.0 18.8 Language Technology 45.4 0.5 4.4 Global Content Technologies 54.0 0.5 3.8 Non-Core Businesses 25.2 0.5 (3.5) Total 289.9 3.5 23.5 Loss on disposal (21.0) Amortisation, one-off costs & finance costs (18.3) Loss before taxation (15.8)     Year ended 31 December 2015 – restated External Revenue Depreciation Segment profit/(loss) before taxation and amortisation £m £m £m Language Services 152.8 2.0 28.0 Language Technology 36.7 0.5 1.0 Global Content Technologies 50.9 0.5 (4.8) Non-Core Businesses 26.5 0.5 (3.6) Total 266.9 3.5 20.6 Amortisation & One-off costs (45.8) Loss before taxation (25.2)     3          DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS The board announced its decision to sell the Non-Core Businesses, which represents a separate major line of business, in January 2016. The results of the Non-Core Businesses segment have therefore been disclosed as discontinued operations in this year’s financial statements and prior periods have been restated to show the results of discontinued operation separately from continuing operations.   The Group completed the sale of its Campaigns business on 2 November 2016 and has signed a conditional agreement to sell its Fredhopper business to ATTRAQT PLC. It is expected that the Fredhopper sale will complete during the week commencing 6 March 2017. The sale of the Social Intelligence business is ongoing.   Following the impairment charged against the Group’s Non-Core segment in 2015, the proceeds of the Non-Core disposals were expected to be in line with the net book value of the related net assets and accordingly no impairment losses were recognised on classification of these operations as held for sale. As the disposal of the group’s discontinued operations has progressed, the sales process has developed into three separate transactions. As a result, as each transaction completes, there is a gain or loss on disposal arising from the difference between the consideration received and the carrying value of assets in each business, including the allocation of goodwill to each business.  Goodwill allocated to each business being disposed of is based upon the goodwill arising in the original business combination, reduced by specific impairments recorded in prior periods.  Goodwill attributed to the different businesses at 31 December 2015 was Campaign £16.9 million, Fredhopper £3.8 million and Social Intelligence £nil.   The sale of the Campaigns business resulted in a £21.0 million loss on disposal in the period. The sale of the Fredhopper business due to complete in March 2017 is expected to result in a gain on disposal of approximately £22m.   Cash Flows from / (used in) discontinued operations   2016 2015 Loss for the year (26.4) (22.5) Tax (credit)/expense (0.4) 0.2 Loss before tax (26.8) (22.3) Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 21.0 – Movements in working capital 5.8 22.3 Net cash from operating activities – – Net cash used in investing activities (1.6) – Net cash used in financing activities – – Net cash flows for the period (1.6) –   Movements in working capital includes Group funding to cover working capital requirements. Net cash used in investing activities includes the cash impact of the sale of the Campaigns business as set out below. In addition to the £1.6m net cash outflow recorded in 2016, the Group expects to receive a cash inflow of £0.3 million in future following the expiry of the contractual retention period.  These funds are currently held in escrow and are recorded in Other Debtors.   Effect of disposal on the financial position of the group   2016 Intangible assets 21.9 Tangible fixed assets 0.4 Trade and other receivables 2.2 Deferred income and other payables (4.8) Net assets 19.7 Net cash outflow (1.3) Loss on disposal (21.0)     Financial position of assets and liabilities held for sale   The assets and liabilities held for sale consist of: 2016 Property, plant and equipment 0.1 Intangible assets 3.8 Trade and other receivables 3.2 Cash and cash equivalents – Trade and other payables (7.4) Net assets and liabilities (0.3)     4          OTHER REVENUE AND EXPENSES Group operating profit is stated after charging/(crediting): 2016 2015 £m £m Included in administrative expenses: Research and development expenditure 25.9 25.9 Bad debt charge 0.2 0.2 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment – owned assets 3.5 3.5 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment – leased assets – 0.1 Amortisation of intangible assets 5.2 6.7 Operating lease rentals for plant and machinery 0.2 0.5 Operating lease rentals for land and buildings 7.0 6.5 Net foreign exchange gains (1.8) (3.8) Share based payment charge 1.5 1.5   The net foreign exchange gains above arose due to movements in foreign currencies between the time of the original transaction and the realisation of the cash collection or spend, and the retranslation of foreign currency denominated intra-group balances. Research and development expenditure: 2015 amount has been restated to ensure consistency with 2016 calculation.   One-off items 2016 2015 £m £m Redundancy and other staff costs 6.5 3.5 Strategy development 2.8 0.7 Relaunch of SDL 2.1 – Impairment charge – 33.3 Other one-off items 1.7 1.6 13.1 39.1   The Group has undergone a very significant reorganisation over the past two years including the departure of its then Chief Executive Officer in October 2015, the completion of the Group’s operational review in January 2016 (including the announcement of the disposal of the Non-Core businesses) and the appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer in April 2016.  These events then led to significant changes in senior personnel, the development of the new strategy, corporate rebranding and the reorganisation of operational and corporate structures.  In addition the Group has incurred one-off tax charges over the past two years.   As a result, the Group has incurred significant one-off costs over the past two years which are not expected to recur and therefore have been separately disclosed in the income statement to provide a better guide to underlying business performance.   In 2016, the Group has incurred £13.1 million of one-off costs (2015: £33.3 impairment write down and other one-offs of £5.8 million). These one-off costs comprise:   ·      redundancy and retention costs due to the reorganisation of the Group in 2016 (£6.5 million); ·      professional fees and related charges associated with the strategy development (£2.8 million); ·      costs of relaunching SDL which included the costs of internal and external conferences to communicate our new strategy and the global relaunch of SDL’s brand and associated marketing collateral (£2.1 million); and ·      other one-off costs includes provision for tax liabilities and corporate consolidation exercises (£1.7 million).   As a result of the above, the Group now has the right strategy, brand, leadership and organisational structure to realise the full potential of our market opportunities and deliver shareholder value.     5          INCOME TAX (a) Income tax on profit:   Consolidated income statement 2016 £m 2015 £m Current taxation UK Income tax charge Current tax on income for the period 0.8 1.9 Adjustments in respect of prior periods (0.4) 0.1 0.4 2.0 Foreign tax Current tax on income for the period 5.3 4.9 Adjustments in respect of prior periods 0.6 0.5 5.9 5.4 Total current taxation 6.3 7.4   Deferred income taxation Origination and reversal of temporary differences (4.0) (1.9) Total deferred income tax (4.0) (1.9) Tax expense 2.3 5.5   Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income 2016 £m 2015 £m Current taxation UK Income tax charge Income tax charge on currency translation differences on foreign currency quasi equity loans to foreign subsidiaries 0.2 0.7 Total current taxation 0.2 0.7     6          DIVIDENDS 2016 2015 £m £m Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders in the year: Final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2015 was 3.1 pence per share. (Year ended 31 December 2014: 2.5 pence per share) 2.5 2.0   A final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2016 of 6.2 pence per share will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting and has not been included as a liability in the financial statements.     7          EARNINGS PER SHARE The calculation of basic earnings per ordinary share is based on a loss after tax of £18.2 million (2015: loss of £30.7 million) and 81,373,409 (2015: 81,101,706) ordinary shares, being the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period.    The diluted earnings per ordinary share is calculated by including in the weighted average number of shares the dilutive effect of potential ordinary shares related to committed share options.  For 2016, the diluted ordinary shares were based on 82,162,157 ordinary shares that included 788,748 potential ordinary shares.   The following reflects the income and share data used in the calculation of adjusted earnings per share computations before one-off costs:   2016 2015 £m £m Loss for the year (18.2) (30.7) Loss on disposal of Non-Core business 21.0 – One-off items (including impairment loss in 2015) 13.1 39.1 Amortisation of intangible fixed assets 5.2 6.7 Less: tax benefit associated with the amortisation of intangible fixed assets. (1.0) (1.3) Tax benefit associated with one-off costs (1.9) (0.6) Adjusted profit for the year 18.2 13.2   Adjusted earnings per share is shown as the Directors believe that earnings before amortisation and one-off costs is reflective of the underlying performance of the business.   2016 2015 No. No. Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share 81,373,409 81,101,706 Effect of dilution resulting from share options 788,748 722,199 Weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted for the effect of dilution 82,162,157 81,823,905   Continuing Discontinued 2016 Continuing Discontinued 2015   Adjusted earnings per ordinary share – basic (pence) 26.58 (4.20) 22.38 21.17 (5.04) 16.13 Adjusted earnings per ordinary share – diluted (pence) 26.32 (4.16) 22.17 21.17 (5.04) 16.13   There have been no material transactions involving ordinary shares or potential ordinary shares between the reporting date and the date of completion of the financial statements.     8          INTANGIBLE ASSETS Customer Relationships Intellectual Property Goodwill Total £m £m £m £m Cost: At 1 January 2015 20.2 60.6 214.1 294.9 Acquisitions – 0.3 – 0.3 Currency adjustment 0.1 (0.2) 0.3 0.2 At 1 January 2016 20.3 60.7 214.4 295.4 Acquisitions – – – – Disposal of Non-Core business (3.7) (7.6) (16.9) (28.2) Reclassification to assets held for sale – – (3.8) (3.8) Currency adjustment 2.0 7.5 18.9 28.4 At 31 December 2016 18.6 60.6 212.6 291.8 Amortisation and impairment At 1 January 2015 (14.5) (45.2) (32.6) (92.3) Provided during the year (1.9) (4.8) – (6.7) Impairment loss – – (33.3) (33.3) Currency adjustment 0.1 (0.1) – – At 1 January 2016 (16.3) (50.1) (65.9) (132.3) Provided during the year (1.1) (4.1) – (5.2) Impairment loss – – – – Disposal of Non-Core business 2.1 4.2 – 6.3 Currency adjustment (2.0) (6.7) – (8.7) At 31 December 2016 (17.3) (56.7) (65.9) (139.9) Net book value: At 31 December 2016 1.3 3.9 146.7 151.9 At 1 January 2016 4.0 10.6 148.5 163.1   Customer relationships and intellectual property are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of between 5 and 10 years. As from 1 January 2004, the date of transition to IFRS, goodwill is no longer amortised but is now subject to annual impairment testing (see note 11).      9          ADDITIONAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Analysis of Group net debt:   1 January 2016 Cash flow Exchange differences 31 December 2016 £m £m £m £m Cash and cash equivalents 17.2 1.5 2.6 21.3 Loans and overdrafts (4.8) 4.8 – – 12.4 6.3 2.6 21.3   1 January 2015 Cash flow Exchange differences 31 December 2015 £m £m £m £m Cash and cash equivalents 22.1 (3.4) (1.5) 17.2 Loans and overdrafts* (9.0) 4.2 – (4.8) 13.1 0.8 (1.5) 12.4 * – Loans and overdrafts are stated gross i.e. before the impact of a £0.2 million arrangement fee prepayment     10         EVENTS AFTER THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION DATE The Group announced, on 29 January 2017, an agreement to sell its Fredhopper business to ATTRAQT PLC for £25 million subject to ATTRAQT PLC being readmitted to the AIM market. This condition is expected to be satisfied during the week commencing 6 March 2017. The Group is expected to record a profit on disposal of approximately £22 million on disposal and this will be recorded in the Group’s 2017 financial statements.   There are no other known events occurring after the statement of financial position date that require disclosure.   CategoriesUncategorized TagsAir Force, attention, base, Books, Business, Companies, company, Computing, division, Economy, force, general, Industry, intelligence, Internet, major, Markets, officer, post, Science, section, service, staff, Uncategorized, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Launch of mobile agri-waste treatment solution Next PostNext Confidas helps intermediaries tackle under insurance in the MNW sector with enhanced Home Max offering Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   MedLogiq Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from MedLogiq: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: MedLogiq Recognized for Innovations in Healthcare Proven Internet of Things technology platform makes medical devices safer while improving their quality and time-to-market. Powerful technology solutions provide performance measurement, event monitoring and error reporting to the entire healthcare community. Hazlet, NJ, March 07, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Innovation World Cup selected MedLogiq as one of the 4 Finalists in the Healthcare sector, the category that received the most entries. Finalists were selected from more than 400 qualifying submissions around the world to present at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. For over 10 years the Innovation World Cup has served as a catalyst for future innovations in the Internet of Things. Connecting innovative entrepreneurs, developer communities, and industry partners like Google, Intel, Ericsson, Texas Instruments and many others. The Innovation World Cup has an impressive track record in introducing new breakthrough technologies and solutions in the market, building up new ecosystems, and identifying and promoting the coming stars. MedLogiq showcased technology that will rapidly enable safety monitoring, performance testing and event reporting capabilities. These are sorely lacking in the global medical device market and will deliver benefits to many stakeholders across the entire product life cycle. Regulators need timely and accurate data to effectively evaluate and new devices and monitor the performance of devices in use. Medical device manufacturers must improve product safety and performance while decreasing cost and time-to-market. Defects will also be identified and resolved more quickly and cost effectively. Healthcare Providers will be able to maintain devices and report adverse events more efficiently. William Acevedo, CEO of MedLogiq stated, “We believe our technology will help close the massive technology gap in healthcare and deliver valuable data to all stakeholders involved in the delivery of care to improve access and outcomes.” By combining their expertise in regulatory affairs, data acquisition and the Internet of Things with advanced technologies from global market leaders like Mahle; MedLogiq vastly improves the safety of medical devices that patients depend on by providing device manufacturers, regulators and user facilities with the tools to maximize data value now and in the future. Contact Information MedLogiq William C. Acevedo 732-596-7888 Contact med-logiq.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from MedLogiq Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to content » Amateur Photographer Amateur Photographer Subscribe now Digital Edition Amateur Photographer Search for: Search Subscribe Digital Editions Print subscriptions Back issues RSS Feeds Latest Latest news Latest articles Latest announcements Opinion Equipment DSLR reviews Compact reviews Compact system camera reviews Lens reviews Accessory reviews Book reviews Sample Images Buying advice Round ups Camera round ups Camera comparisons Lens round ups Accessory round ups Technique Camera skills Expert advice Interviews Landscape photography Macro photography Photo editing Portrait photography Wedding photography Wildlife photography Photo appraisals Iconic images Photo insight The Video Mode Forum Visit forum Register Gallery Competitions APOY Home Accessory reviews Noise reduction software test Amateur Photographer March 7, 2017 0shares 0shares You can enjoy low-noise images when shooting at high ISO settings by using noise-reduction software. James Abbott looks at five options TAGS: Homepage   Modern cameras are excellent performers when it comes to high ISO sensitivities, and it’s common to be able to shoot as high as ISO 1600 without noise being a problem. These days, ISO1600 is roughly equivalent to ISO 400, in terms of noise, in cameras from ten years ago, so for most images you can often get away with not needing to use noise reduction. However, there are times when the ISO you need is so high that noise is inevitable. The most common reason for needing high ISO settings is to enable you get usable shots in low light by keeping the shutter speed fast enough to avoid camera shake. You also need high ISOs when shooting sports – where the shutter speed needs not to only support the focal length of the lens and avoid camera shake, but also to freeze the action. In these cases it can be common to shoot as high as ISO 25,600, and it’s at these settings where noise-reduction software can drastically reduce the amount of noise in your shots. The two main types of noise are colour/ chroma and luminance. Colour noise appears as coloured specks and patches, while luminance noise has a grain-like appearance similar to film grain, although more uniform in size and shape. Noise-reduction software is the best way to combat these negative side effects, and there are a number of options out there ranging from free software, noise-reduction features within editing software such as Photoshop to dedicated programs whose sole function is to reduce high ISO noise. We compared how five of your best options performed on the above shot to find out what works and what doesn’t. Lightroom/ACR Price: Creative Cloud Photography Plan £102 per year Website: www.adobe.com/uk Adobe Camera Raw (ACR) is the part of Photoshop used for processing raw files. The same image-processing engine is used in Lightroom, so the two offer identical features. The Noise Reduction controls sit within the Detail tab, and applying noise reduction is manual with no presets or intelligent auto settings on offer. By default, Color is set to 25, which is often more than adequate for even the highest ISO settings. For most images the Color slider is the only one you need to use to reduce colour noise, but the Detail and Smoothness sliders offer additional control. Luminance, which sits above Color, has the main slider set to 0 by default, and needs to be applied sparingly to avoid ‘waxy-looking’ detail. The Detail and Contrast sliders allow you to refine the appearance of the luminance noise reduction. The overall quality of noise reduction using Lightroom and ACR is excellent, and for most photographers shooting raw it’s the ideal choice. Lightroom did a great job of reducing both types of noise in our test images covering ISO 1600, 6400 and 25,600. Even at the highest ISO setting it was possible to drastically reduce noise without losing too much detail or creating waxy tones. For those shooting JPEGs, the Camera Raw Filter in Photoshop gives you access to ACR controls including noise reduction. SCORE: 4.5 out of 5 Google Nik Collection Dfine 2 Price: Free Website: www.google.com/nikcollection Dfine 2 comes with six plug-ins that work seamlessly with Photoshop, Lightroom and the now-defunct Aperture, so you will need one or more of these programs to use Dfine 2. The best way to use the software is to convert raw files to 16-bit TIFFs in Photoshop or Lightroom, and then open them in Dfine. The software interface is clear and simple, and when the image initially opens it’s analysed with Method set to Automatic. You can use this or select Manual to choose several points manually within the image, but Automatic saves time. At this point you click on the Reduce tab and have two options: Points and Colour Ranges. Points provides an easy way of reducing noise and the ability to place localised control points. The Colour Ranges option breaks the image down into three channels and offers the ability to control contrast noise (luminance) and colour noise independently. The main problem is that you’re working on a TIFF rather than a raw file, and you will nearly always achieve better results using raw. Results were impressive, though, and the plug-in suite is worth looking into if only for HDR Efex Pro and Silver Efex Pro. SCORE: 3.5 out of 5 DxO OpticsPro 11 Elite Price: £159 Website: www.dxo.com DxO OpticsPro 11 Elite offers all the controls you’d expect in a raw converter, plus unrivalled lens correction and highly regarded noise-reduction capabilities. This software does most of what you need and offers seamless integration with Lightroom. Make all your adjustments in Lightroom, export a DNG to OpticsPro for lens correction, sharpening and noise reduction, and then back into Lightroom. OpticsPro uses DxO PRIME technology to analyse raw files to differentiate between noise and fine details. Using just the intelligent automatic noise-reduction feature produced the best results in our test, but there are four simple sliders that can also be used. First, choose between the HQ (Fast) and PRIME algorithms, with the former being faster and the latter providing slower processing time but improved noise reduction. With a high ISO shot PRIME is the logical choice. If you prefer to use manual, you can use the sliders to reduce luminance and colour noise, plus coarse noise and colour blotches. There’s also a slider to reduce dead and hot pixels. The noise reduction achievable by OpticsPro 11 Elite is the best in class. The main downside is that if you use Lightroom it requires an extra purchase. However, the licence is a one-off fee, and OpticsPro works standalone or will integrate into Lightroom’s workflow. SCORE: 5 out of 5 MacPhun Luminar Price: £44 Website: www.macphun.com/luminar MacPhun Luminar is an image-editing program for all levels of photographer. In a photography world dominated by Adobe products, MacPhun is making waves with its primarily Mac-based software. At present Luminar is only available for Apple computers, but future software is expected for PCs. Luminar works as standalone software and as a plug-in for Photoshop, and supports various image file types including raw. One of its innovative features is that you can adapt the interface to suit your needs and ability, by turning the visibility of tools and features off or on. Noise reduction is accessed via the main menu rather than a tool bar, but is easy to find. The software is a pleasure to use thanks to its simplicity and powerful controls. The noise-reduction controls were the easiest to use in the test by far, and despite their simplicity the results were very good. The results were in the same league as Lightroom, which makes this software a very attractive proposition for the price for Mac users. At the time of writing Luminar is available for £44 (RRP £52). Like DxO OpticsPro 11 Elite, Luminar is a great piece of software with unique features, but neither includes the image-cataloguing capabilities of Lightroom. Topaz DeNoise Price: $79.99 Website: www.topazlabs.com/denoise Topaz DeNoise is designed just to reduce noise, although Topaz does produce a range of photography software solutions. Just like Dfine 2, DeNoise integrates with both Photoshop and Lightroom, but also covers Corel PaintShop Pro and Photo Plus (although Photo Plus is no longer supported by Serif, despite being available to purchase). DeNoise uses image data to remove noise and recover detail, with controls to handle colour and luminosity noise alongside problems such debanding, shadow- tone restoration and colour casts. DeNoise offers the most controls of all the software in this test, and will appeal to those who like to fine-tune noise reduction. However, the process is more time-consuming than the other options despite being able to use existing presets and those you create yourself. These include presets for a limited number of cameras at specific ISO settings, plus a selection for JPEG and raw. The software works with JPEGs or TIFFS, and for best results you should convert raw files to 16-bit TIFFs. DeNoise did a good job of our ISO1600 and 6400 test images, but at ISO 25,600 it started to fall behind the others. While the image looked good at fit to screen, when zoomed in to 100% there was strong luminance noise visible, especially in the shadows. At $79 Topaz DeNoise isn’t expensive, but Nik Dfine is free and offers better results. SCORE: 3 out of 5 Our verdict Noise-reduction software remains an important consideration for photographers, despite the incredible capabilities of modern cameras. The main considerations are whether or not you want to add another step to your workflow, change processing software or is it important for you to work with raw files rather than 16-bit TIFFs? The answer will be different for everyone, but there are certainly some interesting options on the table. Topaz DeNoise offers a lot of control over each element of noise reduction, all within software that works standalone or integrates with several other editing programs, most notable perhaps being PaintShop Pro, which isn’t often supported by plug-ins. Unfortunately, the overall process using DeNoise was slower than the other software, and the results not as good with higher ISO images. Considering Google Nik Dfine 2 works with 16-bit TIFFs (or JPEGs), the plug-in did a very good job of reducing noise in our test images. It wasn’t too far behind Adobe Camera Raw, although this point alone makes its use questionable because of the extra step it would introduce into your Adobe-based workflow. That said, it is free and sits within a suite of highly regarded plug-ins. Adobe may have a monopoly on editing software, but that hasn’t put MacPhun off from producing some excellent image-editing software packages including Luminar. The software is simple and intuitive to use, and the noise-reduction element was the easiest of all the software in the test. While the test images could have been pushed harder with higher settings without creating a waxy look, the overall results were similar to Adobe Camera Raw. Unfortunately, Luminar is currently only compatible with Apple computers. Lightroom is the king of image cataloguing, and alongside powerful controls it’s a strong option for photographers. Noise reduction is impressive, and if you want to keep your workflow simple with fast and easy-to-use noise reduction controls, then look no further. If you really want the best noise reduction you can buy, whether you’re looking for full automation or manual control, then DxO OpticsPro 11 Elite is the option for you. This powerful raw-processing software produces excellent results, and works standalone or integrates with Lightroom for the most powerful combination of all. To achieve the finest results you’ll want to select the PRIME algorithm ahead of the HQ (fast) option, however you’ll need to be prepared for this to eat into your workflow. It slows down the speed of turning around large batches of images considerably. It might not have the image cataloguing of Lightroom, but if you’re after ultimate noise reduction control, DxO Optics Pro gets the nod. Review Finder All Review Categories Compact reviewsCompact system camerasDSLR reviewsLens reviewsReviews All Manufacturers CanonCasioCokinDxOFormatt-HitechFujiGoProHandeVisionHasselbladHTCKenkoKodakKonicaLee FiltersLeicaLoweproNikkorNikonOlympusPanasonicPentaxPolaroidRicohSamsungSamyangSanDiskSigmaSonyTamracTamronZeiss All Review Types Field TestFirst impressions reviewFull reviewHands-on first look review Min Price £5 £10 £15 £20 £25 £30 £35 £40 £45 £50 £100 £200 £300 £400 £500 £600 £700 £800 £900 £1,000 £1,100 £1,200 £1,300 £1,400 £1,500 £1,600 £1,700 £1,800 £1,900 £2,000 to Max Price £5 £10 £15 £20 £25 £30 £35 £40 £45 £50 £100 £200 £300 £400 £500 £600 £700 £800 £900 £1,000 £1,100 £1,200 £1,300 £1,400 £1,500 £1,600 £1,700 £1,800 £1,900 £2,000 Most popular articles How to make your own passport photos at home, from passport photo size to printing If you want to avoid the dreaded photo booth, why not take your own passport photo? We give you the lowdown on passport shooting, production and printing. EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Mr Kazuto Yamaki, CEO of Sigma ‘In the future, I think mirrorless models will be dominant’ AP speaks to Mr Kazuto Yamaki in an exclusive interview held at the company's headquarters in Aizu, Japan. Steve McCurry: McCurry’s India National Geographic and Magnum Photos legend Steve McCurry talks to AP Editor Nigel Atherton about his work and his love of the Indian subcontinent Scenes from the Urban Stage: How Stan Raucher captured the human condition on the world’s metros Award winning photographer Stan Raucher talks to us about his recent project, travelling the world's metro systems to capture candid moments of everyday life that reflect the human condition. Learn photography Want to learn how to take great images, or improve your photography skills? Visit the School of Photographic Imaging, to see our range of courses. School of Photographic Imaging Latest issue Amateur Photographer 11 March 2017 In Amateur Photographer 11 March 2017 we celebrate the joys of film photography, helping you to discover some film camera bargains and cost-effective darkroom and developing solutions. If you still… Buy a digital edition of this magazine Subscribe to Amateur Photographer Latest reviews Canon EOS M6 review: Hands on first look Andy Westlake takes a first look at Canon’s latest mirrorless… Canon EOS 77D review: Hands on first look Canon has added the EOS 77D and EOS 800D to… Sony A6500 review Audley Jarvis takes a closer look at Sony’s flagship APS-C… Sigma 500mm f/4 DG OS HSM Sport Field Test Michael Topham tests Sigma's new flagship telephoto lens on a… Latest news Fujifilm X-T20 vs Canon EOS M5 March 6, 2017 We take a look at how the two APS-C compact system cameras stack up against… Hasselblad announces fresh lenses for X1D March 6, 2017 After launching the X1D last year, Hasselblad has unveiled plans for four new XCD lenses… Raw HDR capture arrives on Lightroom Mobile March 6, 2017 Android and iOS users are to be able to capture raw HDR footage straight from… Subscribe to our newsletter Enter your email address below to receive email newsletters from Amateur Photographer. Your email address: Sign Up By submitting your details, you will also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Amateur Photographer and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you’d prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Show More Round ups Best professional DSLRs 2015 We round up the best professional DSLRs on the market at the moment Best travel tripods for £100 or less Looking for a lightweight travel tripod for less than £100? Andy Westlake assesses some lesser-known… Best video top lights If you are shooting video we recommend investing in a top light sooner rather than… Best tablets 2014 We’ve brought together some of the most popular tablets on the market to see how… Best hotshoe mics Hotshoe mics enable videographers to capture pro-quality sound without costing the earth. Callum McInerney-Riley reveals… Amateur Photographer of the Year (APOY) Amateur Photographer Awards 2017 We are pleased to announce this year’s winners of the 40th Amateur Photographer Awards Equipment chat in our forum Beep beep alarm Does anyone remember my frustration about being woken at 2.30am by an alarm going off?… February 15, 2017 Nikon D80 Tripod For Overhead Shots Hi Guys, I am a complete amateur photographer who is looking for a cheap and… February 15, 2017 rectangles feet-splash-red by lfc-1892, on Flickr Plenty of therm in this scene, some uniform, others tilted… February 15, 2017 Couple Old Guys Probably talking coffee prices. February 15, 2017 Techniques A town without children: Photographing the 1966 Aberfan disaster In 1966, American photojournalist I.C. Rapoport travelled to Aberfan to document the aftermath of the… Photo Insight with Harry Borden: Mary Nightingale Portrait photographer Harry Borden tells the story behind his shoot with the popular television newscaster Will Burrard-Lucas: How to get close to wildlife Will Burrard-Lucas can get close to wildlife thanks to his wideangle style plus the BeetleCam… Wildlife watch: Fallow deer With their distinct antlers, fallow deer make perfect autumn subjects, says Paul Hobson Hand of God: Reverend Dr Richard Hainsworth As well as being a busy vicar at Northop Hall, Reverend Dr Richard Hainsworth finds… Explore the site Latest news Technique Buying advice Other Ways To Read Subscribe Digital Editions RSS Feeds Get In Touch About us Advertise Contact Amateur Photographer Search Search for: Search Socialftr © Copyright Time Inc. (UK) Ltd. Amateur Photographer is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network. All rights reserved. Terms & conditions | Privacy policy | Cookie consent
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News 365dayscoupons app launched for online coupon codes Everything you need to know (1888PressRelease) March 07, 2017 – 365dayscoupons.com on Sunday launched a new mobile app called 365dayscoupons to get discounts, free online shopping coupon codes and promo codes and verified by dedicated team that helps you to save money while shopping online. The current market leaders in the coupons and deals space, 365dayscoupons aims to bring seamless couponing experience to your mobile phones. The app will be mainly launched on the android platform and will soon be available on the Apple App Store. Users can download the app from Google Play Store and enjoy the 365dayscoupons Couponing Experience on the go. Where to download 365dayscoupons app from? To use it, one needs to download the app from a Google App store. You can download the 365dayscoupons app from here: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.baig.usman.dayscoupons How to use 365dayscoupons app for redeeming Promo Codes Online? After downloading the app from the Play store, the user has to search his/her favorite store name and get discount coupon codes. Save up to 50% with these top coupons. To redeem use a promotion code, visit the merchant page of your choosing, click and copy coupon code, and enter your coupon code at checkout to see your total shrink! If it’s a deal you spot and not a code, just click our link to view the seasonal or special sale. Discount or deal will be automatically applied when you check out. No coupon code needed. Online coupon Codes Company 365dayscoupons launches Android app 365dayscoupons, an online coupon company, has rolled out its app for Android users. Although competing with popular coupon companies such as RetailMeNot and groupon, 365dayscoupons claims that more than 1 million coupons have been redeemed on its portal till date. The app provides coupon codes for 300-plus categories, including food, hotels, travels, electronics, fashion, home and garden and more. It also lists popular stores on the home page and each store features all the offers of the day. There is a search bar at the top, which also displays trending offers. The popular stores listed on 365dayscoupons include Amazon, walmart, hotels, como, Geekbuying, and GearBest. About Company: Visit our website www.365dayscoupons.com for Find online shopping coupons, deals, promotional codes, discount codes. Browse through thousands of Coupons for all your favorite brands, from all your favorite stores. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Food and Beverage, Home and Garden, Markets, Space, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Keep All Your Party Woes At Bay With Kitty Bee App Next PostNext Maf opens Mall of Egypt in Cairo, complete with indoor ski slope Search Recent Posts Samenvatting: Nieuw onderzoek van Morinaga Milk met baanbrekende technologie bevestigt leeftijdsgerelateerde verandering darmflora Resumen: La fusión de NFS y Telecel Global impulsan las operaciones de Telecel A matter of choice – the new 2018 Porsche 911 GT3 WaterField Works with Customers to Design Two Unique Nintendo Switch Cases Sara Lazar PhD to Speak at The American Meditation Institute’s 9th Annual CME Conference on Relieving Physician Burnout with Meditation and Yoga Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Business Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Malaysia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Asia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history World Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore's grand old dames Malaysian cops warn of new parcel scam This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Barbie Hsu passes out from heart condition: 'My husband saved my life' US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test OCBC joins home loans war among local banks Singapore Chong Zi Liang Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags laws Singapore Singapore Broadcast laws to be updated this year The Straits Times | Chong Zi Liang | Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Minister for Communications and Information Yaacob Ibrahim yesterday said the Broadcasting Act will be changed later this year, and details will be announced soon. Photo: Berita Harian Chong Zi Liang The Straits Times Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Singapore will update its laws to ensure that overseas content - which has become more readily available - is in line with local values. Minister for Communications and Information Yaacob Ibrahim yesterday said the Broadcasting Act will be changed later this year, and details will be announced soon. Dr Yaacob said the amendments are necessary as technology has enabled Singaporeans to access a wide variety of content online. "When overseas content providers are directly targeting Singaporeans, we need to ensure that their content is in line with our community values, including the need to uphold racial and religious harmony," he added. During the debate on his ministry's budget, several MPs raised concerns about the spread of false information, or "fake news". Ms Sun Xueling (Pasir Ris-Punggol GRC) noted that false information was said to have shaped voter behaviour in last year's Brexit vote and United States presidential elections, and countries like Germany are looking at laws to tackle the problem. Mr Ong Teng Koon (Marsiling-Yew Tee GRC) stressed the danger of fake news straining religious and ethnic fault lines in Singapore's diverse society. But he also cautioned that over-regulation would harm Singapore's image as an open society. "A totally draconian approach is unlikely to work," he said. Dr Yaacob said the update to broadcasting laws will address such concerns. "The Internet is vast and open, but if an entity reports news about Singapore regularly to inform Singaporeans on matters of public interest, we expect them to do so responsibly," he said. He also pointed out that tech giants such as Facebook and Google have recognised that a certain degree of control is necessary. For instance, Google has prohibited advertisements on sites with deliberate misinformation, while Facebook is mobilising users to call out misinformation in their news feeds. The amendments will cover all broadcast content, including entertainment and news reporting. Dr Yaacob said the Government is studying the proposed changes very closely, to avoid adding undue burden to businesses. But a review of laws and regulations is just one aspect of dealing with misinformation, he said. The public also plays a crucial role in being discerning when accessing information, he added. "To this end, we will continue to promote information and media literacy to all Singaporeans, particularly the young and those who may be vulnerable." During the debate, Mr Pritam Singh (Aljunied GRC) suggested that Parliament sittings be streamed live online. This would provide a source of reliable information to better inform the public. In response, Minister of State for Communications and Information Chee Hong Tat said videos of all parliamentary speeches are uploaded online the day after the sitting. The videos are also kept online for six months, he added. ziliang@sph.com.sg This article was first published on March 7, 2017. Get a copy of The Straits Times or go to straitstimes.com for more stories. Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Super Auction Q!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! Get Your iPhone & Accessories at Attractive Prices Power Up Your Luck with These Accessories Today! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things in tech you need to know today Sam Shead Mar. 7, 2017, 1:50 AM 637 facebook linkedin twitter email print Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel. Kimberly White/Getty Images for Vanity Fair Good morning! Here is the tech news you need to know this Tuesday. 1. Snap Inc. had its first down day in the stock market since going public on Thursday. Shares of the parent company of Snapchat fell 12% in trading on Monday to as low as $23.79 (£19.44). They were about 16% lower than their high after the initial public offering. 2. Wall Street analysts are warning people not to buy stock in Snap. It has zero buy recommendations. 3. The Nintendo Switch is Nintendo's fastest-selling console ever. It's unclear exactly how many units have been sold but we know that the Nintendo Wii sold 600,000 units during its first eight days on the market. 4. Google promoted a fake conspiracy theory that Obama was planning a secret communist coup to overthrow the United States government. The Californian search giant is being criticised because of how it promotes fake news. 5. Airbnb cofounder Nathan Blecharczyk had his door bell ripped off by a guest who was somewhat surprised when the 33-year-old entrepreneur turned up to inspect the damage. Blecharczyk said he rents out a building on his property 300 nights of the year. 6. Deliveroo is facing a tribunal on whether its riders are actually workers. The case will likely have ramifications for other gig-economy firms. 7. Programmers in the Valley are pressuring their friends to quit working at Uber. The taxi giant's "toxic culture" is a hot topic at the moment. 8. Shazam's CEO said the company could be an acquisition target now that it's profitable. The company's music identification app has 1 billion downloads on iOS and Android so far. 9. Jay Z's Roc Nation is launching a venture fund to invest in early-stage startups. The "startup platform" will be called Arrive. 10. Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff said the "roaring" market has ended Salesforce's $5 billion (£4 billion) buying binge."The acquisition window has really narrowed. And I just don't see any big acquisitions in the short term," he said in an interview with CNBC. NOW WATCH: Here's why Steve Jobs never let his kids use an iPad Loading video... Follow 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: 10 Things You Need To Know SAI 10 Things You Need To Know SAI UK facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things in tech you need to know today 10 things in tech you need to know today Good morning! Here is the tech news you need to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat.com Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation Google Keep is Now Integrated Into Docs Published by Sia, in Internet — March 7, 2017March 7, 2017 Google Keep, Google’s answer to note-taking applications like Evernote and OneNote, is getting a huge bump today as the application is officially part of G Suite’s core service. For those who heavily rely on G Suite applications for their daily work, the addition of “Keep” will be useful when it comes to taking notes. Top 10 Free Note-Taking Apps For Smartphones Top 10 Free Note-Taking Apps For Smartphones Have you ever found yourself in a situation where you need to write down a thought or an…Read more However, Keep’s addition to G Suite is just the tip of the iceberg. For those who are frequent users of Docs, you’ll be glad to know that Keep has been integrated with Google’s own word processor. From this point forward, you will be able to access Keep directly from the “Tools” menu. Once activated, Keep will open as a sidebar, with all of your notes ready for perusal. From the Keep sidebar, you will be able to: Drag and drop notes, images, checklist and other information you have directly into the document you’re currently working on. Inversely, you’ll also be able to add new notes to Keep while you’re working in Docs. All you have to do is highlight the appropriate text, right-click on it, and choose “Save to Keep notepad”. Alternatively, you can insert a new note of your own by typing into the “Take a note” box instead. Do note that Keep integration is currently only available on the web version of Google Docs, so those of you who frequently work on your mobile device will not be able to leverage this feature quite yet. 10 Tips to Better Productivity With Evernote 10 Tips to Better Productivity With Evernote Evernote is a great tool for easy synchronization of notes across multiple devices and various platforms. It's used…Read more © 2007‐2017 Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Google+ Youtube Reddit Dribbble Behance Github CodePen Email
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Hardware Image Source: crosathorian Get ready to make calls with Amazon’s Alexa Mike Wehner @MikeWehner March 3rd, 2017 at 10:10 PM Share Tweet Amazon’s hugely popular Alexa virtual assistant is already everywhere, and given her similarities to Apple’s Siri and Google Assistant, it was only a matter of time before she ended up connecting our phone calls, too. A new report from Recode suggests that’s exactly what is in the works at Amazon HQ, and that the company is preparing to debut at least one call-capable Alexa-enabled device by the end of 2017. Don't Miss: Two brand new Dave Chappelle stand-up specials will hit Netflix in March The report, which cites unnamed sources familiar with Amazon’s plans, claims that the new Alexa device will allow users to prompt a phone calls just by asking, but could also serve double duty as a long-distance intercom system. The intercom feature would essentially connect two Alexa users wherever they might be, kind of like a streamlined speakerphone. It’s an interesting concept, but the report falls short of answering a number of important questions about how the calling features would work, including whether or not users will have specific handles, or if Alexa will gain the ability to sync with a wireless number and mobile contact list in order to make the process as pain-free as possible. Amazon reportedly has at least one call-capable device in the beta testing phase. It’s worth noting that, thanks to last month’s announcement by Motorola during MWC, we already know that Alexa is headed to smartphones. The digital assistant is coming to Motorola’s Moto Z as a snap-on accessory, but will be fully integrated with future smartphones from the company which are coming later this year. Tags: Alexa, amazon View Comments Trending 1 Tech Man suffers fatal heart attack after catching one of the rarest creatures in ‘Pokemon Go’ 2 Tech First report on the Galaxy Note 8 suggests Samsung is going big 3 Tech New report reaffirms the most exciting new iPhone 8 feature 4 Tech Another painful reminder of Android’s most infuriating problem 5 Entertainment Pokemon Go: Best gym defenders after the Generation 2 update Picked For You The Galaxy S8 will have an ‘Infinity Display’ By Chris Smith March 3rd at 7:04 PM You’re going to want the next big T-Mobile Tuesdays deal By Chris Mills March 4th at 11:30 AM Exclusive: This is the Galaxy S8 By Zach Epstein March 1st at 10:59 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
null

International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India Elections World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones HMD Global's Nokia 5, 3, Nokia 3310 (2017) pre-order service goes live in Europe; when will shipments begin? Netherlands-based e-commerce portal Belsimpel has listed two of the three Nokia Android phones -- Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3 -- on its site for €189 and €139, respectively. Rohit KVN   March 7, 2017 12:00 IST HMD Global’s Nokia 5, 3, Nokia 3310 (2017) pre-order service goes live in Europe: when it will be releasedNokia Official Website (screen-shot) HMD Global Oy's Nokia-branded Android phones and the iconic Nokia 3310 re-boot, which were launched at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017, can now be pre-ordered in select regions of Europe. Dutch e-commerce portal Belsimpel has listed two of the three Nokia Android phones -- Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3 -- on its site for €189 and €139, respectively. Interested consumers can book them in any of the four colours tempered blue, silver, matte black, copper, reported Nokia Power User. Also read: Make in India impact: Nokia 6, 5, 3 will cost less in subcontinent; release details revealed Consumers can also pre-order Nokia 3310 (2017), but there is no official word on when it will be delivered. Going by the company's press statement released during the unveiling event, the Nokia devices are expected to made available in the second quarter of 2017. So, shipping of the devices is expected to commence only in April. Though Nokia 6 is missing in the e-retail site, it is expected to be added to the device list soon. Also read: Complete specifications of Nokia 6, 5, 3 and Nokia 3310 Besides Belsimpel, other retail chains including Clove and Carphone Warehouse in UK have also announced to sell the new Nokia phones. They are expected to commence pre-registration process in the coming week. HMD Global's Nokia 5, 3, Nokia 3310 (2017) pre-order service goes live in Europe: when it will be releasedNokia Power User (NPU) Watch this space for latest news on Nokia. Key specifications of Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3: Models Nokia 6 Nokia 5 Nokia 3 Display 5.5-inch full HD IPS LCD screen with Sculpted Corning Gorilla Glass display having sunlight readibility Aspect ratio: 16:9 Brightness: 450 nits (laminated) Pixel density: 403 ppi (pixels per inch) 5.2-inch HD (1280x720p) IPS LCD screen with 2.5D sculpted Corning Gorilla Glass display having Sunlight visibility improvement, polarizer Aspect ratio: 16:9 Brightness: 500 nits (laminated) 5.0-inch HD (1280x720p) IPS LCD screen with 2.5D sculpted Corning Gorilla Glass display having Sunlight visibility improvement, polarizer Aspect ratio: 16:9 Brightness: 450 nits (laminated) OS Android 7.1.1 Nougat with Google Assistant Android 7.1.1 Nougat with Google Assistant Android 7.0 Nougat with Google Assistant Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 octa-core CPU Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 octa-core CPU 1.3GHz MediaTek (MTK 6737) quad-core RAM 3GB/4GB 2GB 2GB Storage 32GB/64GB, expandable up to 128GB 16GB, expandable up to 128GB 16GB, expandable up to 128GB Camera Main: 16MP camera with PDAF (Phase Detection Auto Focus), 1.0µm, f/2.0 aperture, dual tone flash Front: 8MP AF (autofocus), 1.12um, f/2, 84 degrees FOV (Field Of View) Main: 13MP camera with PDAF (Phase Detection Auto Focus), f/2.0 aperture, 1.12µm, dual tone flash Front: 8MP camera with autofocus, 1.12µm pixel sense, f/2.0 aperture, 84-degree FOV Main: 8MP camera with autofocus, 1.12µm, f/2 aperture, LED flash Front: 8MP camera with autofocus, 1.12µm, f/2 aperture, 84-degree FOV, display flash Battery 3,000mAh 3,000mAh 2,650mAh Network 4G-LTE 4G-TLE 4G-LTE Add-ons Fingerprint sensor, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, NFC (Near Field Communication), microUSB v2.0, OTG support, dual speakers with Smart amplifier (TFA9891) having Dolby Atmos, Fingerprint sensor, Bluetooth v4.1, Wi-Fi, NFC, microUSB v2.0, OTG support, single speaker with Smart amplifier (TFA9891) Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, NFC, microUSB v2.0, OTG support, single speaker Dimensions 154 x 75.8 x 7.85 mm (8.4 with camera bump) 149.7 x 72.5 x 8.05 mm (8.55 with camera bump) 143.4 x 71.4 x 8.48 mm (8.68mm is camera bump) Colours Arte Black (limited edition), Matte Black, Tempered Blue, Silver, Copper Tempered Blue, Silver, Matte Black, Copper Tempered Blue, Silver, Matte Black, Copper Price (global) Generic: €229 (approx. $243/Rs.16,183) Arte Black: €299(approx. $317/Rs. 21,131) €189 (approx. $200/Rs.13,357) €139 (approx. $147/Rs.9824) Related MWC-like Indian Mobile Congress set to debut this year MWC 17 round-up: Nokia, Lenovo, Sony, LG, ZTE and more launch new devices at Barcelona BlackBerry KEYOne India price revealed Also read Google Assistant feature rolled to non-Pixel branded Android phones Here's how Facebook's AI-based suicide prevention tool work Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Selfie after every wicket! Reactions as BCCI and Oppo Mobiles strike sponsorship deal 58 minutes ago By Sayantan Maitra Here's why Netflix needs to think well out of the box to win in India! 1 hour ago By Kukil Bora Editor's Pick Ancient Mars might have been submerged in water and supported life New Coca-Cola ad has a brother and sister fighting for the same guy...but who wins? Why advertise with us? most popular New update brings Auto White Balance option to Google Photos app Prior to the new update to Googe Photos app, users had limited setting options such as exposure, saturation, and contrast, now, with the new update, they will get Auto White Balance option to manage colour accuracy of the image taken on phone's camera. Apple launches new iPhone 6 (2017) with 32GB storage The new Apple iPhone 6 (2017) model with 32GB storage option is available in China, Taiwan, and India (via Amazon with Rs. 28,999 price-tag), as well. 2017-edition Samsun Galaxy A7, A5 series launched in India; all you need to know Samsung's new 2017-edition Galaxy A7 and the Galaxy A5 come with many Galaxy S7 features including IP68 certifications, Samsung Pay and more. US military probes Facebook group of naked female Marines The Facebook group called "Marines United" was originally founded in 2015, and it includes male members from US Marines, Navy Corpsmen and British Royal Marines. OPPO 5x Dual Camera Zoom Review: New technology that zooms and captures details OPPO unveiled the 5x Dual Camera Zoom at MWC 2017 and here's how OPPO's new camera technology works in real world scenario. MWC-like Indian Mobile Congress set to debut this year Indian Mobile Congress (IMC), on the lines of MWC 2017, is the brainchild of Department of Telecom (DoT), the Ministry of Electronics and IT and Cellular Operators Association of India. Verizon Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge get Android Nougat; Galaxy S6, S6 edge have to wait longer Android Nougat has been made available to Verizon subscribers owning Samsung Galaxy S7 and the S7 edge, while the update for the Galaxy S6 and the S6 edge has been deferred indefinitely. LG confirms to release Android Nougat to V10 and G4 series LG has decided to release Android Nougat to LG V10 and the G4 series later this year, but the company has warned owners to update their devices at their own risk. Photo Gallery Happy Women's Day 2017: Best Quotes, Messages, Wishes, Greetings to send your dear ones Happy Women's Day 2017: Best Quotes, Messages, Wishes, Greetings to send your dear ones AR Rahman launches Lake of Fire audio AR Rahman launches the audio of 'Lake of Fire' by Omantra Films in association with Qutub-e-Kirpaa at KM College of Music and Technology. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Mobbo Reveals Which Ad Networks Perform Best for Mobile App Marketers Mobbo Reveals Which Ad Networks Perform Best for Mobile App Marketers Posted on March 7, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Tel-Aviv, Israel — (SBWIRE) — 03/06/2017 — Mobbo has sifted through the technology stack of 3.1 million apps, analyzing over 1,000 SDK components to calculate the Mobile Advertising Power Index, which reveals the key players in the mobile advertising market. As with preceding editions, The Mobbo Power Index offers app publishers and marketers insightful benchmarks of mobile app SDK components, helping them to make informed decisions about the best technology stacks. The new report sheds light on the scale and performance of popular SDK components and tracks the movers and shakers in the mobile industry. The Index offers a global look at the best performing mobile media sources, covering: – Operating systems (Android and iOS) – Regions: North America; Asia-Pacific (APAC); Europe; Latin America – Measurement of Scale, Retention, Quality and Growth. "We're excited to release the latest edition of The Mobbo Power Index," said Ofir Krisspel, CEO of Mobbo. "To improve and ultimately perfect an app, developers need to select the right SDKs – Software Development Kits. However, in today's marketplace app developers are literally inundated with SDK choices, making it difficult to choose the best ones. As the leading SDK intelligence data provider, we are in a unique position to offer an in-depth look with valuable information for app marketers in their quest to pinpoint the best SDKs to integrate with, as well as for service providers in the mobile app economy who want to understand the competitive landscape in their field. The new Index reveals industry changes and new players in the always-evolving app landscape." A few key findings from the latest edition of the research include: – 78% of "Top Overall" ranked apps on Android and 55% on iOS, have implemented at least one In App Advertising SDK, which seems to become a must-have component of any mobile app monetization stack. – Android apps are more aggressive with ads, 63.4% of Android apps (non-games) contain ads, versus 25.4% on iOS, over X2.5 difference. – Google Continues to dominate: Admob (by Google) maintains its position as the top in app advertising SDK in Q4 2016 and dominates with 83% Share Of Voice on Android, and 78% share, on iOS globally, followed by Chartboost with 25% and 35%, and Facebook with 24% and 6.5%, respectively. – Chartboost and Applovin Scale on gaming apps, While Admob share is slowly declining in that category. – Facebook scales in non-game mobile Apps second only to Admob by Google, and is likely to become a serious rival, with an impressive growth rate. – Cheetah Mobile leads the Growth rate chart with a whopping 122.72% Growth during Q4, delivering unrivaled scale and impressive retention on Android, followed by Avocarrot with 81.96% and Supersonic (by Ironsource) with 79.45%. About Mobbo Mobbo measures the mobile world and offers powerful data driven market research tools, providing insights to help publishers, investors, marketers and analysts across the world make more informed decisions, and succeed in the global app economy. For more information and to download The Mobbo Power Index, go to: https://mobbo.com/whitepaper-monetization/ Contact: Ofir Krisspel Company: Mobbo Phone: 0523958896 Email: 147934@email4pr.com Website: https://www.mobbo.com/ For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/mobbo-reveals-which-ad-networks-perform-best-for-mobile-app-marketers-776929.htm Media Relations Contact Ofir Krisspel Email: Click to Email Ofir Krisspel Web: https://www.mobbo.com Latest News How (& Why) To Stream a Facebook Live Webinar Brian First Publishing Announces Release of New Children’s Book HiWebby: The World’s Marketplace for Selling and Buying Websites, Domains, and Apps Launched Mobbo Reveals Which Ad Networks Perform Best for Mobile App Marketers Elite Pacific Properties Brings Darren Hardy Live to Honolulu for a Once-In-A-Lifetime Workshop Event FlipBuilder Booklet Creator for Mac–Flip PDF, Create a Booklet from PDF Gamers Can Now Play Omega Zodiac on Omega Zodiac Official Website MacX MediaTrans Reinforces Leadership with World’s First iTunes Purchases Support and Camera Roll Photos Deletion Drs. Adam and Hal Kimowitz Welcome New Patients with Missing Teeth in Denville, NJ for Leading-Edge Hybridge® Dental Implant Solutions Des Hague – Invests in Philanthropic Endeavors Through Stamford Youth Foundation © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Mobile Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Codename Revealed, Refurbished Note 7 Set For Release In Korea [Report] By Necta Casiple on March 7, 2017 02:52 PM PHOTOGRAPH: Isriya Paireepairit/Flickr | Samsung Galaxy Note 7’s successor is codenamed ‘Great.’ After the massive Note 7 recall last year, all eyes are on how Samsung will get back on its feet this year with its successor, the Samsung Galaxy Note 8. If it were to recover from the explosion fiasco, we can expect that its next flagship will boast more impressive and safer specs. While we don’t know much yet, its alleged codename teases exactly what kind of features the handset might offer. Citing unidentified sources, Sam Mobile claims that the Note 8 is codenamed “Great.” It was previously reported that its moniker is “Baikal,” but that appears not to be the case anymore, at least if the outlet’s report is any indication. The new one certainly gives us some high expectations for the device even though there are no definite updates yet about its specs. Of course, its codename wouldn’t really mean anything for the customers but its model numbers might be. Speaking of model numbers, 9to5 Google reports that  Note 8 will use SM-N950F. The company is reportedly skipping the N940’s most likely because Koreans believe the number 4 brings bad luck. This means the US carrier variants should be similar to the SM-N950A, N950T, N950V and N950S. Safer Galaxy Note 8 Earlier this year, Samsung confirmed it would give its Note lineup another chance.“I will bring back a better, safer and very innovative Note 8,” the company’s mobile chief Koh Dong-jin said. As previously reported, Samsung did not only launch a massive Galaxy Note 7 recall last year; it got a bad press as well. Roughly two months after its official release, the company officially ceased its production due to the growing number of explosion cases worldwide. Samsung’s official findings stated that the faulty batteries caused the devices to overheat and catch on fire. View Galaxy Note 7 Explosion Look on iPhone 7! HD – https://t.co/c5MIuB1RHo If you like this, Tag & share with your friends,thanks! pic.twitter.com/Px1LoLhXpC — Viral Videonet (@viral_videonet) February 23, 2017 Despite its terrible fate, Samsung still has hopes that it can retain some of its patrons. After the recall, it announced in October that it would offer some customers the option to trade up to a Note 8 for half price. Now, it reportedly even considers refurbishing the unit. Refurbished Galaxy Note 7 Sam Mobile further reports that Samsung will presumably repurpose many of the Note 7 phones and/or components that were recalled or pulled from sale. However, it might only limit its release to the South Korean market. Assuming this is accurate, it will feature model number SM-N935 (Grace R (Refurbished). Beyond that, there isn’t much information about Note 7’s return. Samsung may still be thinking this through and haven’t actually decided to put the devices back on the market. If they do, however, perhaps they will test the waters first with the limited release before launching it again outside of South Korea. Currently, Samsung Galaxy Note 8. has no release date yet. The last we heard, the tech giant was preparing to launch it sometime in the second half of this year. Also Read: Samsung Galaxy Note 8 To Retain Note 7 Features; Release Later This Year Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Korea, Note 8, Samsung, Samsung Galaxy Note 7, Samsung Galaxy Note 8, Samsung Rumors, Tech Rumors Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Samsung Expecting to Sell 12 Million Galaxy S8 On Launch Low Snapdragon 835 Yield: Reason Why Samsung Galaxy S8 Got Delayed Samsung Trademarks Galaxy X Name; Is the Phone Arriving Soon? About the author Necta Casiple Featured League of Legends Galio Rework Update: Champion Teaser Shows Hints of Total Build Rework, Evelynn, Urgot Next Ghost Recon Wildlands Release Time: US, UK, Canada Launch, Everything You Need To Know Ghost Recon Wildlands DLC: What To Expect Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Red Dead Redemption 2 PC Release, Backwards Compatibility Update: What To Expect After GTA V Online Update An online campaign for Red Dead Redemption 2’s PC release is gaining traction among... Final Fantasy 15 Off-Road Regalia: New Vehicle Redesign Revealed At GDC 2017 There has been some excitement surrounding the Final Fantasy 15 off-road Regalia, which has... Injustice 2 Next Character Reveal After Dr. Fate Next Week; Green Lantern And Green Arrow Possibly In Mid-March Injustice 2 continues to be one of the most anticipated fighters of 2017 and... Ghost Recon Wildlands PvP: Class-Based Multiplayer Could Be Patterned After Future Soldier Recently, Ubisoft announced a free PvP mode on their Ghost Recon Wildlands post-launch and... Overwach Orisa Abilities: How The New Hero Stacks Up Against Other Characters Blizzard Entertainment recently released the new Overwatch hero, Orisa, on its test servers. Public... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android featured Xbox One Sony Nintendo mobile gaming iPhone Samsung google Pokemon Ubisoft ps4 Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS facebook pokemon sun and moon Editors Pick EA playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 NBA 2k17 iPad Blizzard Game of Thrones games Overwatch NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.09 -0.05%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -1/32 yield 2.504%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.32 0.23%   Euro ▲ 1.0577 -0.05%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In GM’s Opel Exit Is Rare No-Confidence Vote in European Market Samsung Scandal Deepens as Prosecutors Detail Allegations Exxon’s $20 Billion Spending Plan Points to U.S. Energy Surge RadioShack to Seek Bankruptcy Protection, Again IBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence Facebook Wasn’t Ready for Video’s Dark Side CSX Agrees to Hire Hunter Harrison as CEO Kenyan Tea, a Reliable Export, Brews a Market at Home Chobani Hires Nestlé Executive as Operations Chief Argentina to Allow First Budget Airline to Begin Flying in Country Amazon’s View of the Cloud https://www.wsj.com/articles/how-artificial-intelligence-will-change-everything-1488856320 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Journal Reports: Leadership How Artificial Intelligence Will Change Everything Baidu’s Andrew Ng and Singularity’s Neil Jacobstein say this time, the hype about artificial intelligence is real Andrew Ng and Neil Jacobstein talk about the types of jobs that could be replaced with AI in the near future. Updated March 6, 2017 10:39 p.m. ET 4 COMMENTS Artificial intelligence is shaping up as the next industrial revolution, poised to rapidly reinvent business, the global economy and how people work and interact with each other. Andrew Ng, chief scientist at Chinese internet giant Baidu Inc. and co-founder of education startup Coursera, and Neil Jacobstein, chair of the artificial intelligence and robotics department at Silicon Valley think tank Singularity University, sat down with The Wall Street Journal’s Scott Austin to discuss AI’s opportunities and challenges. Here are edited excerpts. MR. AUSTIN: Andrew, there’s a lot going on with artificial intelligence. What is Baidu focused on? Journal Report Read more at WSJ.com/LeadershipReport More in CIO Network What Tech Employees Want Three VCs on What’s Next in Technology Tech Concerns and the Trump Administration Why Digital Transformations Are Hard What Businesses Can Do WIth Augmented-Reality Glasses MR. NG: For large enterprises like Baidu, AI creates two big pockets of opportunities. One is our core business. Web search, advertising—all of that is powered by AI today. For example, we run a very large food-delivery service, and when you order food, we use AI to predict how long the food will take to get to you. That includes deciding which motorcyclist to dispatch to pick up the food, so they arrive just as the food is cooked and fresh, and they can get it to your door while it’s as hot as possible. In addition to strengthening our core business, AI is creating a lot of new opportunities. Just as about 100 years ago electrification changed every single major industry, I think we’re in the phase where AI will change pretty much every major industry. So part of my work at Baidu is to systematically explore new verticals. We have built up an autonomous driving unit. We have a conversational computer, similar to Amazon’s Alexa and Google Home. And we’re systematically pursuing new industries where we think we can build an AI team to create and capture value. MR. AUSTIN: Let’s talk about speech recognition. I believe someone in your program has said that the hope is to get to the point where it is 99% accurate. Where are you on that? Andrew Ng says improvements in speech recognition could make its use far more common. MR. NG: A couple of years ago, we started betting heavily on speech recognition because we felt that it was on the cusp of being so accurate that you would use it all the time. And the difference between speech recognition that is 95% accurate, which is where we were several years ago, versus 99% accuracy isn’t just an incremental improvement. It’s the difference between you barely using it, like a couple of years ago, versus you using it all the time and not even thinking about it. At Baidu we have passed the knee of that adoption curve. Over the past year, we’ve seen about 100% year-to-year growth in the daily active use of speech recognition across our assets, and we project that this will continue to grow. In a few years everyone will be using speech recognition. It will feel natural. You’ll soon forget what it was like before you could talk to computers. MR. AUSTIN: Neil, at Singularity what sort of trends are you seeing from an AI perspective? MR. JACOBSTEIN: Just since the beginning of 2017 we’ve seen a team at Northwestern develop an AI that could solve the Raven Progressive Matrices Test, an intelligence test of visual and analogical reasoning, better than the average American. We also have seen a team at Imperial College London develop an AI that could diagnose pulmonary hypertension better than cardiologists typically do. Cardiologists have about 60% accuracy. This system does 80% accuracy. And in January of this year, Tuomas Sandholm and Noam Brown from Carnegie Mellon University developed a poker player called Libratus, which beat four of the world champion poker players, and not by just a little bit. They played 120,000 hands of poker, and Libratus ended up with $1.77 million in poker chips. This is a big deal, because it signals the ability to deal with incomplete information and to deal with situations that require bluffing and an opponent that generates misinformation. That is a really important set of skills. It will lend itself to negotiation, to strategy development, and perhaps even to policy analysis. MR. AUSTIN: For decades there has been a cycle of hype and rapid progress and then you have an AI winter and it goes away. Does everyone agree it’s different this time? MR. NG: Modern industries go through winter, winter, winter, and then eternal spring. I do think we’re in the eternal spring phase of AI, because unlike the earlier waves of maybe overhype, today AI is creating tremendous value for firms like Baidu and Google. This creates a very clear revenue stream with which to keep investing in and improving AI technology. JOHN BUSSEY: How might corporations that maybe haven’t thought much about AI use it to augment their strategy right now? Andrew Ng discusses all the different parts of his company's business that are powered by AI. MR. NG: Right now, AI technology is this magical thing, right? It’s useful for so many different things. But the reality is, AI technology needs a lot of customization for your business context. So I recommend that business leaders hire a senior AI leader—a chief AI officer or a VP—to sort this out for them. Recruiting AI talent is so difficult that having a centralized AI function would be the best way to have consistent hiring and promotion and management standards for an AI team. This team can then work cross-functionally to figure out how to fit these technologies into your business. MR. JACOBSTEIN: I have a different perspective on this. I believe in the power of small, interdisciplinary teams that have support high up in the corporation. It’s very important to match the speed of the technology with the nimbleness of the teams. And having a centralized AI guru at the top, where everybody has to ask questions of that person, is unlikely to be as fast and effective as having a decentralized organization with powerful teams, with real talent. One second of thought MR. AUSTIN: Do you think almost any job can be automated? Early on, we were talking about manufacturing jobs, blue-collar jobs, truck drivers. Now we’re talking about white-collar jobs. MR. NG: Things may change in the future, but one rule of thumb today is that almost anything that a typical person can do with less than one second of mental thought we can either now or in the very near future automate with AI. This is a far cry from all work. But there are a lot of jobs that can be accomplished by stringing together many one-second tasks. Neil Jacobstein talks about some recent achievements where AIs have been able to solve complex problems. Consider a security guard monitoring security footage. They have a pretty complex job. But the job maybe can be broken down into a lot of smaller tasks, which involve one second of cognitive thinking. So a lot of the art and skill in figuring out where to insert AI is to recognize the business opportunities where you have a complex system but a lot of these one-second tasks that you might be able to string together automatically. MR. JACOBSTEIN: I think people are going to be surprised at how fast machine learning is going to displace routine jobs. MR. AUSTIN: How fast are we talking? MR. JACOBSTEIN: We’re talking about a transition that’s going to occur over the next 10 to 15 years that is really significant. For that reason, we need to invest heavily in free education and explore various ways to provide a basic income [to those who are displaced]. MR. NG: Just as AI will destroy jobs, it will create new jobs that we can’t yet imagine. The challenge is the skills mismatch. MR. JACOBSTEIN: The good news is that AI and robotics are going to generate massive amounts of new wealth. Our responsibility is to make sure that in addition to having our companies be successful, people who get displaced have a reasonable quality of life. So yes, we need to make education affordable because there will be new jobs. But the real question is, “What’s the ratio of jobs destroyed to new jobs?” I think at least in the short term, that could be an unfavorable ratio. Write to reports@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (4) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no Forese keeps Burns in time out  Lawmaker: bill protecting student journalists flawed Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates Attorney with criminal record to serve as special prosecutor In Arizona, Trump’s promise to save coal jobs is colliding with reality  Disability providers say they need triple what Ducey offers  Forget the feds, state courts hold the key  State testing finds lead in public school drinking water Immaculate Heart and the Divided Parish  Arizona Capitol Times Your Inside Track to Arizona Politics News Legislature Governor’s Office Courts Agencies Opinion Commentary Letters to the Editor Submit opinions About Contact Us Newsroom Bios FAQ Subscriptions Capitol Careers Events 2017 Events at a Glance 2017 Morning Scoop Feb. 7 – Water May 9 – Education Aug. 15 – Transpo Oct. 10 – Health care 2017 Best of the Capitol Women in Public Policy Public Notices Public Notice Ad Info Public Notices Current Public Notices Archives Advertising Advertising Info Custom Publishing Az Marketplace Reader Demographics Capitol Store Subscribe Manage Account News Legislature Governor’s Office Courts Agencies Opinion Commentary Letters to the Editor Submit opinions About Contact Us Newsroom Bios FAQ Subscriptions Capitol Careers Events 2017 Events at a Glance 2017 Morning Scoop Feb. 7 – Water May 9 – Education Aug. 15 – Transpo Oct. 10 – Health care 2017 Best of the Capitol Women in Public Policy Public Notices Public Notice Ad Info Public Notices Current Public Notices Archives Advertising Advertising Info Custom Publishing Az Marketplace Reader Demographics Capitol Store Home / legislature / Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no By: Howard Fischer, Capitol Media Services March 6, 2017 , 10:25 pm One hour of coding instruction is not going to teach anyone to create the next generation of Minecraft. But Sen. John Kavanagh figures that if students are exposed to understanding code and what it can do, then a handful will be encourage to want to know more. So the Scottsdale Republican convinced the House Education Committee to vote 7-4 on Monday to require students to be exposed to just one hour of coding sometime between grades 4 and 12. SB 1136, which already has cleared the Senate on a 17-13 margin, now needs approval of the full House. Kavanagh said he became inspired to push the legislation after a trip to Silicon Valley where he and other lawmakers met with some the major players there including Google and Facebook. “One of the things they kept driving into us legislators was that they have to import hundreds of students from outside the U.S.,” he said. “There are not enough American students that have coding skills,” Kavanagh continued. “They would really like to have American-grown talent doing this work here.” So how much can a student learn in one hour? Not much,” Kavanagh conceded. But he said that’s not the point. “We’re simply trying to show young students what coding is so they understand the concept,” he said, learning why when they press a certain key on their smart phones it does a specific thing. “More importantly, they realize it may be something they’re interested in and something that they’re capable of learning.” And it’s not even necessary the teacher have any knowledge of coding. It’s built on a web site operated by Hourofcode.com, a nonprofit organization with the stated goal of expanding access to computer science. There are a series of programs at various grade levels. “So at the fourth and fifth-grade (level), the students might not actually write the code,” Kavanagh explained. “They may simply pick blocks of words and letters and insert them,” he continued, to see how each new provision affects the program. For example, it could be a race car program, where a specific line or group of lines causes a car to go faster or slower. “When they get older they’ll actually do the typing of the code command,” Kavanagh said. One of the issues of concern is adding a specific mandate for a very specific area of knowledge. But Kavanagh said it’s justified. “I don’t have to run a bill to teach students how to write a novel or learn to do calculus,” he said. By contrast, he said, coding is new and a “mystery” to many. Anyway, Kavanagh said, it doesn’t require a background in science to do coding, just an inquisitive mind. “You need the ability to think abstractly and solve problems,” Kavanagh said. “That’s what coding’s all about.” Not everyone thinks this is a great idea. “I’m not very supportive of us micromanaging what we’re teaching and for how long,” said Rep. Michelle Udall, R-Mesa. And Udall, who has a bachelor’s degree in computer science and has done programming, questioned whether what Kavanagh wants will do any good at all. “One hour of coding in between the grades of 4th and 12th is going to give very little benefit,” she said. “An hour’s about enough to figure out how frustrating it can be — but not enough to really learn the skills to be successful at it.” Kavanagh rejected the idea that his legislation is yet another unfunded mandate on public schools, if for no other reason than there’s no cost because the online program is free. Anyway, he said, the amount of time this would take — and just once — is “less than a field trip.” Share this: Email Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Classroom code computer Kavanagh mandatory class 10:25 pm Mon, March 6, 2017 Arizona Capitol Times Howard Fischer, Capitol Media Services You might also like Lawmaker: bill protecting student journalists flawed March 6, 2017 , 5:16 pm Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates March 6, 2017 , 4:54 pm Reporter Gary Grado promoted to Arizona Capitol Times Managing Editor March 6, 2017 , 10:48 am Attorney with criminal record to serve as special prosecutor March 6, 2017 , 5:19 am In Arizona, Trump’s promise to save coal jobs is colliding with reality  March 6, 2017 , 4:10 am State testing finds lead in public school drinking water March 3, 2017 , 4:11 pm Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. By Howard Fischer, Capitol Media Services Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no Lawmaker: bill protecting student journalists flawed State testing finds lead in public school drinking water Ducey’s hand out for fed fix of state roads Senate moves Borrelli billboard bill All (858) Reader Poll Which issue do you think will receive the most attention this legislative session?  &nbspK-12 education funding  &nbspFull-day kindergarten  &nbspMinimum wage increase-related costs   "Religious freedom" legislation like SB1062  &nbspObamacare’s repeal and its effect on the state budget  &nbspA yet-to-erupt scandal View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Find us on Facebook Morning Edition Email Address * Morning Edition Email Event Notification   Recent Posts Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no Forese keeps Burns in time out  Lawmaker: bill protecting student journalists flawed Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates Reporter Gary Grado promoted to Arizona Capitol Times Managing Editor My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Code for mandate? Lawmaker says no Forese keeps Burns in time out  Lawmaker: bill protecting student journalists flawed Trump call for merit-based immigration puzzles experts, advocates ARIZONA NEWS SERVICE PRODUCTS YELLOW SHEET REPORT LEGISLATION ON LINE ARIZONA (LOLA) AZ CAPITOL REPORTS AZ LOBBYISTS CAPITOL STORE Arizona Capitol Times ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Social Copyright © 2017 Arizona Capitol Times 1835 W. Adams Street, Phoenix, AZ 85007 (602) 258-7026 x Check Also Ducey’s hand out for fed fix of state roads Unwilling to even consider a gas tax hike, Gov. Doug Ducey is now counting on the Trump administration to help Arizona deal with its road-construction needs. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Articles Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Vodafone New Zealand › Two questions: Strange Public IP and IPv6 on Vodafone Cable in Wellington? MaxLV 437 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 79 Topic # 208982 7-Mar-2017 17:49 First question: I happened to check my public IP on my computers this morning....   One had the correct IP assigned by Vodafone (121.73.xx.xx) but the other computer had this public IP 66.249.82.94. As this is not something I check regularly I have know idea how long it's been that public IP for this computer. A who is lookup shows it as being:   Hostname google-proxy-66-249-82-94.google.com Network AS15169 Google Inc.   City United States Latitude/Longitude 38.0000,-97.0000 Carrier T-Mobile Route 66.249.64.0/19   Another Who is result shows this:   IP Address 66.249.82.94 Hostname: google-proxy-66-249-82-94.google.com   ISP: Google Inc. Connection Speed: -   City: Sydney   Country: Australia   State: New South Wales   Latitude: -33.86785   Longitude: 151.20732   Timezone: UTC +10:00   Local Time: 07 Mar, 2017 02:26 PM   Proxy: No   ZIP Code: 2000   Area Code: 02   IDD Code: 61   Weather Station: Sydney (ASXX0112)   Usage Type: (SES)   Search Engine Spider Domain Name: google.com   Mobile MNC: - Mobile MCC: -   Mobile Brand: -   Elevation: 69 meters   ASN Number: 15169   ASN Name: Google Inc.       Is it something that Vodafone had done?   Both computers go through my D-Link DIR-880 L router, and the router has the 121.73.xx.xx public IP loaded. I never usually turn off my router or Vodafone Cisco modem. but after I had rebooted the router, both computers now show the correct Vodafone assigned public IP address. BTW I have not had any problems with my Internet connection at all with this strange IP address...       Second question:   Is IPv6 available on the Vodafone cable network in central Wellington yet? If so how do I make sure I have IPv6? And how do I set it up/configure it if it is?    I have read all the recent threads in the Geek Zone Vodafone forum and read the Vodafone help pages (not much help) and Vodafone community threads, which appear to say not yet as there are 'still issues with IPv6 on the Cable network according to the last post there. (IOW Coming soon, since sometime in 2015...)   I'm on Vodafone cable in central Wellington, and have one of their Cisco DPC3008 modems plugged into my IPv6 capable router.   When I go to http://test-ipv6.com/ I get the result below:   Your IPv4 address on the public Internet appears to be 66.249.82.113 Proxied, Via: 1.1 Chrome-Compression-Proxy   Your IPv6 address on the public Internet appears to be 2001:4860:4801:4014::4d Proxied, Via: 1.1 Chrome-Compression-Proxy   Your Internet Service Provider (ISP) appears to be GOOGLE - Google Inc., US     Since you have IPv6, we are including a tab that shows how well you can reach other IPv6 sites. [more info]   Your browser has real working IPv6 address - but is avoiding using it. We're concerned about this. [more info]   We have detected that you are using a proxy. This means we are testing your proxy server, not your computer.   Good news! Your current configuration will continue to work as web sites enable IPv6.   IPv6 Connections using DNS work; but literal IP addresses in urls do not. These are rarely used on the web today.   Your DNS server (possibly run by your ISP) appears to have no access to the IPv6 Internet, or is not configured to use it.   This may in the future restrict your ability to reach IPv6-only sites. [more info]   PS: I generally try not to play around with network settings due to my (very) basic understanding of them and the likely hood I'll stuff them up. (and wont be able to fix what I have stuffed up) DarkShadow 964 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 287   Reply # 1732676 7-Mar-2017 18:17 2 people support this post   Chrome-Compression-Proxy   You're using any proxy function in Chrome? djtOtago 139 posts Master Geek +1 received by user: 55   Reply # 1732719 7-Mar-2017 20:00 DarkShadow:     Chrome-Compression-Proxy   You're using any proxy function in Chrome?     Just a bit more of an explanation on what is happening here.   Chrome compression proxy is available in the mobile version of chrome and as an extension for the desktop version.   In laymans terms. When you request a web site the request is sent to Googles proxy server. Googles proxy server then downloads the page you have requested, compress it, then sends it to your browser. This saves you a lot of bandwidth and data as every thing is compressed. Because Googles proxy is making the web request for you, it is its public IP address sites like  http://test-ipv6.com/ will see and report.   There will be a setting somewhere to turn this feature off, I just don't know where it is. But I'm sure a quick google will show you how. MaxLV 437 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 79   Reply # 1732721 7-Mar-2017 20:02 DarkShadow:     Chrome-Compression-Proxy   You're using any proxy function in Chrome?     No. Google Chrome say it is using my computer's system proxy settings to connect to the network. When I go to change proxy settings in chrome, it opens the Windows Internet Properties window, and under the LAN Settings, I haven't ticked (or set up) Use a Proxy Server for your LAN.     DarkShadow 964 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 287   Reply # 1732722 7-Mar-2017 20:08 As per the post above, it might be labelled as data saver or similar. hio77 'That VDSL Cat' 5557 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1005 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1732730 7-Mar-2017 20:28 Check you don't have data saver on, it will cause exactly what your seeing.   Normally this requires a extension for use on the desktop, on mobile devices it will be an option in the menus - Unsure if sync causes this to activate in the backend of things on your PC however.       Can't speak for if v6 is available for you yet, but vodafone are rolling it out.       Test via my VF connection: (ADSL via DHCP auth)   #include <std_disclaimer>   Any comments made are personal opinion and do not reflect directly on the position my current or past employers may have. MaxLV 437 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 79   Reply # 1732749 7-Mar-2017 21:27 djtOtago:   DarkShadow:     Chrome-Compression-Proxy   You're using any proxy function in Chrome?     Just a bit more of an explanation on what is happening here.   Chrome compression proxy is available in the mobile version of chrome and as an extension for the desktop version.   In laymans terms. When you request a web site the request is sent to Googles proxy server. Googles proxy server then downloads the page you have requested, compress it, then sends it to your browser. This saves you a lot of bandwidth and data as every thing is compressed. Because Googles proxy is making the web request for you, it is its public IP address sites like  http://test-ipv6.com/ will see and report.   There will be a setting somewhere to turn this feature off, I just don't know where it is. But I'm sure a quick google will show you how.     Yeah, I've got data saver loaded and active... Thanks for that.      Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices News » Cell broadcast alerting on track for late 2017 Posted 7-Mar-2017 12:38 Journalists too mean to tech companies Posted 5-Mar-2017 08:42 Stats NZ takes lead on open data Posted 4-Mar-2017 18:57 Review: Lenovo ThinkPad E570 Posted 4-Mar-2017 12:08 Volvo XC60 to have new technology to prevent head-on collisions Posted 2-Mar-2017 18:54 OPPO unveils 5x dual-camera zoom for smartphones Posted 2-Mar-2017 18:44 Geekzone Live » Try automatic live updates from Geekzone directly in your browser, without refreshing the page, with Geekzone Live now. Updates » Are you subscribed to our RSS feed? You can download the latest headlines and summaries from our stories directly to your computer or smartphone by using a feed reader. Alternatively, you can receive a daily email with Geekzone updates. RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Geekzone software store Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion Regardileaks scoop: Obama to nationalize Internet gambling Bill Regardie Founder, Regardie's Magazine 8:54 AM 07/30/2010      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 1358469 Two RegardiLeaks sources deep inside the White House have revealed that a secret task force has all but finished final plans for legislation nationalizing internet gambling. The annual income from “the 10% vig,” oops, tax — estimated to be close to $1 trillion by the end of President Barack Obama’s second term — would nearly wipe out the current budget deficit. State and local casino and lottery operations would not affected by the new national legislation. Code named “You Bet Your Ass,” the concept was conceived in a late night drinking and strategy session in May when it seemed obvious to the president’s senior advisors that a second dip of the economy was all but inevitable. As the fifth fifth of Talisker scotch — the current beverage of choice in Washington — was passed around the table, the always mild-mannered chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, slurred the battle cry of the forthcoming campaign: “I’ll give you 10:1 odds that we kick the shit out of those MF’s in 2012.” At that moment, Moshe Peddler, the senior partner of Peddler and Marconi Communications and the president’s outside media maven, felt he had been hit by a thunderbolt. Nevertheless, it took him all night to put the pieces together: that “10:1 odds” phrase, combined with a lifetime of peddling crap, meant federal control and the “taxing” of online gambling. A quick Google search revealed that it was already legal in some major European countries. Internet gambling was coming. The only question was who would control it: the casino operators or Uncle Sam? Today, the Democrats had control of Congress and maybe they could ram it through. After the elections, who knew? Using $200,000 of his company’s political slush funds, Peddler went right to work: grassroots call-ins the next morning to 2,500 radio stations, followed up by in-depth research. That evening, 3,547 land line and cell phone surveys were conducted on two key issues: First, 73% wanted internet gambling; and, second, the public didn’t give a damn who controlled it, as long as they got to play an honest game of Texas Hold? Em. The next morning, Moshe, Rahm and the President sat down for a super secret meeting. Everyone else was banished. Even the secret recording system was shut down. In five minutes, Moshe presented his plan, his research, the preliminary numbers from the budget office and his findings. The chief of staff was so happy he danced on nine fingers. Maybe he would stay the full term after all. The president was another story. Obviously, he’d piss off the religious right and the casino owners. But they were leaning GOP anyway. If Peddler’s numbers were right, he’d come close to wiping out the budget deficit. He figured that plus health care might make him the fifth face on Mt. Rushmore. Peddler read his boss’ face. He was the best closer on the planet, and went in for the kill like Tyson in his prime. “Mr. President, did you know that England and France have already legalized Internet gambling? Denmark has finished its legislation and Germany, Switzerland and Spain are goose-stepping to be next in line. We either try to regulate and tax it, or people are going to go to the offshore operators, where you don’t get any revenue.” The president was sold. “Rahm,” said the now beaming Obama, “alert all the cable and networks for a major address for Sunday at nine. And make sure those budget numbers are right. “Finally, we need a slogan. Something like: Game On.” Bill Regardie was the founder and publisher of Regardie’s Magazine. Tags: Barack Obama, Congress, Denmark, France, Gambling, Germany, Rahm Emanuel, Republican Party, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Washington, Washington, United States, White House Hide Comments   Show 1597 comments Goodbye To the Daily Caller 2:54 PM 01/12/2017 Trumpian Leadership: For The First Time In A Long Time, Republicans Fall In Line 12:59 PM 01/04/2017 Once More, It’s Cool To Depict POTUS Being Killed 8:48 PM 03/06/2017 Your Next TSA Patdown Might Make You Want To Call The Cops 5:54 PM 03/06/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Technology LATEST NEWS Water level in 91 major reservoirs dips to 41 per cent: Centre Sri Lanka orders probe into Indian fisherman's killing Debt ridden companies to provide inbound M&A opportunities: Study PM Modi refused to meet all-party delegation: Pinarayi Vijayan Spirituality in India's strength: PM Narendra Modi Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file six reports of probe panel Kerala to go in for cloud seeding to tackle drought: Pinarayi Vijayan Assets of re-contesting MLAs in UP soar 82% in 5 years: ADR I'm coming to India soon: Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development TechnologySecurity ET Home›Small Biz›Security-Tech›Technology 03:02 PM | 07 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,011-37.07 NIFTY 50 8,950-13.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,890-55.00 USD/INR 66.68-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 turn rangebound; Infy, Tata Steel top losers Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Top tech entrepreneurs invest in pi Ventures By J Vignesh, ET Bureau | Updated: Mar 07, 2017, 09.09 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Zenatix | ten3T | Startups | SIDBI | Pi Ventures | ML | makemytrip "pi Ventures is the first Indian fund to focus exclusively on this new area in which India will have a strategic advantage," he said. Assembly Elections 2017: Is Modi on a road to nowhere in Uttar Pradesh? BENGALURU: India's top technology entrepreneurs are teaming up to back an early-stage venture fund - pi Ventures - that will invest exclusively in startups using artificial intelligence, machine learning and the internet-of-things, at a time when global interest in automation and robotics gains pace and technology majors such as Google and Amazon launch a slew of futuristic initiatives. Flipkart's Binny Bansal, Deep Kalra of MakeMyTrip, Hero Corporate Services' Sunil Munjal and Info Edge's Sanjeev Bikhchandani are among those backing the fund as it raises the first $13 million from a targetted corpus of $30 million. "Artificial intelligence and (its applications) have massive potential in very diverse areas like healthcare, supply chain, agriculture, fintech and commerce," said Bansal, who along with Flipkart cofounder Sachin Bansal has backed diagnostic startup SigTuple - one of the first startups to raise funding from pi Ventures. The new fund has also received capital from the Small Industries Development Bank of India (Sidbi) besides family offices from the USA, Canada, Singapore and India. "The colour of investors will change in the final close. We will get support from larger institutional players, primarily fund-offunds, whose mandate is to invest in funds," said Manish Singhal who teamed up with Umakant Soni to launch pi Ventures in 2016 and expects to complete fund-raising by the end of this year. "We are also looking at corporates (which aim to) invest in funds and large family offices," he said. Pi Ventures is one of the rare early-stage funds opting to focus on this emerging deep-technology segment, whereas venture funds typically diversify their portfolios between consumer internet and software investments. Singhal expects to back ventures that solve problems in healthcare, logistics, retail, fin-tech and enterprise sectors using AI, ML and IoT. "The current technological disruption is being caused globally by automation led by artificial intelligence and machine learning. Industry 4.0 also depends a lot on artificial intelligence and machine learning," said Mohandas Pai, partner of Aarin Capital who is also an investor in the new fund. "pi Ventures is the first Indian fund to focus exclusively on this new area in which India will have a strategic advantage," he said. The Bengaluru-based fund will invest in 18-20 startups over the next three to four years. It has made a beginning by backing two healthcare startups - SigTuple and Ten3T - and one in the energy-efficiency space - Zenatix. SigTuple, which has also raised investment from Accel Partners and IDG Ventures India, is creating a cloud-based solution to detect abnormalities and trends in medical data, for blood diagnosis. Zenatix is a data-driven energy efficiency company that uses advanced machine learning to deliver 10-30% energy efficiency for companies along with predictive insights to prevent downturn. Ten3T helps monitor medical data, like ECG, in real time, through smart patches to enable mobile ICU for smaller hospitals. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB 7 superhit movies you won't believe Hritik Roshan rejected! CRITICSUNION 20 Most followed instagram accounts (2017) SocialDaft! 8-year-old Mohit won't survive without help! MilaapMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Corporate & Industry Iraq welcomes removal from revised US travel ban Day in Pics READ MORE ON » Zenatix | ten3T | Startups | SIDBI | Pi Ventures | ML | makemytrip To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented GSTN may steal thunder from GST-app makers Startups to see modest pay hikes this year SpaceX's Moon Mission should be NASA's wake-up call From a plethora of incentives, cab aggregator services have thrown drivers off track Electric vehicle sales to get a boost amid pollution and energy security concerns More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters E-books Should Indie Authors Publish Exclusively With Amazon or Not? A new report from Author Earnings doesn't completely answer the question, but it will help writers decide By Brady Dale • 03/06/17 11:38pm This is Barnes & Noble’s Nook. It probably won’t matter for a whole lot longer. Spencer Platt/Getty Images We have been closely following the ascent of indie publishing superstars here at the Observer. They aren’t yet driving the conversation at the New York Review of Books yet, but these writers do have their hands on the wheel of the actual economy of writing fiction. Lately, the best source of information on what’s going on in this new market is the website Author Earnings. It’s a joint venture between one of the most successful indie authors, Hugh Howey (whom we have talked to at length) and his collaborator, Data Guy, an anonymous number cruncher who devised the methodology for answering the questions Amazon won’t. Author Earnings just released a new report, and this one goes beyond Jeff Bezos’ baby, estimating total e-book sales at Apple, Google, Kobo and Barnes & Noble as well. We recently covered Data Guy’s report on the still growing market for e-books, despite wide media reports to the contrary. Thanks to this report’s wide view, Author Earnings is able to provide substantive guidance on whether or not indie authors should make titles available exclusively on Amazon or if they should go wide and sell them via every possible retailer. Books sold only through Amazon get invited to join the Kindle Unlimited program, the company’s Netflix for e-books. In fact, Amazon pays authors in that program more money than non-exclusive authors earn in all the other channels combined, the report explains. But it’s not quite that simple. The report also says: “’Wide’ authors who are able to effectively take advantage of promotional opportunities at other retailers often see far more than the a quarter of their sales coming through non-Amazon channels; some high profile indies are doing so well at other retailers that Amazon now represents less than half of their sales.” The further points out that the Amazon market can be fickle. Indie books’ market share there took a nose dive through part of last year, though they have also largely recovered. Other sources of revenue can smooth overall income streams. Sci-fi scribe Howey told us that he experimented with both wide release and exclusivity, finding he made far more money and reached far more people by gaining access to the Kindle Unlimited audience. While romance superstar Marie Force told us that she would never close a road by which a new reader could find her work. The two stances illustrate the question facing every indie author. Amazon is by far the largest market for e-books and, if it Kindle Unlimited were its own company, it would be the third largest e-book seller. “To completely ignore a retail channel of that size makes zero sense,” the report contends. On the other hand, writers without a following may feel they can ill afford skipping any market. There’s more than enough money changing hands on any of the major channels to afford any writer a very good living if they can only attain a small piece of any one. Author Earnings muddies the waters by noting that “if a title appeals to Canadian or Australian audiences, it will be unavailable in the retailer channels where almost half of those countries’ e-book purchases occur.” Author Earnings ultimately settles on a recommendation that can only work for writers who have more than a few books out: Put some into Kindle Unlimited and go wide with others. When an author blows up on one channel, readers who like the book that becomes popular often want to go back and read the rest, as another popular sci-fi writer, Christopher Nuttall, explained for us. But if a book becomes popular in Apple’s iBooks, readers won’t be able to buy the writer’s Kindle Unlimited books there. On the other hand, Amazon only requires exclusivity in three month increments. So a writer could wait for that window to end, then add the books they held back to the other pools once they can. Even if they lose money in the short term by leaving the Kindle Unlimited pool, it could be worth it in the long run to solidify new fans. If it’s your first book: flip a coin. The report provides a number of interesting insights about the market for e-books across the English speaking world. For example, while Amazon dominates all of these markets, Kobo is putting up a respectable fight for the $136 million spent on e-books in Canada, and Apple is making a strong showing for the $126 million market in Australia (the US e-book market represents more than $3.2 billion). Be sure to have a look at the report itself for other insights. Author Earnings derives its data by scraping the sales ranking data off of various e-book retailers sites and correlating that with final sales data shared with those that run Author Earnings. These two pools of information allow it to derive estimates for all e-books sold. More on its methodology can be seen here. Up Next‘Girls’ Recap 6×04: Painful Evacuation Article continues below More from Culture ‘Girls’ Recap 6×04: Painful Evacuation Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Up Next‘Girls’ Recap 6×04: Painful Evacuation Observer Politics Arts & Entertainment Style & Design Business & Technology Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Facebook Doesn't Understand German, at Least Not in Court by Karin Matussek @kmatussek More stories by Karin Matussek March 6, 2017, 11:00 PM EST Lawyers say company uses procedural tactics to delay lawsuits German hate-speech case by Syrian refugee highlights obstacles A German lawsuit over a photo showing a Syrian refugee with Chancellor Angela Merkel has put Facebook Inc.’s hate-speech policies under scrutiny. But the high-profile case has also shed light on complaints that the company tries to avoid and delay lawsuits in the country. Chan-jo Jun, a lawyer for the Syrian refugee suing in Wuerzburg to stop Facebook using the picture, is one of a number of attorneys that says the company aggressively relies on procedural tactics to stay out of German courtrooms. He said Facebook routinely failed to reply to emails sent to its European headquarters in Dublin or even its German lawyers. "It was only because of the media attention in this case that Facebook finally decided to send lawyers to Wuerzburg," Jun said of the case, where a verdict is scheduled for Tuesday. "They wanted to get access to the files." The jurisdictional fights are taking place against a backdrop of wider efforts to crack down on hate speech in Germany, where offensive online posts soared as the country took in more than one million refugees since the start of 2015. The Wuerzburg suit was brought by 19-year-old Anas Modamani after a selfie he took with Merkel was posted on numerous Facebook pages with libelous statements, including claims he took part in terror attacks. Modamani wants Facebook to block any future postings of the picture. Hate Speech Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up In December 2015, Facebook, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Twitter Inc. agreed to remove posts that contain hate speech within 24 hours. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas has said the companies often fail to meet this target and lawmakers are pondering tougher legislation. State justice ministers are pressing to include rules requiring Internet companies to allow service of suits at a German address. Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive officer, said in a speech in Berlin last year his company needs to do more to combat hate speech. "I think we will continue needing to do a better and better job," he said.  One of the most common complaints from Jun and other lawyers involves attempts to notify Facebook about the lawsuit, known as service of process. Facebook’s European headquarters is in Ireland and the German court needs to send lawsuits there unless Facebook allows it to be sent to another address in Germany. News Coverage  If the Wuerzburg court had to rely solely on sending the complaint to Ireland, the case could have been delayed for a year, a judge said at a hearing last month. Two Hamburg lawyers contacted the court on behalf of Facebook only after the lawsuit garnered widespread news coverage. "Until this day, we didn’t get any confirmation our attempt to serve the suit in Ireland went anywhere," Presiding Judge Volkmar Seipel said at the hearing. "I’m not sure we would have been able to make service in Ireland happen this year at all." Robert Ardelt, a German spokesman for Facebook, declined to comment. Lawyers like Jun say one way for Facebook to show it’s willing to improve would be to make German lawsuits easier by allowing courts to send complaints to their local units. But even if the notification obstacle is overcome, lawyers may confront additional hurdles. Local Language In a Berlin case filed by a student whose account was shut without explanation, Facebook told the court it doesn’t speak German and needed an English-language text. Translating the complaint would have cost 500 euros ($530), a lot for a student, the plaintiff’s lawyer Franz Wegener says. "It’s hardly credible that Facebook, which has millions of German users and offers a German website with terms and service communication in German, isn’t able to read court filings in that language," Wegener says. Facebook isn’t the only U.S. company that has tested the patience of German lawyers. In 2014, Google was sued by a group of German publishers over snippets the search engine uses from their products. After the complaint was served in the U.S., German law firm Hengeler Mueller appeared for the search engine in a Berlin court. In a second suit filed a year later over the same issue, the court asked Hengeler Mueller to accept service. The lawyers declined, so the court had to use the formal service process that requires translations via a central authority in the U.S. and takes more time. Ultimately, the same Hengeler lawyers appeared in that case, too. Jun, however, said that Google has done a better job handling complaints from consumers and ordinary citizens, as opposed to the corporate litigation like the two Berlin cases. Civil Process Kay Oberbeck, a spokesman for the Google in Germany, said that the Mountain View, California-based company follows the “standard German civil process” when sued in the country. “We communicate with our users in their local language and we provide templates in their local language in case users want to address any concerns," he said. None of the tactics are illegal, U.S. companies are simply invoking rules on international judicial proceedings, says Christoph Thole, a professor of civil procedure at Cologne University. The rules aim to protect defendants sued in another country. "But insisting on these rights is sometimes also part of a lawyer’s bag of tricks," Thole says. "If a lot is at stake, you try to make it as troublesome as possible for the other side." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Mobbo Reveals Which Ad Networks Perform Best for Mobile App Marketers Tel-Aviv, Israel — (SBWIRE) — 03/06/2017 — Mobbo has sifted through the technology stack of 3.1 million apps, analyzing over 1,000 SDK components to calculate the Mobile Advertising Power Index, which reveals the key players in the mobile advertising market. As with preceding editions, The Mobbo Power Index offers app publishers and marketers insightful benchmarks of mobile app SDK components, helping them to make informed decisions about the best technology stacks. The new report sheds light on the scale and performance of popular SDK components and tracks the movers and shakers in the mobile industry. The Index offers a global look at the best performing mobile media sources, covering: – Operating systems (Android and iOS) – Regions: North America; Asia-Pacific (APAC); Europe; Latin America – Measurement of Scale, Retention, Quality and Growth. „We’re excited to release the latest edition of The Mobbo Power Index,” said Ofir Krisspel, CEO of Mobbo. „To improve and ultimately perfect an app, developers need to select the right SDKs – Software Development Kits. However, in today’s marketplace app developers are literally inundated with SDK choices, making it difficult to choose the best ones. As the leading SDK intelligence data provider, we are in a unique position to offer an in-depth look with valuable information for app marketers in their quest to pinpoint the best SDKs to integrate with, as well as for service providers in the mobile app economy who want to understand the competitive landscape in their field. The new Index reveals industry changes and new players in the always-evolving app landscape.” A few key findings from the latest edition of the research include: – 78% of „Top Overall” ranked apps on Android and 55% on iOS, have implemented at least one In App Advertising SDK, which seems to become a must-have component of any mobile app monetization stack. – Android apps are more aggressive with ads, 63.4% of Android apps (non-games) contain ads, versus 25.4% on iOS, over X2.5 difference. – Google Continues to dominate: Admob (by Google) maintains its position as the top in app advertising SDK in Q4 2016 and dominates with 83% Share Of Voice on Android, and 78% share, on iOS globally, followed by Chartboost with 25% and 35%, and Facebook with 24% and 6.5%, respectively. – Chartboost and Applovin Scale on gaming apps, While Admob share is slowly declining in that category. – Facebook scales in non-game mobile Apps second only to Admob by Google, and is likely to become a serious rival, with an impressive growth rate. – Cheetah Mobile leads the Growth rate chart with a whopping 122.72% Growth during Q4, delivering unrivaled scale and impressive retention on Android, followed by Avocarrot with 81.96% and Supersonic (by Ironsource) with 79.45%. About Mobbo Mobbo measures the mobile world and offers powerful data driven market research tools, providing insights to help publishers, investors, marketers and analysts across the world make more informed decisions, and succeed in the global app economy. For more information and to download The Mobbo Power Index, go to: https://mobbo.com/whitepaper-monetization/ Contact: Ofir Krisspel Company: Mobbo Phone: 0523958896 Email: 147934@email4pr.com Website: https://www.mobbo.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsEconomy, Industry, intelligence, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Valmont Board Declares Quarterly Dividend Next PostNext The North West Company Inc. – Résultats du quatrième trimestre et conférence téléphonique Search Recent Posts Delpor Announces Issuance of US Patent Covering its Novel Implantable Device for the Long-Term Delivery of Antipsychotics and other Drugs BearingPoint Wins “Best Regulatory Reporting Solution” at the InsuranceERM Awards BearingPoint Wins “Best Regulatory Reporting Solution” at the InsuranceERM Awards Samenvatting: OT levert volledig eSIM-systeem af voor Windows 10 en transformeert connectiviteit laptops en notebooks BearingPoint Wins “Best Regulatory Reporting Solution” at the InsuranceERM Awards Proudly powered by WordPress
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Others Others News Trump's New Travel Ban Raises the Same Silicon Valley Objections  Todd C. Frankel, Tracy Jan, The Washington Post, 07 March 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Tech companies were among the loudest critics of Trump's travel ban The top H-1B visa sponsor last year was Infosys Trump said last week he wanted to move toward a "merit based" visa system President Donald Trump signed a new, seemingly softened travel ban Monday, but the reaction from Silicon Valley sounded very much the same. "Our sentiment has not changed: President Trump's immigration ban is unjust and wrong," Uber, the ride-hailing company, said in a statement. "Barring people from entering our country because of where they're from was wrong the first time around - still wrong..." tweeted Airbnb chief executive Brian Chesky. A month ago, technology companies were among the loudest critics of Trump's initial travel ban, which immediately imposed restrictions on visas for visitors from seven countries. A national uproar followed. More than 100 tech companies - including Apple, Google and Microsoft - signed onto a court brief supporting one of the several court cases filed against the ban. Trump's new travel ban is aimed at avoiding these legal challenges. It imposes a 90-day ban on new visas for citizens from six Muslim-majority countries. It is scheduled to take effect in 10 days. But Silicon Valley's core objections were not assuaged by the new language. "I think we're going to see the same fight," said Neil Ruiz of George Washington University's Center for Law, Economics, and Finance. "And for employers, a lot of uncertainty." Adding to tech companies' worries, the Trump administration announced Friday that it would temporarily stop allowing expedited applications for H-1B visas - a change that is seen as a prelude to a broader overhaul of a visa system widely used by tech companies to hire foreign workers. The visa program has been criticized by both Republicans and Democrats as a way for companies to hire cheaper foreign workers, displacing American ones. In December, Trump said one of his first executive orders would be to order an investigation into visa abuses. That executive order still has not been signed. The US Citizenship and Immigration Services (UCIS) said it will stop "premium processing" beginning April 3 for up to six months. The faster handling cut wait times for H-1B visas from a few months to as little as 15 days. The agency said the change was needed to handle a significant surge in "premium processing" requests in recent years and to allow more time to address older visa requests. These two actions by Trump's administration have stirred a high level of anxiety among chief executives and their workers, said Ali Noorani, executive director of the National Immigration Forum, a DC-based lobby group. "Frankly there is just a lack of stability within our economy right now because of these actions," Noorani said. The Trump administration, he said, is "making it pretty clear to the nation's companies that depend upon immigration that we are going to close the American economy off from the world - either by action or by tone." He said the full range of Trump's immigration-related orders will undermine how companies grow in the US, and impact whether companies see the US as a place they want to conduct business. The industries affected by Trump's broad rhetoric and actions include tech, health care, higher education and agriculture. Idaho dairy producers, for example, depend heavily upon immigrant workers to milk half a million cows each day, Noorani said. An increasing number of workers there are refugees. "How is a dairy farmer in Idaho going to operate in this environment?" But some scholars studying immigrant visas and the American workforce believe the impact of the H-1B visa decision is being overblown. The government had previously suspended premium processing for two months in 2015 when spouses of certain visa holders became eligible to work and their applications needed to be processed in a timely manner, said Ron Hira, a public policy professor at Howard University specializing in high-skill immigration and the American engineering workforce. "There have been a lot of complaints over the years that USCIS isn't properly checking credentials," said Hira, whose book "Outsourcing America," examines the economic and policy implications of the offshoring of high-skilled jobs. "Stories of fake resumes have been increasing over the last few years." Hira also said that Trump's renewed ban impacts a very small number of H-1B visa applicants from those countries. The countries affected by Trump's ban account for less than half a percent of H-1B visas approved in 2013, he said. The top H-1B visa sponsor last year was Infosys, an Indian multinational corporation providing information technology and outsourcing services. It filed 25,405 applications, according to Myvisajobs.com. An Infosys spokesman said Monday the company is not commenting on Trump's executive order. Trump said during his joint address to Congress last week that he wanted to move toward a "merit based" visa system. He has said he wants to investigate whether the current visa system is hurting American workers. Lynden Melmed, an immigration attorney who had served as UCIS chief counsel within the Department of Homeland Security under President George W. Bush, said eliminating expedited processing could bring major disruption for workers and companies. Applicants are barred from traveling while a change in visa status is pending, so an increase in processing time could prevent foreign graduates of US universities from leaving the country or be stuck outside while they are waiting for approval, Melmed said. "They are taking away the escape hatch for people who can't wait for regular processing times," said Melmed, who also serves as executive counsel for Compete America, a coalition of mostly tech companies advocating for immigration reform to benefit high-skilled foreign workers. Employers will be watching the clock closely. Current regulation grants workers whose H-1B visa status is set to expire an automatic eight-month extension. Without expedited processing, those employees will not be allowed to work if their new H-1B visa is not granted within those eight months. "The time frame for when an employee can start or whether they can continue working is now taken out of the company's hands and subject entirely to government processing times," Melmed said. © 2017 The Washington Post Tags: Donald Trump, Trump Immigration Ban, Travel Ban, Silicon Valley, H 1B Visa Google Vows Fix for 'Inappropriate' Featured Snippet Search Results on Google Home TRAI Takes Measures to Provide Fair Deal to TV Channel Subscribers Trump's New Travel Ban Raises the Same Silicon Valley Objections     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest iVoomi iV505 Swipe Elite Sense Intex Aqua Strong 5.1+ Panasonic Eluga Pulse X Panasonic Eluga Pulse Samsung Galaxy Xcover 4 Zopo Flash X Plus General Mobile GM 6 Xiaomi Redmi 4X Xiaomi Mi 5c ZTE Nubia N1 lite ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini Gionee A1 Alcatel U5 Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A3 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto M Oppo A57 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Honor 6X Gadgets 360 Hindi रिलायंस जियो नंबर को 31 मार्च से पहले या बाद में बंद करने का तरीका टेलीकॉम कंपनियों ने किया है अब 300 रुपये का धमाका आईफोन 7, आईफोन 7 प्लस पर 10,001 रुपये तक की छूट Latest Videos 02:43 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy A5, Galaxy A7 (2017) Launched, Nexflix on Set-Top Boxes, and More 01:41 'Notes Ban Did Impact Small Businesses': MobiKwik CEO To NDTV 03:55 Nintendo Switch, Legend of Zelda, Ghost Recon Wildlands, and Other Games Coming in March 2017 06:06 PS4, PS4 Slim, or PS4 Pro: Which PlayStation 4 is Right for You? 02:02 360 Daily: Reliance Jio's Buy One Get One Offer, Google Pixel 2 Releasing This Year, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe Streaming Devices Still Leave a Lot to Be Desired Kunal Dua Nokia 3310: What's in a Name? As It Turns Out, Everything Rohan Naravane Why Apple Is the Only Manufacturer That Actually Has a 'Flagship' Phone Advertisement Recent Google Increases Reward Amounts for Researchers Reporting Critical Bugs China's iVoomi Comes to India With 4G VoLTE Smartphone Nexus, Pixel Devices Start Receiving March Android Security Update 6GB of RAM Not Really Required in Smartphones, Says Huawei Executive Nokia 3310 Gold, Titanium Variant Costs More Than Rs. 1 Lakh WD My Cloud Devices Reportedly Vulnerable to Remote Attacks Nintendo Switch Breaks Sales Records in the Americas Lenovo K6 Power Available With Discount, Exchange Offer on Flipkart Reliance Cap Sells Paytm Stake to Alibaba at Over $4 Billion Valuation Snapdeal's Vulcan Logistics Network to Expand to 80 Major Cities More News TRENDING Reliance Jio Free Services End March 31. Opting Out vs. Staying In iPhone 6 32GB Space Grey Variant Goes on Sale in India via Amazon Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea: The ‘Unlimited Data’ Offers Samsung Galaxy S8 Leaked in New Images, Show the Flagship From All Angles Reliance Jio Prime vs Non-Prime Plans: What the Customer Gets iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Available With Discounts on Amazon India Nokia 3310 Gold, Titanium Variant Costs More Than Rs. 1 Lakh Netflix Comes to Set-Top Boxes in India Uber and Its CEO Feel Mounting Pressure After Missteps Lenovo K6 Power Available With Discount, Exchange Offer on Flipkart Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google rolls out March Android security update for Pixel and Nexus devices Google has started rolling out new over-the-air (OTA) update for Pixel and Nexus devices and also posted factory images as part of monthly Android Security release. The latest update this month fixes several critical issues, including issues in Remote code execution vulnerability in Mediaserver and recovery verifier, and Remote code execution vulnerability in OpenSSL & BoringSSL and more. New builds for the Nexus devices with March 2017 Android Security update: Pixel (NOF27B) Pixel XL (NOF27B) Nexus 6P (N4F26T) Nexus 5X (N4F26T) Nexus 6 (N6F26U) Nexus 9 LTE (N4F26T) Nexus 9 Wi-Fi (N4F26T) Pixel C (N4F26T) Check out the complete set of issues that are fixed in the latest update in the Android Security Bulletin here and download images for these Nexus devices from the Google Developers website here, if you don’t have the over-the-air (OTA) update yet. Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on March 7, 2017Categories Android, Google, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Today’s smartphones are as powerful as computers ! Does your microSD card match up your performance hungry smartphone? Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy S8 release moved to April 28 Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Play celebrates its 5th birthday: Here are top 5 most installed apps and games Google Translate now uses neural machine translation for Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese LG confirms Android 7.0 Nougat update for V10 and G4 but it will roll out only in Q2 and Q3 2017 respectively ZTE Blade A2 Plus Review Samsung Galaxy S8 release moved to April 28 Google rolls out March Android security update for Pixel and Nexus devices Today’s smartphones are as powerful as computers ! Does your microSD card match up your performance hungry smartphone? Fitbit Alta HR with continuous heart rate tracking announced for Rs. 14999 Facebook is testing ‘Dislike’ button and reactions for Messenger India Mobile Congress to kick-start in September, Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 2017 launched and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Tuesday March 7th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Digital News Initiative Innovation Fund: Call for third round applications By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  March 7, 2017  /  Comments Off on Digital News Initiative Innovation Fund: Call for third round applications       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Here’s a quick reminder of how the Fund works: Projects We’re looking for projects that demonstrate new thinking in the practice of digital journalism; that support the development of new business models, or maybe even change the way users consume digital news. Projects can be highly experimental, but must have well-defined goals and have a significant digital component. There is absolutely no requirement to use any Google products. Successful projects will show innovation and have a positive impact on the production of original digital journalism and on the long-term sustainability of the news business. Eligibility The Fund is open to established publishers, online-only players, news start-ups, collaborative partnerships and individuals based in the EU and EFTA countries. Funding There are three categories of funding available: Prototype projects: open to organisations – and to individuals – that meet the eligibility criteria, and require up to €50k of funding. These projects should be very early stage, with ideas yet to be designed and assumptions yet to be tested. We will fast-track such projects and will fund 100% of the total cost. Medium projects: open to organisations that meet the eligibility criteria and require up to €300k of funding. We will accept funding requests up to 70% of the total cost of the project. Large projects: open to organisations that meet the eligibility criteria and require more than €300k of funding. We will accept funding requests up to 70% of the total cost of the project. Funding is capped at €1 million. Exceptions to the €1 million cap are possible for large projects that are collaborative (e.g., international, sector-wide, involving multiple organisations) or that significantly benefit the broad news ecosystem. How to apply Visit the new Digital News Initiative website for full details, including eligibility criteria, terms and conditions, and application forms. Applications must be made in English and the submission deadline for the first round of funding is 20th April, 2017. Governance We’ve consulted widely to ensure that the Fund has inclusive and transparent application and selection processes. Confidentiality is critical; applicants should not share business-sensitive or highly confidential information. Full details can be found on the DNI website. Initial selection of projects will be done by a Project team, composed of a mix of experienced industry figures and Google staff, who will review all applications for eligibility, innovation and impact. They’ll make recommendations on funding for Prototype and Medium projects to the Fund’s Council, which will have oversight of the Fund’s selection process. The Council will vote on Large projects. Council members: Alexander Asseily, Founder & CEO of State, Founder of Jawbone Miriam Meckel, Editor-in-Chief of WirtschaftsWoche Arianna Ciccone, Co-Founder and Director of the Perugia International Journalism Festival Bartosz Hojka, CEO of Agora S.A. Veit Dengler, CEO, Neue Zürcher Zeitung Rosalia Lloret, Head of Institutional Relations, Online Publishers’ Association Europe Bruno Patino, Dean of Sciences-Po Journalism School Murdoch MacLennan, CEO of the Telegraph Media Group Bart Brouwers, Professor in Journalism at Groningen University Madhav Chinnappa, Director of Strategic Relations, News and Publishers, Google Torsten Schuppe, Director of Marketing EMEA, Google Ronan Harris, Vice President, Google We will announce the next recipients of these awards before the start of the summer holidays. We look forward to receiving your https://digitalnewsinitiative.com/dni-fund/apply-for-fundingapplications!     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on March 7, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: March 7, 2017 @ 2:41 pm Filed Under: Business, Commerce, Computer Technologies, Economics, English, Europe, Global Economy, Google, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → Readout of Secretary Mattis' Call with Japan Minister of Defense Tomomi Inada ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE New music mentoring program to shine spotlight on female vocalists About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts 07/08:24 WST Severe Weather Warning 1 (WA) Happiness is a sandy beach Block Party Block Party Safer together at work in Lorne community © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Coverage of Disruptive Science and Technology Forum About Contact Facebook twitter Google March 04, 2017 Hottest areas in Artificial Intelligence artificial intelligence, business, commercialization, economic impact, future Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit IDC sees widespread adoption of cognitive systems and artificial intelligence (AI) across a broad range of industries will drive worldwide revenues from nearly $8.0 billion in 2016 to more than $47 billion in 2020. According to a new Worldwide Semiannual Cognitive/Artificial Intelligence Systems Spending Guide from International Data Corporation (IDC), the market for cognitive/AI solutions will experience a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 55.1% over the 2016-2020 forecast period. "Near-term opportunities for cognitive systems are in industries such as banking, securities and investments, and manufacturing," said Jessica Goepfert, program director, Customer Insights and Analysis at IDC. "In these segments, we find a wealth of unstructured data, a desire to harness insights from this information, and an openness to innovative technologies. Furthermore, the value proposition of cognitive systems aligns well with industry executives' chief priorities. For instance, cognitive technologies are being used in the banking industry to detect and combat fraud – consistently a top industry pain point. Meanwhile, in manufacturing, executives cite improving product quality as a top initiative. In this case, cognitive systems recognize and know how to respond to dynamic fluctuations in product specs by adapting the production to stay within quality targets." The industries that will invest the most in cognitive/AI systems in 2016 are banking and retail, followed by healthcare and discrete manufacturing. Combined, these four industries will generate more than half of all worldwide cognitive/AI revenues in 2016, with banking and retail each delivering nearly $1.5 billion. Healthcare and discrete manufacturing will deliver the greatest revenue growth over the 2016-2020 forecast period, with CAGRs of 69.3% and 61.4%, respectively. Education and process manufacturing will also experience significant growth over the forecast period. Nearly half of all cognitive/AI revenue throughout the forecast will go to software, which includes both cognitive applications (i.e., text and rich media analytics, tagging, searching, machine learning, categorization, clustering, hypothesis generation, question answering, visualization, filtering, alerting, and navigation) and cognitive software platforms, which facilitate the development of intelligent, advisory, and cognitively enabled solutions. As both the largest and fastest-growing category, cognitive applications spending is forecast to reach $18.2 billion in 2020. Cognitive/AI-related services (business services and IT consulting) represent the second largest revenue category while hardware revenues (primarily from dedicated purchases of servers and storage) will grow nearly as fast as software with five-year CAGRs of more than 60%. Hottest AI technologies: 1. Natural Language Generation: Producing text from computer data. Currently used in customer service, report generation, and summarizing business intelligence insights. Sample vendors: Attivio, Automated Insights, Cambridge Semantics, Digital Reasoning, Lucidworks, Narrative Science, SAS, Yseop. 2. Speech Recognition: Transcribe and transform human speech into format useful for computer applications. Currently used in interactive voice response systems and mobile applications. Sample vendors: NICE, Nuance Communications, OpenText, Verint Systems. 3. Virtual Agents: “The current darling of the media,” says Forrester (like Amazon Alexa), from simple chatbots to advanced systems that can network with humans. Currently used in customer service and support and as a smart home manager. Sample vendors: Amazon, Apple, Artificial Solutions, Assist AI, Creative Virtual, Google, IBM, IPsoft, Microsoft, Satisfi. 4. Machine Learning Platforms: Providing algorithms, APIs, development and training toolkits, data, as well as computing power to design, train, and deploy models into applications, processes, and other machines. Currently used in a wide range of enterprise applications, mostly `involving prediction or classification. Sample vendors: Amazon, Fractal Analytics, Google, H2O.ai, Microsoft, SAS, Skytree. 5. AI-optimized Hardware: Graphics processing units (GPU) and appliances specifically designed and architected to efficiently run AI-oriented computational jobs. Currently primarily making a difference in deep learning applications. Sample vendors: Alluviate, Cray, Google, IBM, Intel, Nvidia. 6. Decision Management: Engines that insert rules and logic into AI systems and used for initial setup/training and ongoing maintenance and tuning. 7. Deep Learning Platforms: Currently primarily used in pattern recognition and classification applications supported by very large data sets. Sample vendors: Deep Instinct, Ersatz Labs, Fluid AI, MathWorks, Peltarion, Saffron Technology, Sentient Technologies. Deep Instinct is the first to apply deep learning to cybersecurity. They claim superior zero day attack production for endpoints and mobile devices. Mumbai-based Fluid AI was founded in 2008, by two brothers Abhinav Aggarwal and Raghav Aggarwal, with a belief that the power of artificial intelligence can be used across industries, sectors and use cases. They have about a staff of 50 now. Fluid AI offers machine learning driven decision making for various business operations, and on the other it is creating virtual customer assistance for firms with a physical presence. AI Driven Operational Decision Making “The AI technology uses genetically evolving neural networks to create over 100,000 iterative models from the data sources given to us by the clients. It studies the data pattern which arises from the model evolves accordingly and improves feedbacks whenever the market conditions change.” says Abhinav. The company offers a Plug and Play artificial intelligence system, which can be installed in any system. It connects to hundreds of data sources within and outside the server and gives the suggestions based on the previously collected data. 8. Biometrics 9. Robotic Process Automation: Using scripts and other methods to automate human action to support efficient business processes. Currently used where it’s too expensive or inefficient for humans to execute a task or a process. Sample vendors: Advanced Systems Concepts, Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, UiPath, WorkFusion. 10. Text Analytics and NLP: Author: brian wang on 3/04/2017 Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit Newer Post Older Post Home Форма для связи Name Email * Message * Archive ▼  2017 (429) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (13) ▼  02/26 - 03/05 (65) Claimed solid metallic hydrogen sample was lost Hottest areas in Artificial Intelligence Plans for a new US super tank with an electrotherm... Total global satellite plans could have around 20,... China will raise defense budget by about 7% in 201... Joe Flanigan tried to buy the Stargate franchise Star Trek Axanar update and Chasing the Infinite S... Video of Jeff Bezos describing his space plans Bezos’s plan to set up Amazon-like delivery for ‘f... Bigelow Aerospace offers plan for an expandable sp... MIT makes new form of matter which is a crystallin... Military Industrial complex pushing for more than ... 4 Megawatt modular micro nuclear reactor is in Can... Labor participation dropping in US and Sweden but ... 2 megabytes encoded in DNA at density of 215 petab... AC-130 combat laser tests might start by the end o... Lithium-Ion Battery Inventor Introduces New Techno... Shaped femtosecond laser pulses might be able to i... Full scale models have been made of the fifth gene... Supercritical nuclear reactor designs from Russia Russia's first new VVER-1200 reactor is officially... Sweden re-activates military draft over concerns a... China will complete five nuclear reactors in 2017 ... The Upside of Geopolitical Unpredictability and un... Gene Therapy cures sickle cell in teenage boy Russia has drone delivered by rocket launcher for ... How fast and impactful will artificial intelligenc... Inductive heating of Magnetic Nanoparticles enable... Computing exponentially faster using DNA LINE announces the AI ​​based "Clova" IBM and Warwick Image Highly Reactive Triangular M... More rigid molecular magnets could boost hard driv... Contoured 180 watt Solar roof for electric and hyb... China also working to add hypersonic warheads to s... NASA Wind Tunnel Tests Lockheed Martin’s X-Plane D... China has new infantry fighting vehicle RRAM/PCM-Based Brain-Gates China's New economy is about 30% of the overall ec... Could robotics enable a complete or near complete ... Pentagon needs to create an independent orbital mi... Boston Dynamics making a new walking, jumping and ... Costs for orbital space tourism have gone up from ... US Army continuing de-modernization and sticking w... China now fears underpopulation and is considering... Google lawsuit against Uber could mean multi-billi... Softbank used Tech Singularity as marketing pitch ... Optomechanical Microwave Quantum Illumination in W... Large scale 1000 mile quantum networks less diffic... More technical details about China's Quantum Radar... 12 layers of kevlar in bullet proof origami shield... Spacex will fly private citizens on lunar orbiting... Trump proposing to shift about $54 billion from St... Japanese Billionaire is creating a $100 billion in... Unique Mobile users will pass 5 billon this year a... South Korea developed K2 Panther Tank from Abrams ... Metamaterial that bends, shapes and focuses sound ... Superconductivity in a chiral nanotube Nuclear Energy Weekly News 349 Budget and tax plan details expected on Tuesday in... Tesla expects 110,000 model 3s in 2017 and over 26... Carnival of Space 498 Bioprinter makes fully functional human skin Big permanent moonbase by 2021 using Spacex and Bi... Unfortunately Game Over for Actor Bill Paxton who ... Does child survival make for smaller family sizes?... ►  02/19 - 02/26 (53) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (31) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (43) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (44) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (36) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (46) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (49) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (49) ►  2016 (2297) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (34) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (50) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (54) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (50) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (53) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (37) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (55) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (60) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (64) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (52) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (60) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (42) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (48) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (49) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (58) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (34) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (44) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (73) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (59) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (55) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (35) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (43) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (65) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (65) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (61) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (46) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (58) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (58) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (50) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (42) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (37) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (37) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (35) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (36) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (28) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (33) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (29) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (53) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (20) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (40) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (23) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (32) ►  02/28 - 03/06 (27) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (26) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (37) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (42) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (32) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (28) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (36) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (33) ►  2015 (1921) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (51) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (33) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (26) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (37) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (38) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (49) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (33) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (40) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (43) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (48) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (40) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (42) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (39) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (28) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (38) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (31) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (38) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (41) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (42) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (41) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (39) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (35) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (35) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (42) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (43) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (46) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (21) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (42) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (29) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (29) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (33) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (51) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (44) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (28) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (34) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (33) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (32) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (24) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (34) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (28) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (42) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (38) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (33) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (28) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (36) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (25) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (34) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (49) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (45) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (43) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (43) ►  2014 (1818) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (27) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (32) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (39) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (46) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (44) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (21) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (42) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (40) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (35) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (49) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (37) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (38) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (34) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (37) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (37) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (39) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (34) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (34) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (30) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (44) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (44) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (34) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (34) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (23) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (21) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (37) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (17) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (38) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (32) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (34) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (43) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (32) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (34) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (34) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (28) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (30) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (40) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (32) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (41) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (41) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (18) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (32) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (32) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (35) ►  02/23 - 03/02 (32) ►  02/16 - 02/23 (26) ►  02/09 - 02/16 (36) ►  02/02 - 02/09 (29) ►  01/26 - 02/02 (35) ►  01/19 - 01/26 (43) ►  01/12 - 01/19 (46) ►  01/05 - 01/12 (46) ►  2013 (2117) ►  12/29 - 01/05 (50) ►  12/22 - 12/29 (31) ►  12/15 - 12/22 (47) ►  12/08 - 12/15 (44) ►  12/01 - 12/08 (57) ►  11/24 - 12/01 (51) ►  11/17 - 11/24 (46) ►  11/10 - 11/17 (39) ►  11/03 - 11/10 (48) ►  10/27 - 11/03 (53) ►  10/20 - 10/27 (48) ►  10/13 - 10/20 (37) ►  10/06 - 10/13 (52) ►  09/29 - 10/06 (51) ►  09/22 - 09/29 (39) ►  09/15 - 09/22 (44) ►  09/08 - 09/15 (38) ►  09/01 - 09/08 (38) ►  08/25 - 09/01 (56) ►  08/18 - 08/25 (43) ►  08/11 - 08/18 (40) ►  08/04 - 08/11 (54) ►  07/28 - 08/04 (52) ►  07/21 - 07/28 (25) ►  07/14 - 07/21 (28) ►  07/07 - 07/14 (31) ►  06/30 - 07/07 (29) ►  06/23 - 06/30 (29) ►  06/16 - 06/23 (35) ►  06/09 - 06/16 (41) ►  06/02 - 06/09 (39) ►  05/26 - 06/02 (34) ►  05/19 - 05/26 (49) ►  05/12 - 05/19 (37) ►  05/05 - 05/12 (48) ►  04/28 - 05/05 (37) ►  04/21 - 04/28 (44) ►  04/14 - 04/21 (39) ►  04/07 - 04/14 (33) ►  03/31 - 04/07 (37) ►  03/24 - 03/31 (37) ►  03/17 - 03/24 (36) ►  03/10 - 03/17 (37) ►  03/03 - 03/10 (52) ►  02/24 - 03/03 (40) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (35) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (27) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (34) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (36) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (32) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (27) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (51) ►  2012 (2728) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (29) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (34) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (45) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (41) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (51) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (39) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (63) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (50) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (60) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (40) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (39) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (51) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (50) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (37) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (44) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (38) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (41) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (52) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (45) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (44) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (52) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (53) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (53) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (46) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (39) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (53) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (48) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (51) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (57) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (54) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (48) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (51) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (62) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (45) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (54) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (59) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (68) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (54) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (54) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (70) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (74) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (65) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (63) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (71) ►  02/26 - 03/04 (57) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (58) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (38) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (54) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (50) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (60) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (62) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (52) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (60) ►  2011 (3141) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (35) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (53) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (58) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (77) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (78) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (67) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (76) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (70) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (44) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (62) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (54) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (58) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (65) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (63) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (57) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (57) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (60) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (70) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (47) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (46) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (42) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (51) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (45) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (54) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (71) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (54) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (70) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (51) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (57) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (32) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (60) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (69) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (52) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (71) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (52) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (58) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (67) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (69) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (75) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (70) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (89) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (65) ►  02/27 - 03/06 (68) ►  02/20 - 02/27 (55) ►  02/13 - 02/20 (57) ►  02/06 - 02/13 (50) ►  01/30 - 02/06 (79) ►  01/23 - 01/30 (73) ►  01/16 - 01/23 (65) ►  01/09 - 01/16 (70) ►  01/02 - 01/09 (57) ►  2010 (2288) ►  12/26 - 01/02 (24) ►  12/19 - 12/26 (41) ►  12/12 - 12/19 (59) ►  12/05 - 12/12 (53) ►  11/28 - 12/05 (61) ►  11/21 - 11/28 (55) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (46) ►  11/07 - 11/14 (54) ►  10/31 - 11/07 (48) ►  10/24 - 10/31 (60) ►  10/17 - 10/24 (38) ►  10/10 - 10/17 (40) ►  10/03 - 10/10 (39) ►  09/26 - 10/03 (47) ►  09/19 - 09/26 (45) ►  09/12 - 09/19 (39) ►  09/05 - 09/12 (50) ►  08/29 - 09/05 (61) ►  08/22 - 08/29 (50) ►  08/15 - 08/22 (44) ►  08/08 - 08/15 (56) ►  08/01 - 08/08 (57) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (42) ►  07/18 - 07/25 (37) ►  07/11 - 07/18 (29) ►  07/04 - 07/11 (40) ►  06/27 - 07/04 (33) ►  06/20 - 06/27 (44) ►  06/13 - 06/20 (45) ►  06/06 - 06/13 (48) ►  05/30 - 06/06 (30) ►  05/23 - 05/30 (40) ►  05/16 - 05/23 (43) ►  05/09 - 05/16 (43) ►  05/02 - 05/09 (38) ►  04/25 - 05/02 (44) ►  04/18 - 04/25 (40) ►  04/11 - 04/18 (34) ►  04/04 - 04/11 (43) ►  03/28 - 04/04 (40) ►  03/21 - 03/28 (40) ►  03/14 - 03/21 (44) ►  03/07 - 03/14 (36) ►  02/28 - 03/07 (46) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (43) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (38) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (53) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (42) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (41) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (41) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (51) ►  2009 (1346) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (22) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (32) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (33) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (39) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (42) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (29) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (42) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (35) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (30) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (34) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (36) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (38) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (38) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (36) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (31) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (28) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (27) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (25) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (18) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (24) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (26) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (28) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (33) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (21) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (14) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (15) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (14) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (33) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (19) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (28) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (18) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (14) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (20) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (15) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (24) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (18) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (26) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (19) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (16) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (17) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (25) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (30) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (21) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (21) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (24) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (30) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (29) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (18) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (21) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (27) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (18) ►  2008 (857) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (6) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (6) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (17) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (12) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (12) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (4) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (14) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (16) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (15) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (12) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (15) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (13) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (12) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (23) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (12) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (18) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (21) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (22) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (27) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (19) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (26) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (22) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (24) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (18) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (14) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (28) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (14) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (24) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (14) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (18) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (22) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (9) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (15) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (7) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (10) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (12) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (19) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (19) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (20) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (13) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (14) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (25) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (13) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (19) ►  02/24 - 03/02 (12) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (10) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (20) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (16) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (20) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (21) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (21) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (22) ►  2007 (954) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (10) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (12) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (21) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (16) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (12) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (24) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (17) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (29) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (20) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (14) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (20) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (26) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (27) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (18) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (14) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (26) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (14) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (1) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (12) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (13) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (11) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (6) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (10) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (32) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (11) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (19) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (9) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (29) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (23) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (21) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (15) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (15) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (24) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (21) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (21) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (33) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (20) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (24) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (15) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (17) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (19) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (18) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (14) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (12) ►  02/25 - 03/04 (26) ►  02/18 - 02/25 (20) ►  02/11 - 02/18 (21) ►  02/04 - 02/11 (19) ►  01/28 - 02/04 (15) ►  01/21 - 01/28 (19) ►  01/14 - 01/21 (30) ►  01/07 - 01/14 (19) ►  2006 (824) ►  12/31 - 01/07 (23) ►  12/24 - 12/31 (2) ►  12/17 - 12/24 (12) ►  12/10 - 12/17 (15) ►  12/03 - 12/10 (21) ►  11/26 - 12/03 (11) ►  11/19 - 11/26 (25) ►  11/12 - 11/19 (20) ►  11/05 - 11/12 (9) ►  10/29 - 11/05 (19) ►  10/22 - 10/29 (16) ►  10/15 - 10/22 (21) ►  10/08 - 10/15 (13) ►  10/01 - 10/08 (17) ►  09/24 - 10/01 (27) ►  09/17 - 09/24 (15) ►  09/10 - 09/17 (20) ►  09/03 - 09/10 (9) ►  08/27 - 09/03 (24) ►  08/20 - 08/27 (15) ►  08/13 - 08/20 (37) ►  08/06 - 08/13 (25) ►  07/30 - 08/06 (20) ►  07/23 - 07/30 (24) ►  07/16 - 07/23 (28) ►  07/02 - 07/09 (4) ►  06/25 - 07/02 (36) ►  06/18 - 06/25 (49) ►  06/11 - 06/18 (44) ►  06/04 - 06/11 (28) ►  05/28 - 06/04 (16) ►  05/21 - 05/28 (12) ►  05/14 - 05/21 (7) ►  05/07 - 05/14 (11) ►  04/23 - 04/30 (6) ►  04/16 - 04/23 (9) ►  04/09 - 04/16 (8) ►  04/02 - 04/09 (19) ►  03/26 - 04/02 (11) ►  03/19 - 03/26 (14) ►  03/12 - 03/19 (21) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (20) ►  02/26 - 03/05 (17) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (6) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (2) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (5) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (4) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (1) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (2) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (4) ►  2005 (59) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (3) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (4) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (5) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (6) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (6) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (6) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (6) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (6) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (1) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (3) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (8) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (5) ►  1999 (2) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (1) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (1) Top sites Oil Price Best of NextbigFuture in 2009 to Week 45 Biosingularity Brian's bio page at the Lifeboat Foundation Build new worlds = Go for Greatness Centauri Dreams Center for Responsible Nanotech Blog Coal is really bad Diamond semiconductors, MNT could break the improvement economic logjam Foresight nanodot Future Pundit Instapundit Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines book online Melanie Swan Futurememes Methuselah foundation blog Molecular nanotechnology search engine Nanotechnology Now Nextbigfuture Flipcard View No nukes means more coal Nuclear Cannon summary Nuclear Green - Charles Barton Quantum computer summary Space and nanotechnology Synthetic biology, DNA/RNA/Protein/self assembly pathway Thorium Energy Thorium, mass produced clean nuclear power Universe Today Blog~nano: Nanoscale Materials Lifeboat foundation blog Nanoparticle drug delivery Community Follow by Email Popular labels future (10730) science (5246) technology (4024) energy (3826) united states (2870) china (2793) world (2744) space (2717) nuclear (2250) physics (2104) economic impact (2090) medicine (1803) military (1508) materials (1472) japan (938) predictions (933) europe (895) robotics (766) russia (763) nasa (725) astronomy (716) gdp (676) oil (675) gadgets (669) environment (639) solar (629) launch (597) cars (595) google (590) disease (587) future weapons (585) economy (580) lasers (576) india (555) artificial intelligence (537) fusion (530) airplanes (529) darpa (527) batteries (517) canada (515) life extension (511) propulsion (495) computers (493) public health (488) internet (487) risks (480) policy (478) longevity (472) spacex (466) UK (460) politics (458) navy (450) population (450) brain (429) carbon nanotubes (413) carnival of space (398) electric cars (395) graphene (394) quantum computer (385) air force (372) sensors (367) cancer (361) telescope (360) Economics (359) controversial (359) deaths (354) DNA (349) nanotechnology (341) cities (340) gene therapy (333) qubits (333) smartphone (330) communication (323) elon musk (322) uranium (321) singularity (320) commercialization (319) enabling technology (315) War (313) electronics (312) coal (305) stem cells (303) transhuman (303) antiaging (302) Mars (292) molecular nanotechnology (283) nanoscale (280) climate change (275) fission (266) geopolitical (266) carnival of nuclear energy (265) wireless (264) metamaterials (263) superconductor (257) water (250) poverty (245) computer memory (244) UAV (238) asia (234) movies (231) air pollution (225) hypersonic (225) magnets (222) regeneration (221) gadget (219) supercomputer (218) dwave (217) mit (216) wind (213) apple (211) moon (211) army (204) africa (195) food (195) ibm (194) imaging (194) tissue engineering (194) 3d (193) SENS (192) public transportation (192) ships (192) additive manufacturing (191) television (191) intel (189) quantum effects (187) cold fusion (186) adiabatic quantum computer (185) drones (185) peak oil (181) wealth (181) buildings (180) agriculture (177) business (175) germany (175) colonization (174) synthetic biology (174) satellites (173) south korea (171) cellphone (169) displays (166) engineering (166) nanoparticles (161) broadband (158) gene sequencing (154) israel (153) lithography (153) DNA nanotechnology (151) australia (148) natural gas (148) thorium (147) genetic engineering (144) bootstrapping nanotechnology (143) taiwan (141) personalized medicine (138) computer architecture (137) aging (133) education (132) korea (131) NIAC (130) low energy nuclear reactions (130) superconductors (130) iran (129) nvidia (129) machine learning (128) aircraft (126) exoskeleton (125) bakken (124) transportation (124) weapons (124) computer (121) north dakota (121) fiction (120) samsung (120) self assembly (120) dense plasma focus (118) airplane (117) cameras (116) france (116) iphone (116) future weapons (115) hybrid (115) quantum dots (115) nanowires (114) mind computer interface (113) android (111) spintronics (109) asteroids (108) brain emulation (108) focus fusion (107) thermoelectric (107) optical networking (106) sander olson (106) skyscrapers (106) telescopes (106) geopolitics (105) microsoft (105) oceans (105) optical computing (105) room temperature superconductor (105) cyborg (104) microscopes (104) mathematics (103) diamond (102) proteins (102) rossi (101) interviews (100) singapore (100) exaflop (99) high speed rail (99) futurist (98) invisible (97) vaccines (97) printable electronics (96) molten salt (94) terahertz (93) tablets (92) petaflop (91) ultracapacitors (91) biofuels (90) engines (90) RNA (89) manufacturing (89) petaflops (89) intelligence (87) direct energy weapons (86) cognitive enhancement (85) iec fusion (84) concentrated solar power (83) supercomputers (82) nanomedicine (81) tablet (81) oilsands (80) faster than Moore's Law (79) finance (79) MEMS (78) deep learning (78) italy (78) nanomaterials (78) tesla (77) quantum annealing (76) smartphones (76) iraq (75) virus (75) california (74) memristors (74) neurons (74) railgun (74) regenerative medicine (74) GPGPU (73) performance enhancement (73) saudi arabia (73) submarine (73) cloud computing (71) jobs (71) alzheimer's (70) submarines (70) rapid manufacturing (68) crispr (67) entertainment (67) plasmonics (67) silicon photonics (67) global warming (66) nanostructured (66) robots (66) security (65) solar sail (65) economies (64) nanoparticle drug delivery (63) speculation (63) facebook (62) electric planes (61) transhumanist (61) algorithms (60) brazil (60) guided self assembly (60) ukraine (60) wearable electronics (60) DNA origami (59) deepwater oil (59) emdrive (59) mach effect (59) nextbigfuture (59) molecular electronics (58) ocean (58) planetary resources (58) alberta (57) oil shale (57) quantum computers (57) flexible electronics (56) HP (55) hydro (55) lab on a chip (55) radiation (54) rapid prototyping (53) biomarkers (51) lifeboat foundation (50) photonic propulsion (50) gpu (49) laser (49) self driving cars (48) amazon (47) memristor (47) myostatin inhibitors (47) fuel cells (46) mechanical nanotechnology (46) neuromorphic (46) AMD (45) active cloak (45) drexler (45) euv lithography (45) mundane singularity (45) pre-singularity (45) genome engineering (44) general fusion (43) Friedlander (42) genomics (42) star wars (42) teraflop (42) wealthy (42) broad group (41) electric bikes (41) exoplanets (41) holograms (41) space elevator (41) superlenses (41) video games (41) femtosecond laser (40) spaceplane (40) texas (40) mexico (39) nanophotonics (39) fish (38) precursor technology (38) programmable molecular nanotechnology (38) zettaflop (38) atomically precise manufacturing (37) high resolution (37) quantum (37) desalination (36) flash (36) millimeter wireless (36) policies (36) robot (36) surveillance (36) 3d. materials (35) augmented reality (35) blacklight power (35) indonesia (35) saskatchewan (35) terrorism (35) camera (34) construction (34) flu (34) drone (33) gigapixel (33) xprize (33) DNA synthesis (32) gigabit (32) mitochondria (32) nanopatterning (32) plasmons (32) Project Orion (31) gps (31) hyperloop (31) nanoelectronics (31) MRI (30) exaflops (30) fabber (30) silicon (30) diabetes (29) diamondoid mechanosynthesis (29) flying car (29) pollution (29) social media (29) virtual reality (29) geoengineering (28) hyperion power generation (28) bloodstream robots (27) carbon capture (27) challenges (27) gene synthesis (27) hunger (27) ocean mining (27) winterberg (27) RNA interference (26) crowdfunding (26) freitas (26) internet of things (26) star trek (26) teraflops (26) OLED (25) big data (25) casimir force (25) pathway (25) prediction (25) heartland robotics (24) kickstarter (24) open source (24) semiconductor (24) helion energy (23) medical (23) nanoimprint (23) robotic (23) roll to roll (23) satellite (23) sports (23) superconducting (23) FPGAs (22) antimatter (22) computational chemistry (22) cubesat (22) electric sail (22) pakistan (22) quantum encryption (22) skyscraper (22) communications (21) kitegen (21) lighting (21) nanomembranes (21) smart grid (21) syria (21) exascale (20) genes (20) hong kong (20) mobile (20) parkinson's disease (20) planes (20) techonomy (20) brillouin energy (19) contour crafting (19) genetics (19) nanocomposites (19) nanolaser (19) nanoribbons (19) south america (19) tourism (19) atomic layer deposition (18) biofuel (18) city (18) nanodiamond (18) rapamycin (18) safety (18) spiderfab (18) terabit ethernet (18) urbanization (18) vietnam (18) zyvex (18) LIDAR (17) car (17) commercial (17) dna manufacturing (17) ebeam lithography (17) graphite (17) seastead (17) transgenic (17) verizon (17) AGI (16) algae (16) cryonics (16) electric (16) futurists (16) led (16) nems (16) nuclear fusion (16) privacy (16) spain (16) synthetic life (16) transformation optics (16) antenna (15) building (15) chemistry (15) deep reinforcement learning (15) defkalion (15) electricity (15) genome (15) nanomagnet (15) nanotechnology business (15) nanowire (15) solve for x (15) tensilica (15) LPP fusion (14) attosecond laser (14) display (14) domes (14) eestor (14) epigenetics (14) gas (14) liquid fluoride (14) nanoplasmonic (14) power beaming (14) resveratrol (14) sound (14) vaccine (14) DNA computers (13) bitcoin (13) deep mind (13) double lithography (13) genescient (13) innovation (13) law enforcement (13) magnet (13) nanofactory (13) nervous system (13) petrobank (13) plasma (13) pluto (13) telomeres (13) wars (13) wimax (13) 5g (12) adaptive clinical trials (12) cloning (12) cvd (12) farming (12) nanofibers (12) new state of matter (12) north korea (12) rejuvenation (12) society (12) software (12) south africa (12) space based solar power (12) video (12) Claytronics (11) UK Ideas Factory (11) asteroid (11) bacteria (11) bigelow (11) bolonkin (11) crowdsourcing (11) electric car (11) gsummit (11) history (11) matter (11) metformin (11) moons (11) mram (11) nanobots (11) nanorobotics (11) phase change material (11) philippines (11) railguns (11) reusable rocket (11) sensor (11) sony (11) terrestrial energy (11) RFID (10) bioprinting (10) femtotech (10) geothermal (10) googlex (10) harvesting (10) hyperlenses (10) infrastructure (10) kurzweil (10) nanoantenna (10) nanolithography (10) petabyte (10) photonics (10) thermo-photovoltaic cells (10) vision (10) Cnano Technology (9) artificial organs (9) concrete (9) egypt (9) ereader (9) exoplanet (9) exosuit (9) fpga (9) graphane (9) lenr (9) movie (9) nanopores (9) nanotubes (9) obesity (9) ovonic (9) petawatt (9) petrobakken (9) political (9) port security (9) renewable (9) soft exoskeleton (9) toyota (9) turkey (9) vertical farming (9) DNA nanoarray (8) atomtronics (8) baidu (8) biotechnology (8) brains (8) crime (8) electron beam (8) fullerenes (8) funding (8) gbps (8) honda (8) hypertelescope (8) laptops (8) leap motion (8) nanocomp technologies (8) nanoparticle (8) optogenetics (8) programmable matter (8) rethink robotics (8) scramjet (8) skylon (8) synapse (8) trapped ion (8) trialpha energy (8) ASICS (7) ILEMM (7) battery (7) cloud (7) computational government (7) computational lithography (7) cryocooling (7) databases (7) ebola (7) ecat (7) engine (7) genomic engineering (7) george church (7) google loon (7) high temperature reactor (7) internet of everything (7) interstellar (7) magnetic (7) material (7) meat factories (7) nanosensors (7) red camera (7) room temperature spintronics (7) scooters (7) smart dust (7) superintelligence (7) taxes (7) work (7) Rotaxane (6) aerogel (6) antennas (6) atomic swiches (6) automation (6) calico (6) carbon (6) cement (6) conservation (6) corruption (6) cray (6) dip pen lithography (6) disruption (6) exawatt (6) gene drive (6) hybrids (6) illusion (6) interview (6) marines (6) microscope (6) mind reading (6) nanodots (6) nanorod (6) nantero (6) nuclear energy (6) poor (6) productivity (6) self replication (6) silicon valley (6) solar energy (6) three forks (6) tilera (6) top-down nanotechnology (6) uber (6) ultrasound (6) venezuela (6) MicroRNA (5) algorithm (5) annealing (5) atom circuit (5) bikes (5) brain uploading (5) cannae (5) cleantech (5) cloaking (5) cyberwar (5) death (5) dubai (5) employment (5) entrepreneur (5) exponential manufacturing (5) ftl (5) futurism (5) genomes (5) greece (5) h1n1 (5) hoverboard (5) iRNA (5) industry (5) magnetic monopoles (5) malaysia (5) megacities (5) metallic hydrogen (5) mining (5) motorcycles (5) nanodevices (5) nanorods (5) protein (5) quantum well (5) risk (5) stratolaunch (5) sun microsystems (5) terapixel (5) tools (5) wifi (5) Nigel B. Cook (4) abundance (4) artificial life (4) beyond cmos (4) boron nanotubes (4) bubbles (4) diesel (4) drug delivery (4) emc2 (4) ethics (4) fat (4) fat loss (4) flibe energy (4) follistatin (4) google glass (4) health (4) ipad (4) jetpack (4) medicine. (4) memcapacitors (4) meminductors (4) merkle (4) microbiome (4) microscale (4) middle class (4) monopoles (4) nanomagnet logic (4) nanomanufacturing (4) nanomembrane (4) nanometals (4) nanomotors (4) nanotip (4) optical tweezers (4) personal transport (4) precision medicine (4) quantum biology (4) quantum computing (4) regulation (4) rna nanotechnology (4) sensing (4) smart cities (4) smartwatch (4) sport (4) super high vision (4) supersonic (4) sweden (4) synthetic fuel (4) tanks (4) techology (4) terabit (4) terabyte (4) transparent (4) venus (4) wolfram alpha (4) world war (4) Amazon ec2 (3) aids (3) aliens (3) antilaser (3) art (3) avagadro scale computing (3) baldness (3) bioengineering (3) carbyne (3) chromebook (3) climate (3) diblock copolymer (3) dna brick (3) ebook (3) energy. united states (3) esail (3) exabyte (3) extinction (3) extraterrestrial (3) fast boat (3) faster than light (3) fighters (3) gecko (3) gravity (3) haptic interface (3) highlights (3) ido bachelet (3) low power (3) magnetics (3) malnutrition (3) metagenomics (3) methuselarity (3) mice (3) micronutrient (3) montana (3) nano-ionic memory (3) nanopore (3) nanotechnology IPO (3) nuclear fission (3) nutrigenomics (3) parallel (3) petahertz (3) petapixel (3) plasmonic lithography (3) poll results (3) ppp (3) programmable metallization cell (3) qubit (3) rail (3) recombineering (3) ride sharing (3) services science (3) ship (3) silicene (3) spaser (3) spinplasmonics (3) stanford (3) stm (3) straintronics (3) tech (3) twitter (3) waters (3) wikileaks (3) wireless power (3) xray (3) yottaflop (3) zero point energy (3) zettawatt (3) Baxter (2) Ben Goertzel (2) FGPA (2) Freeman Dyson (2) PACER (2) USV (2) afghanistan (2) alphabet (2) beam pen lithography (2) biochar (2) breakthrough (2) buidings (2) capri (2) carbon atomic chains (2) cella energy (2) cells (2) chipsat (2) cluster state quantum computer (2) computing (2) cryptocurrency (2) data mining (2) data science (2) dell (2) detection (2) device (2) devices (2) drone swarm (2) drugs (2) et energy (2) et3 (2) excitons (2) existential risk (2) field effect transistors (2) finFET (2) flywheel (2) free-piston engine (2) future energy (2) gagdets (2) gbit/s (2) gdp. economic impact (2) gigaflop (2) google future (2) graphics (2) graphyne (2) green (2) head mounted display (2) hoverbike (2) iarpa (2) jovion corporation (2) laser sintering (2) liposuction (2) lithium sulfur (2) magnetricity (2) maker (2) mapping (2) medicines (2) metamaterial (2) metmaterials (2) microtechnology (2) miltary (2) moon shots (2) nanocrystalline cellulose (2) nanocubes (2) nanodiamonds (2) nanodisks (2) nanoenergetics (2) nanoglue (2) nanolattice (2) nanometer (2) nanooptics (2) nanopillars (2) nanoprobe (2) nanosand (2) nanosheets (2) nanostore (2) nanosurgery (2) nanothread (2) nanowelding (2) neural dust (2) neural network (2) neurorobotics (2) nram (2) pandemic (2) personal aviation (2) picometer (2) picoprojectors (2) popululation (2) printable robots (2) quantum ai singularity (2) quantum cellular automata (2) quantum dot (2) regenerative dentistry (2) ribosome (2) russian (2) rydberg matter (2) science future (2) space tower (2) spinal cord (2) stratosphere (2) subatomic (2) synthetic bactera (2) telecopes (2) telsa (2) thinfilm (2) transmutation (2) tricorder (2) triple lithography (2) united (2) utility fog (2) uuv (2) venter (2) videos (2) wang bullet (2) wave disc engine (2) wearable (2) wearables (2) wet nanotechnology (2) yottabytes (2) youtube (2) z-pinch (2) zettabyte (2) 3rd tsunami (1) Bandung (1) British Columbia (1) Chin (1) Cycle Computing (1) Euclideon (1) GNA nanotechnology (1) Grant Norton (1) H2CAR (1) Herman Kahn (1) I am Legend (1) IEDM (1) James Miller (1) Jason Stowe (1) John Mankins (1) Juan Enriquez (1) Kardashev (1) Keith Lofstrom (1) Lower Montney (1) Montney (1) NENS (1) Peter Glaser (1) R2R production (1) R2RNIL (1) Red Whittaker (1) Rodney Brooks (1) Upper Montney (1) VTOL (1) WW3 (1) acer (1) aerographite (1) aging reversal (1) agricultur (1) alaska (1) alphago (1) analytics (1) anodization nanolithography (1) architecture (1) astronomgy (1) aubrey de grey (1) aurope (1) austrialia (1) aviation (1) batteries ibm (1) betteries (1) bio-syntrolysis (1) biocomputers (1) biofab (1) bionano (1) blockchain (1) blue origin (1) boltzmann machine (1) bottom up nanotechnology (1) brain implant (1) brian ahern (1) brontobytes (1) buckypaper (1) buckywire (1) cardiovascular (1) carmera (1) chemputer (1) chiha (1) china future (1) china. energy (1) china. nuclear (1) chiplets (1) cholesterol (1) cold war history (1) colloidal quantum dots (1) comcast (1) communication physics (1) computes (1) conditional deep belief network (1) connectomics (1) convergence (1) copper nanowelding (1) cornocopia (1) cortical computing (1) cosmology (1) countries (1) crescent point (1) cryosleep (1) cyborg camera (1) dark knight (1) dendrimers (1) diamandis (1) diamonds (1) dielectrophoresis (1) diet (1) drug dlelivery (1) dry nanotechnology (1) eagle ford (1) econ (1) economices (1) ecoskeleton (1) electrohydrodynamic (1) elevators (1) enterprise (1) eor (1) et (1) exalfop (1) exoskeletons (1) exosuits (1) exponential (1) ferropaper (1) flops (1) free space optics (1) free-piston linear alternator (1) fure (1) future physics (1) future technology (1) future. wireless (1) futute (1) gadgetes (1) gadgets future (1) gadgets sensors (1) gallium nitride (1) gate all around (1) geo (1) geocosmo (1) gigawatt (1) glycerol nucleic acid (1) golden spike (1) good (1) googlke (1) graphen (1) graphene monoxide (1) guaranteed income (1) halophytes (1) handheld (1) head transplant (1) helium (1) helphookup.com (1) humor (1) hypersound (1) idaho national lab (1) ieee (1) implantable electronics (1) india science (1) intel future (1) intracellular machines (1) ion beam (1) ivf (1) launch future (1) launch loop (1) launcher (1) lifi (1) litecoin (1) lunar (1) lysosome (1) mRNA (1) magnetic resonance force microscopy (1) magnetic superatoms (1) magnets. future (1) malaria (1) marvel (1) masdar (1) maser (1) materias (1) materils (1) mcam (1) media equivalence (1) mediciine (1) memcomputing (1) memflector (1) metabolic engineering (1) metalens (1) metananocircuitry (1) methane (1) methylome (1) microassembly (1) microcontact printing (1) miiltary (1) miitary (1) military geopolitical (1) millimeter scale computing (1) mlitary (1) moon future (1) music (1) nabsys (1) naic (1) nano-origami (1) nanoarches (1) nanobrain (1) nanobubbles (1) nanobuds (1) nanocable (1) nanocar (1) nanoceramic (1) nanochannels (1) nanocones (1) nanodomes (1) nanofluid (1) nanofoam (1) nanogravure (1) nanoionic (1) nanokites (1) nanolipogel (1) nanopantography (1) nanopaper (1) nanoposts (1) nanoscalpels (1) nanoshell (1) nanoshields (1) nanosolder (1) nanostars (1) nanoweave (1) nasa future (1) nasa science (1) nasa. niac (1) neural turing machine (1) neuroprosthesis (1) new form of matter (1) nias (1) nokia (1) nuclea (1) nuclear energy weekly (1) numenta (1) obama (1) oilsand (1) optalysys (1) optical metamaterial assembly (1) optoelectronic (1) optomec (1) paintable batteries (1) paperphone (1) paralysis (1) peptoid nanotechnology (1) perfect lens (1) petabits (1) phablet (1) phycsics (1) physics science (1) picoscale (1) picosecond (1) plasmene (1) pokemon go (1) polariton superfluid (1) polaritons (1) polaritronics (1) political future (1) poltics (1) popup mems (1) positron dynamics (1) power clothing (1) probabilistic CMOS (1) propulsion launch (1) protection (1) protocell (1) quad lithography (1) quantum dominance (1) quantum learning (1) quantum machine learning (1) quantum simulation (1) quantum singularity (1) quantum spin liquid (1) quantum supremacy (1) qudits (1) radar future (1) rb2015 (1) remote (1) renewables (1) rf-stm (1) scanning beam interference lithography (1) scarcity (1) sceince (1) science fiction (1) science fiction calculations (1) science. materials (1) science. quantum communication (1) sciencee (1) sciene (1) senses (1) server sky (1) servers (1) sharing economy (1) skyhook (1) smart dew (1) smokefree cooker (1) soft robot (1) solitons (1) sponsored (1) sprayon solar power (1) stanene (1) startram (1) statite (1) ste (1) stumbleupon (1) supercavitation (1) superinsulator (1) superlattice (1) supply chain (1) synthetic chemistry (1) tcarbon (1) technogy (1) technology energy (1) technology future (1) technology gadgets (1) technology gagdets (1) technolology (1) techonology (1) tegra (1) teleccopes (1) telemedicine (1) terawatt (1) the Hobbit (1) thiel (1) time (1) timing (1) tokomak (1) topological quantum computer (1) tpv cells (1) trains (1) transplant (1) tri-alpha energy (1) tristar (1) tropic thunder (1) turbines (1) tyler formation (1) ultra-short pulse (1) ultravector (1) universal memory (1) universal quantum computer (1) upu (1) user interface (1) vietname (1) voice recognition (1) watson (1) weapon (1) willow garage (1) wind. solar (1) wnd (1) word (1) world. (1) x labs (1) zeolites (1) zeptojoules (1) zram (1) Facebook plugin Energy Space Science Technology World Medicine Robotics Quantum Computers Artificial intelligence About Copyright © 2014 New big future Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. About UsContact Facebook twitter Google RSS
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Pharma Digitalization at CPhI SEA in March Digitalization is fast-forwarding the industry News provided by CPhI SEA Mar 06, 2017, 21:00 ET Share this article JAKARTA, Indonesia, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In two weeks' time, from March 22-24, CPhI SEA is set to open its doors at Jakarta International Expo, offering to over 260 exhibitors the only dedicated pharma trading platform for the region. Sign up today! In a sprawling archipelago made up of 17,000 islands and sometimes difficult land connections, the digital revolution will soon transform the way people access healthcare. In the short term, the greatest disruption will come from telemedicine, facilitated by a growing array of apps that give patients direct access to GPS and subsequently order medicines for home delivery, directly on their mobile phones. Examples of local players already offering the service are Halo Doc, Apotik Antar, and Alo Dokter. Continue Reading UBM Logo Apotik Antar mobile services Andy Richards, an investor in digital health, in the last issue of The Economist ("A digital revolution in health care is speeding up") argues that three groups are fighting a war for control of the "health-care value chain". One group comprises "traditional innovators" -- pharmaceutical firms, hospitals and medical-technology companies such as GE Healthcare, Siemens, Medtronic and Philips. A second category is made up of "incumbent players", which include health insurers, pharmacy-benefit managers (which buy drugs in bulk), and as single-payer health-care systems. The third group are the technology "insurgents", including Google, Apple, Amazon and a host of hungry entrepreneurs that are creating apps, predictive-diagnostics systems and new devices. In emerging economies, where regulations on health data are less onerous and where people often already expect to pay to see a doctor, faster growth and innovation is in the making. These and related topics will be discussed at CPhI SEA in 2 weeks' time. Tailored to suit this fast-changing industry, the 6th edition of CPhI South East Asia, taking place during 22-24 March 2017 in Jakarta, provides the must-attend trade exhibition where the regional pharma industry meets to leverage connections, knowledge and insight to spur business. Sign up now to attend! Government supporters: Ministry of Health, Ministry of Industry, Indonesia Investment Coordinating Board, National Agency for Drug and Food Control Trade and Professional Organization Supporters: The Indonesian Pharmaceutical Association (GP Farmasi Indonesia), Pharma Materials Management Club (PMMC), International Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Group (IPMG), the International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering (ISPE), and the Indonesian Pharmacists Association (IAI) Regional Supporters: Pharmaceutical Society of Singapore (PSS), Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers Association (PReMA) - Thailand, Malaysian Association of Pharmaceutical Suppliers. The CPhI series of events drives growth and innovation in the global pharmaceutical industry, with leading exhibitions and online communities covering every step of the supply chain from drug discovery to finished dosage. More than 100,000 visitors meet over 6,000 exhibitors at events in Europe, China, India, Japan, South East Asia, Russia, Brazil, Istanbul and Korea every year to exchange ideas, form alliances and conduct business on an international scale. Contact: Ivan Ferrari Tel.: +62 21 2930 5959 Email: ivan.ferrari@ubm.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharma-digitalization-at-cphi-sea-in-march-300418255.html SOURCE CPhI SEA Related Links http://www.cphi.com/sea Feb 21, 2017, 23:28 ET Preview: Indonesia: Pharma Investment Forum at CPhI SEA In March My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 21, 2017, 23:28 ETIndonesia: Pharma Investment Forum at CPhI SEA In March Feb 14, 2017, 21:00 ETPharma News: CPhI SEA Opening In 5 weeks - Who Are the Machinery... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Multimedia & Internet Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals You just read: Pharma Digitalization at CPhI SEA in March News provided by CPhI SEA Mar 06, 2017, 21:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET Why China Opposes Thaad in South Korea 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Pharma Digitalization at CPhI SEA in March By Published: Mar 6, 2017 9:00 p.m. ET Share Digitalization is fast-forwarding the industry JAKARTA, Indonesia, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In two weeks' time, from March 22-24,CPhI SEA is set to open its doors at Jakarta International Expo, offering to over 260 exhibitors the only dedicatedpharma trading platform for the region. Sign up today! In a sprawling archipelago made up of 17,000 islands and sometimes difficult land connections, the digital revolution will soon transform the way people access healthcare. In the short term, the greatest disruption will come from telemedicine, facilitated by a growing array of apps that give patients direct access to GPS and subsequently order medicines for home delivery, directly on their mobile phones. Examples of local players already offering the service are Halo Doc, Apotik Antar, and Alo Dokter. Andy Richards, an investor in digital health, in the last issue of The Economist ("A digital revolution in health care is speeding up") argues that three groups are fighting a war for control of the "health-care value chain". One group comprises "traditional innovators" -- pharmaceutical firms, hospitals and medical-technology companies such as GE Healthcare, Siemens, Medtronic and Philips. A second category is made up of "incumbent players", which include health insurers, pharmacy-benefit managers (which buy drugs in bulk), and as single-payer health-care systems. The third group are the technology "insurgents", including Google, Apple, Amazon and a host of hungry entrepreneurs that are creating apps, predictive-diagnostics systems and new devices. In emerging economies, where regulations on health data are less onerous and where people often already expect to pay to see a doctor, faster growth and innovation is in the making. These and related topics will be discussed at CPhI SEA in 2 weeks' time. Tailored to suit this fast-changing industry, the 6th edition of CPhI South East Asia, taking place during 22-24 March 2017 in Jakarta, provides the must-attend trade exhibition where the regional pharma industry meets to leverage connections, knowledge and insight to spur business. Sign up now to attend! Government supporters: Ministry of Health, Ministry of Industry, Indonesia Investment Coordinating Board, National Agency for Drug and Food Control Trade and Professional Organization Supporters: The Indonesian Pharmaceutical Association (GP Farmasi Indonesia), Pharma Materials Management Club (PMMC), International Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Group (IPMG), the International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering (ISPE), and the Indonesian Pharmacists Association (IAI) Regional Supporters: Pharmaceutical Society of Singapore (PSS), Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers Association (PReMA) - Thailand, Malaysian Association of Pharmaceutical Suppliers. The CPhI series of events drives growth and innovation in the global pharmaceutical industry, with leading exhibitions and online communities covering every step of the supply chain from drug discovery to finished dosage. More than 100,000 visitors meet over 6,000 exhibitors at events in Europe, China, India, Japan, South East Asia, Russia, Brazil, Istanbul and Korea every year to exchange ideas, form alliances and conduct business on an international scale. Contact: Ivan Ferrari Tel.: +62 21 2930 5959 Email: ivan.ferrari@ubm.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharma-digitalization-at-cphi-sea-in-march-300418255.html SOURCE CPhI SEA Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Subscribe Sign in Manage account Logout Manage account e-Newspaper Logout Sections News All Headlines Tucson News Business News National News Arizona News World News News in Spanish Retro Tucson Sports Arizona Wildcats Greg Hansen High School Sports Obits Today's Obituaries Place an Obituary Buy & Sell Business Directory Church Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Pets Place a Classified Ad Print Ads Advertise with us Tucson Things to Do Tucson Restaurants Events Calendar Games, Puzzles, Comics Movie Times TV Listings Outdoors Music Books Tucson Home + Life Health & Fitness Tucson Familes Tales from the Morgue People Pets & Animals Tucson Gardens Opinion E-Newspaper Oro Valley Map & Guide Weekly Circulars Special Sections Contact Subscriber Services Toggle navigation Menu Search Search 46° Tucson, AZ (85714) Today Mainly sunny. High 81F. ESE winds shifting to NNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 50F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 7, 2017 @ 1:53 am Full Forecast Sign in using your account Sign in Don't have an account? Subscribe today Manage account e-Newspaper Logout News Sports Obits Classifieds Close Howard Fischer / Capitol Media Services/// Sen. John Kavanagh top story Arizona bill seeks 1 hour of computer coding in schools By Howard Fischer Capitol Media Services Mar 6, 2017 Updated 7 hrs ago Howard Fischer / Capitol Media Services/// Sen. John Kavanagh PHOENIX — One hour of coding instruction is not going to teach anyone to create the next generation of the “Minecraft” video game. But Sen. John Kavanagh figures that if students are exposed to understanding what computer coding can do, it will encourage at least a handful to want to know more about what makes computers, cellphones and video games work. So the Scottsdale Republican persuaded the House Education Committee to vote 7-4 on Monday to require students to be exposed to just one hour of coding sometime between the 4th and 12th grades. SB 1136, which already has cleared the Senate 17-13, now needs approval of the full House. Kavanagh said he was inspired to push the legislation after a trip to Silicon Valley, where he and other lawmakers met with officials from some of the major tech companies there, including Google and Facebook. “One of the things they kept driving into us legislators was that they have to import hundreds of students from outside the U.S.,” he said. “There are not enough American students who have coding skills,” Kavanagh said. “They would really like to have American-grown talent doing this work here.” So how much can a student learn in one hour? “Not much,” Kavanagh conceded. But he said that’s not the point. “We’re simply trying to show young students what coding is so they understand the concept,” he said, learning why when they press a certain key on their smartphones it does a specific thing. “More importantly, they realize it may be something they’re interested in and something that they’re capable of learning.” And it’s not even necessary that the teacher have any knowledge of coding. It’s built on a website operated by Hourofcode.com, a nonprofit with the stated goal of expanding access to computer science. There are a series of programs at various grade levels. “So at the fourth- and fifth-grade (level), the students might not actually write the code,” Kavanagh explained. “They may simply pick blocks of words and letters and insert them,” he continued, to see how each new provision affects the program. For example, it could be a race car program, where a specific line or group of lines causes a car to go faster or slower. “When they get older they’ll actually do the typing of the code command,” Kavanagh said. One of the issues of concern is adding a specific mandate for a very specific area of knowledge. But Kavanagh said it’s justified and that it doesn’t require a background in science to do coding. Not everyone thinks this is a great idea. “I’m not very supportive of us micromanaging what we’re teaching and for how long,” said Rep. Michelle Udall, R-Mesa. And Udall, who has a bachelor’s degree in computer science and has done programming, questioned whether what Kavanagh wants will do any good at all. “One hour of coding in between the grades of 4th and 12th is going to give very little benefit,” she said. “An hour’s about enough to figure out how frustrating it can be — but not enough to really learn the skills to be successful at it.” On Twitter: @azcapmedia More information Gov. Doug Ducey sends roads wish list to Trump administration, vows no gas-tax hike Arizona is counting on the White House to help Arizona deal with its road construction needs. Senators vote to open a swath of northwest Arizona to electronic billboards SB 1114 now goes to the House. Arizona spending in classrooms declines year over year Districts spending about half of what they get in state funding on classroom instruction. Arizona Senate committee OKs amending 'Shannon's Law' on urban gunfire Law named after girl who was killed by a bullet fired from a distance. Take a ride in UA's driverless car University of Arizona students use Meta GME, a computer program, to tell the UA’s Cognitive and Autonomous Test, or CAT, vehicle where to driv… Photos: Ash Wednesday to go For the fourth year, St James United Methodist Church in Tucson is offering "Ash Wednesday To Go" until 4pm. Tags Computer Coding Arizona Schools Arizona Education Trending Now Most Read Malaysian prime minister says North Korea 'effectively holding our citizens hostage' by barring them from leaving Miller earns Pac-12's top coaching honor for third time Pastiche owner Pat Connors dies at 48 The Latest: Malaysia PM: N. Korea holding citizens 'hostage' TPD decision not to continue search with Border Patrol draws criticism as political Currents Photos: What you missed this weekend at Paris Fashion Week These are the walk to work capitals of America How to find great, free wood—in the trash Photos: Inside the White House's color-coded rooms Today Across the U.S. Walter Cronkite retires, 36 years later Today’s top pics: The iHeartRadio Music Awards and more Your daily 6: Letterman talks Trump, Marines' nude photo scandal and are high heels sexist? More From Around the Nation Ed Sheeran's lifestyle change Kylie Minogue hints at heartbreak on new LP Olly Murs admits to fancying Katy Perry Lily Collins forgives Phil for 'not matching her expectations' Sites & Partners Amazon Arizona Daily Star Store La Estrella de Tucsón Tucson Healthy Aging Tucson Festival of Books Saddlebag Notes Topics & Features e-Newspaper Public notices Events calendar Careers @ Lee Enterprises Careers @ Gannett Online Features Tools & Services Advertise with us Register Contact us RSS feeds Newsletters Photo reprints Subscriber services Subscription FAQ © Copyright 2017 Arizona Daily Star, 4850 S. Park Ave. Tucson, AZ | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Subscribe Sign in Manage account Logout Manage account e-Newspaper Logout Sections News All Headlines Tucson News Business News National News Arizona News World News News in Spanish Retro Tucson Sports Arizona Wildcats Greg Hansen High School Sports Obits Today's Obituaries Place an Obituary Buy & Sell Business Directory Church Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Pets Place a Classified Ad Print Ads Advertise with us Tucson Things to Do Tucson Restaurants Events Calendar Games, Puzzles, Comics Movie Times TV Listings Outdoors Music Books Tucson Home + Life Health & Fitness Tucson Familes Tales from the Morgue People Pets & Animals Tucson Gardens Opinion E-Newspaper Oro Valley Map & Guide Weekly Circulars Special Sections Contact Subscriber Services Toggle navigation Menu Search Search 49° Tucson, AZ (85714) Today Sunny skies. High 81F. ESE winds shifting to N at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low near 50F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 7, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast Sign in using your account Sign in Don't have an account? Subscribe today Manage account e-Newspaper Logout News Sports Obits Classifieds Close Howard Fischer / Capitol Media Services/// Sen. John Kavanagh top story Arizona bill seeks 1 hour of computer coding in schools By Howard Fischer Capitol Media Services Mar 6, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago Howard Fischer / Capitol Media Services/// Sen. John Kavanagh PHOENIX — One hour of coding instruction is not going to teach anyone to create the next generation of the “Minecraft” video game. But Sen. John Kavanagh figures that if students are exposed to understanding what computer coding can do, it will encourage at least a handful to want to know more about what makes computers, cellphones and video games work. So the Scottsdale Republican persuaded the House Education Committee to vote 7-4 on Monday to require students to be exposed to just one hour of coding sometime between the 4th and 12th grades. SB 1136, which already has cleared the Senate 17-13, now needs approval of the full House. Kavanagh said he was inspired to push the legislation after a trip to Silicon Valley, where he and other lawmakers met with officials from some of the major tech companies there, including Google and Facebook. “One of the things they kept driving into us legislators was that they have to import hundreds of students from outside the U.S.,” he said. “There are not enough American students who have coding skills,” Kavanagh said. “They would really like to have American-grown talent doing this work here.” So how much can a student learn in one hour? “Not much,” Kavanagh conceded. But he said that’s not the point. “We’re simply trying to show young students what coding is so they understand the concept,” he said, learning why when they press a certain key on their smartphones it does a specific thing. “More importantly, they realize it may be something they’re interested in and something that they’re capable of learning.” And it’s not even necessary that the teacher have any knowledge of coding. It’s built on a website operated by Hourofcode.com, a nonprofit with the stated goal of expanding access to computer science. There are a series of programs at various grade levels. “So at the fourth- and fifth-grade (level), the students might not actually write the code,” Kavanagh explained. “They may simply pick blocks of words and letters and insert them,” he continued, to see how each new provision affects the program. For example, it could be a race car program, where a specific line or group of lines causes a car to go faster or slower. “When they get older they’ll actually do the typing of the code command,” Kavanagh said. One of the issues of concern is adding a specific mandate for a very specific area of knowledge. But Kavanagh said it’s justified and that it doesn’t require a background in science to do coding. Not everyone thinks this is a great idea. “I’m not very supportive of us micromanaging what we’re teaching and for how long,” said Rep. Michelle Udall, R-Mesa. And Udall, who has a bachelor’s degree in computer science and has done programming, questioned whether what Kavanagh wants will do any good at all. “One hour of coding in between the grades of 4th and 12th is going to give very little benefit,” she said. “An hour’s about enough to figure out how frustrating it can be — but not enough to really learn the skills to be successful at it.” On Twitter: @azcapmedia More information Gov. Doug Ducey sends roads wish list to Trump administration, vows no gas-tax hike Arizona is counting on the White House to help Arizona deal with its road construction needs. Senators vote to open a swath of northwest Arizona to electronic billboards SB 1114 now goes to the House. Arizona spending in classrooms declines year over year Districts spending about half of what they get in state funding on classroom instruction. Arizona Senate committee OKs amending 'Shannon's Law' on urban gunfire Law named after girl who was killed by a bullet fired from a distance. Take a ride in UA's driverless car University of Arizona students use Meta GME, a computer program, to tell the UA’s Cognitive and Autonomous Test, or CAT, vehicle where to driv… Photos: Ash Wednesday to go For the fourth year, St James United Methodist Church in Tucson is offering "Ash Wednesday To Go" until 4pm. Tags Computer Coding Arizona Schools Arizona Education Trending Now Most Read Malaysian prime minister says North Korea 'effectively holding our citizens hostage' by barring them from leaving Miller earns Pac-12's top coaching honor for third time Pastiche owner Pat Connors dies at 48 The Latest: Malaysia PM: N. Korea holding citizens 'hostage' TPD decision not to continue search with Border Patrol draws criticism as political Currents These are the walk to work capitals of America How to find great, free wood—in the trash Photos: Inside the White House's color-coded rooms Stars we've lost so far in 2017 Today Across the U.S. Walter Cronkite retires, 36 years later Today’s top pics: The iHeartRadio Music Awards and more Your daily 6: Letterman talks Trump, Marines' nude photo scandal and are high heels sexist? More From Around the Nation Author: Sanction college students who shouted down my speech Ruby Rose: My relationship with Jess Origliasso is 'amazing' Chance The Rapper donates $1 million to Chicago Public Schools Rick Rude to be inducted into 2017 WWE Hall of Fame Sites & Partners Amazon Arizona Daily Star Store La Estrella de Tucsón Tucson Healthy Aging Tucson Festival of Books Saddlebag Notes Topics & Features e-Newspaper Public notices Events calendar Careers @ Lee Enterprises Careers @ Gannett Online Features Tools & Services Advertise with us Register Contact us RSS feeds Newsletters Photo reprints Subscriber services Subscription FAQ © Copyright 2017 Arizona Daily Star, 4850 S. Park Ave. Tucson, AZ | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team CrunchBoardPut Your Job In Front Of 14M TechCrunch Readers Post Your Job Today Government With tech ready to go to bat, Supreme Court puts off transgender rights case Russian hackers reportedly extorting cash from liberal political groups What Betsy DeVos’ confirmation means for innovation in education Browse more... Airbnb Crunch Report | DeviantArt Acquired by Wix Airbnb finalizes deal to buy social payments startup Tilt A big apartment management company is suing Airbnb Browse more... Lyft Lyft seeks $6 billion valuation in funding round GM said to be fielding thousands of self-driving test Bolts with Lyft in 2018 The inside story of the rise and rise of Uber Browse more... immigration Trump’s hiring freeze is taking jobs away from cybersecurity students UK faces triple whammy from skills shortfall, visa restrictions and Brexit uncertainty AncestryDNA clustered 770,000 genomes to find your family’s American immigration story Browse more... donald trump Thiel’s chief of staff tapped as White House deputy CTO Trump’s hiring freeze is taking jobs away from cybersecurity students The implications of the end of net neutrality Browse more... Tech takes a softer initial stance on Trump’s latest executive order Posted 8 hours ago by Kate Conger (@kateconger) 0 SHARES Next Story With tech ready to go to bat, Supreme Court puts off transgender rights case After several courts shot down his executive order that banned travelers from seven nations from entering the United States, President Trump today made another attempt to implement his proposed Muslim immigration ban. Trump signed a new executive order this morning that reduces the list of affected nations to six — it now excludes Iraq — and provides some clarity about the implementation of the order and the types of visas that are exempt. Hundreds of tech companies joined a legal effort to oppose the first executive order, but it’s not clear yet if they will respond to Trump’s latest effort. Immigration is a key issue for tech companies with international workforces and several companies said that their workers were stranded during international travel due to the sudden rollout of the immigration ban. Executives were quick to condemn Trump’s first ban but the reaction to his second ban has been muted so far. Google, one of the first companies to speak out against the earlier executive order, has yet to address the current one. Sources at several companies who opposed the first ban suggested their firms are waiting to take cues from state attorneys general, who were the first to challenge Trump’s initial order and will need to mount a second challenge before companies can follow the same pattern of signing an amicus brief. However, Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson, whose challenge to the ban reached the 9th Circuit, said in a news conference today that he is reviewing Trump’s new order and has not yet determined his next steps. Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring was similarly cautious in his statement, saying he would consider how the new executive order would impact Virginia’s ongoing legal challenge to the initial ban and determine whether any additional legal measures need to be taken. Lyft, which signed an amicus brief in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals along with hundreds of other companies opposing Trump’s first ban, said today that it would meet with the American Civil Liberties Union to discuss other legal responses to the new executive order.  Related Articles Elon Musk posts, then deletes, tweets calling Trump's immigration ban "not right" 97 companies file opposition to Trump's immigration order Zendesk, Tesla and Adobe join amicus brief opposing Trump's immigration order “Lyft stands firmly against this order.  We will continue to speak out and take action when the values of our community are put at risk,” Lyft CEO Logan Green said in a statement, adding that he and his co-founder John Zimmer would meet with ACLU executive director Anthony Romero on Wednesday “to discuss how we can further support their efforts.” The ACLU called the new executive order “unconstitutional” and said it would continue to fight it. Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky took to Twitter to address the ban, saying Trump’s efforts are “still wrong.” Barring people from entering our country because of where they're from was wrong the first time around – still wrong… — Brian Chesky (@bchesky) March 6, 2017 Airbnb also signed the amicus brief and offered to fund housing for immigrants stranded during the chaotic early hours of the initial order. It’s not clear yet what, if any, action Airbnb will take in response to today’s order. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Donald J. Trump Bio Donald John Trump (born June 14, 1946) is an American business magnate, investor, author, television personality and the newly elected President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election. He is the chairman and president of The Trump Organization, and the founder of Trump Entertainment Resorts. Trump's career, branding efforts, lifestyle and outspoken manner helped make him a celebrity, … Full profile for Donald J. Trump Lyft Founded 2012 Overview Zimride re-incorporated as Lyft, Inc. in May, 2012. Lyft is a peer-to-peer transportation platform that connects passengers who need rides with drivers willing to provide rides using their own personal vehicles. Lyft was started in 2012 with the mission of building a peer-to-peer transportation solution that would help make cities safer, more affordable and better connected. Lyft now operates … Location San Francisco, CA Categories Peer to Peer, Mobile Apps, Ride Sharing, Transportation Founders Logan Green Website http://lyft.com Full profile for Lyft Airbnb Founded 2008 Overview Airbnb is a community marketplace for people to list, discover and book unique spaces around the world through mobile phones or the internet. Whether an apartment for a night, a castle for a week, or a villa for a month, Airbnb connects people to unique travel experiences at any price point, with [over 2M listings in 34K cities and 192 countries](https://www.airbnb.com/about/about-us). With a growing … Location San Francisco, CA Categories Marketplace, Travel, Travel Accommodations, Sharing Economy, Hospitality Website http://airbnb.com Full profile for Airbnb Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Jay Z Has Arrived | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Lyft immigration donald trump Airbnb Government Popular Posts Featured Stories Jay Z Has Arrived | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:21 | Crunch Report Amazon’s AWS buys Thinkbox Software, maker of tools for creative professionals 11 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Should Snap buy Twitter? 12 hours ago | Alex Wilhelm, Jonathan Shieber Justin Kan launches his own startup incubator program called Zero-F 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Snap tumbles 12% on day three, erases gains 13 hours ago | Katie Roof Latest From TechCrunch Land Rover’s new Discovery search and rescue SUV has a roof-mounted drone 25 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington How the M14 Industries Dragons’ Den deal collapsed 40 minutes ago | Steve O'Hear Samsung Pay is now live in India 58 minutes ago | Jon Russell Safaricom and mSurvey launch Consumer Wallet to map Africa’s cash economy 3 hours ago | Jake Bright Comment moderation powered by Up Next With tech ready to go to bat, Supreme Court puts off transgender rights case Posted 9 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Mobile User Experience Designer (UX) - TrainingPeaks at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) Director of Community & Business Development (YC-backed) at Paragon One (New York, NY, United States) Lead Web Developer @ Numerai at Numerai (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer- Fullstack/Backend @ Sift Science at Sift Science (San Francisco, CA, United States) SysAdmin DevOps at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Land Rover’s new Discovery search and rescue SUV has a roof-mounted drone 25 minutes ago by Darrell Etherington How the M14 Industries Dragons’ Den deal collapsed 40 minutes ago by Steve O'Hear Samsung Pay is now live in India 58 minutes ago by Jon Russell Safaricom and mSurvey launch Consumer Wallet to map Africa’s cash economy 3 hours ago by Jake Bright The Sonos Playbase sits comfortably under your TV 4 hours ago by John Biggs Crunch Report | Jay Z Has Arrived 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Uber agreed to, then scrapped, a non-compete deal with Indonesian unicorn Go-Jek 5 hours ago by Jon Russell Twitch introduces Pulse, its very own gamer news feed 8 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Tech takes a softer initial stance on Trump’s latest executive order 8 hours ago by Kate Conger With tech ready to go to bat, Supreme Court puts off transgender rights case 9 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Amazon Web Services makes another deal, acquiring Thinkbox media rendering tech company GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education Major League Baseball is first to allow the use of a device to collect player biometrics in games Geared Up! The new Xbox Game Pass, and the future of smartphone design Twitch ‘Pulse’ adds Facebook-like social media tool to streaming giant’s front page IBM and Salesforce connect Watson and Einstein in new artificial intelligence alliance Yahoo launches text-based chatbot called Captain to help organize family schedules Dick’s Drive-In lovers crash the Seattle burger joint’s website trying to cast votes for next location ThinkGeek opening another Washington state store with Tacoma Mall location coming this spring Netflix will reportedly launch a choose-your-own-adventure show later this year Expedia to keep satellite office in hometown of Bellevue after departing for Seattle in 2019 IBM plans to deliver ‘industry first’ quantum computers via the cloud NY Knicks nix music and video during game — does NBA basketball look and sound better this way? One giant leap: Jeff Bezos shows off Blue Origin’s shiny new BE-4 rocket engine Seattle Genetics cancer drug clinical trials will go forward after FDA lifts hold Amazon closes cable store that resold packages from Comcast and Frontier Microsoft Azure adds new data analytics, voice and facial recognition to its government cloud Trump’s revised immigration order will suspend travel from six majority Muslim nations but won’t bar visa-holders or Iraqis uZoom raises more cash to grow 1-to-1 live streaming platform with new e-commerce play The spectacular characters and ridiculously awesome cosplay of Emerald City Comicon Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Report: Amazon plans to bring Alexa and cloud-based deep learning tools to call centers Amazon quiet on big AWS outage, but an explanation could come soon Update: AWS cloud storage back online after outage cripples popular sites How the tech industry uses H-1B visas and what could change under President Trump Seattle’s population is growing at nearly double the rate of Silicon Valley but it still lags behind as an innovation hub Citing schedule slips, Spaceflight rebooks 89 satellites on SpaceX’s launch list Tech vet revs up The Shop, a club for car lovers with a new Ethan Stowell restaurant under the hood Microsoft’s ‘Azure Stack’ for on-premises servers will use pay-as-you-go cloud pricing model Jeff Bezos and Blue Origin propose ‘Amazon-like’ delivery to the moon in 2020 Watch Uber CEO Travis Kalanick have it out with a driver over the direction of the company Amazon wins 3 Oscars in a first for streaming studio — and Jeff Bezos gets a fun shout-out Startup Spotlight: VendorHawk makes software for the new world of SaaS Microsoft employees donate a record $142M to non-profits, and have a lot of fun along the way Chemotherapy, surgery and David Bowie: How music helps cancer patients heal In new immigration twist, U.S. suspends option to pay for faster H-1B visa processing Startup Spotlight: LevelTen Energy makes it easier for corporations to buy clean power Trending: Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Cloud Tech Presented by IBM plans to deliver ‘industry first’ quantum computers via the cloud by Geof Wheelwright on March 6, 2017 at 10:45 amMarch 6, 2017 at 10:47 am Comments   Share  14 Tweet Share  12 Reddit Email Buy tickets to the GeekWire Bash here! IBM Quantum Computing Scientists Hanhee Paik (left) and Sarah Sheldon (right) examine the hardware inside an open dilution fridge at the IBM Q Lab at IBM’s T. J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown, NY. (Photo: Connie Zhou for IBM) IBM today unveiled plans to build commercially-available quantum computer systems for business and science that will be accessed via the IBM Cloud. Known as “IBM Q”, these quantum systems will be aimed at tackling tough computational problems where vast numbers of possible outcomes of a computational task need to be explored simultaneously. “While technologies that currently run on classical computers, such as Watson, can help find patterns and insights buried in vast amounts of existing data, quantum computers will deliver solutions to important problems where patterns cannot be seen because the data doesn’t exist and the possibilities that you need to explore to get to the answer are too enormous to ever be processed by classical computers,” explained the company in its announcement about the IBM Q initiative. Quantum computing is a much sought-after capability that many in the tech sector have been pursuing for years, holding the promise of new breakthroughs and discoveries by processing vast amounts of data. Google, for example, has ongoing “Quantum AI” work that is being used to tackle challenges such as the modeling of molecular energy, and has been working with NASA and a Vancouver-area company called D-Wave to evaluate quantum computer designs. Microsoft leads the Station Q research consortium, focusing on research into the “mathematics and physics of topological quantum computation,” and is also building a quantum computer. IBM sought to differentiate its technologies in its announcement today: “Unlike highly specialized and limited approaches to quantum computing, the universal quantum computers IBM plans to build are the only systems proven to be exponentially more capable than existing classical computing.” The company also said that it’s making a new API (Application Program Interface) available for the IBM Quantum Experience that it says will enable developers and programmers to create connections “between its existing five quantum bit (qubit) cloud-based quantum computer and classical computers, without developers needing to have a deep background in quantum physics.” A qubit is the basic unit of information in quantum computing systems (analogous to the “bit” in a conventional computer). In a further effort to target developers, IBM is producing a simulator on its Quantum Experience portal that can model circuits with up to 20 qubits. IBM has also committed to release a full SDK (Software Development Kit) on the IBM Quantum Experience in the first half of 2017 for users to build simple quantum applications and software programs. According to Tom Rosamilia, senior vice president of IBM Systems, “classical computers” will continue to evolve — rather than being replaced by — quantum computers. “Classical computers are extraordinarily powerful and will continue to advance and underpin everything we do in business and society. But there are many problems that will never be penetrated by a classical computer. To create knowledge from much greater depths of complexity, we need a quantum computer,” he said. “We envision IBM Q systems working in concert with our portfolio of classical high-performance systems to address problems that are currently unsolvable, but hold tremendous untapped value.” Sponsor Post You’re Salesforce. Aren’t you just a sales company? We hear this a lot from engineers. Can’t blame ’em. We are called Salesforce. But, while we do build products and provide services that support sales teams, we’re not “just a sales company”. We’re a massive distributed systems engineering company–an API and mobile-first, cloud computing platform. The truth is, we’re much broader than you think. Learn more on our Salesforce Engineering Medium blog. Tickets on sale now for the inaugural GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit       More Cloud Tech Amazon Web Services makes another deal, acquiring Thinkbox media rendering tech company IBM and Salesforce connect Watson and Einstein in new artificial intelligence alliance Microsoft Azure adds new data analytics, voice and facial recognition to its government cloud Geof Wheelwright has been living "10 minutes into the future" for more than three decades. He covers cloud and IoT technologies, the impact of public policy on innovation - and has been known to write about some things just because they're really, really cool. Tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire 6th Anniversary Bash on March 15th. The GeekWire Bash has it all: ping-pong, dodgeball, foosball, beer pong, video games, arcades, tricycle races, sumo wrestling, drinks, table top games, massages, a beer dispensing robot, cornhole and MORE. Get your tickets today for Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party! Comments Share  14 Tweet Share  12 Reddit Email Previous StoryNY Knicks nix music and video during game — does NBA basketball look and sound better this way? Next StoryExpedia to keep satellite office in hometown of Bellevue after departing for Seattle in 2019 Filed Under: Cloud Tech  Tagged With: Google • IBM • Microsoft Research • Quantum computing GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Microsoft researchers lay down a big bet on topological quantum computers New startup building ‘desktop supercomputer,’ seeking big breakthroughs using chips that work like the human brain IBM focuses on a hybrid-cloud future with latest hardware and software IBM doubles down on Apache Spark with new ‘Data Science Experience’ Previous StoryNY Knicks nix music and video during game — does NBA basketball look and sound better this way? Next StoryExpedia to keep satellite office in hometown of Bellevue after departing for Seattle in 2019 Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education GeekWire Deals: Finally, watch Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and more—offline—with PlayOn Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Senior Mobile EngineerDistiller Software Engineer – ToolsOfferUp E-commerce ManagerPacific Market International (PMI) × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Rumor claims the Pixel 2 will drop the headphone jack +5,584 Ashley King Mar 6th, 2017 It’s certainly been an interesting 12 months or so for the 3.5mm headphone jack. Apple’s iPhone 7 debuted without one and with the Moto Z following suit in the realm of Android, many enthusiasts were afraid that manufacturers like Samsung and LG would follow lock-step behind Apple in this decision. Both the upcoming LG G6 and the Samsung Galaxy S8 will feature a headphone jack, but if a recent rumor is to be believed it may be Google that falls in behind Apple first. 9to5Google is reporting that the next-generation Pixel flagship phone won’t feature a headphone jack, according to internal documents seen by the site. It’s worth noting that they weren’t able to verify this rumor with multiple sources, however. According to Stephen Hall, the language in the document presents the removal of the headphone jack as matter-of-fact, as if this is something Google’s been considering for a while. If this development turns out to be true it’s rather ironic, considering the inclusion of the 3.5mm headphone jack was one of the marketing bullet points in the first Pixel ad. local_offer    Google   Pixel   Pixel 2   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (24) stars Further Reading Fake news sites are making Google Home unreliable Google Play Store celebrates its 5th birthday The March security update is released for the Verizon Pixel Google's budget Pixel 2 may come to Android One HP and Google announce a new Chromebook for students stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertOnePlus 5 rumors closeOnePlus 5 may have curved display, 256GB of storage, and a 23MP camera A couple of new rumors out of Korea shed some light on the OnePlus 5. If you’re wondering about the OnePlus 4, you’re not crazy, they did indeed skip 4. 2 more_vertGoogle Assistant begins rolling out to those in the US closeGoogle Assistant is officially rolling out to an Android device near you After being announced at MWC 2017, Google Assistant is officially rolling out to compatible devices running Android Marshmallow and Android Nougat. 3 more_vertThe Pixel 2 won't come cheap closeGoogle plans to stay in the premium market with the Pixel 2 Rick Osterloh, SVP of Hardware at Google, has confirmed in an interview that the Pixel 2 will be priced in the premium market. 4 more_vertThe Timewave Moto Mod has launched on IndieGogo closeThis new Moto Mod will change how you interact with your Moto Z The Timewave Moto Mod looks to change how we interact with our smartphones and has just opened up its IndieGogo campaign. 5 more_vertDeal: Samsung Gear S2 for $129 closeDeal: Samsung’s Gear S2 is just $129 at Groupon If you want a Samsung smartwatch but can’t quite shell out many hundreds to snag one, turn your attention to Groupon. Right now, you can get yourself a Samsung Gear S2 for just $129. 6 more_vertGoogle tests trending news closeGoogle Now begins showing trending news stories Google Now typically does a good job of delivering stories you care about, but now it seems Google is testing out a new feature to keep you in the know of something that’s really making the rounds. 7 more_vertJoin the Gboard and Play Services beta today closeGoogle opens beta registration for Gboard and Google Play Services Google has made it possible for users to join the beta program for the Gboard application, as well as Google Play Services. 8 more_vertMore leaks show off the Galaxy S8 closeSomeone leaked the Galaxy S8 even though the sticker says not to A series of the new leaks show off the Galaxy S8 in a potato video, while new images show off the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus in high-resolution quality. 9 more_vertNew malware comes to Android closeSome Play Store apps have been infected with malware designed for Windows New malware has been discovered on the Play Store, affecting over 130 apps, but it seems the malware was designed for Windows. 10 more_vertYouTube TV vs competition closeYouTube TV vs Playstation Vue vs Sling TV vs DirecTV Now YouTube TV will have to compete with Sling TV, Playstation Vue, and DirecTV Now. Which streaming TV service is best for you? Let’s find out. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News 1SEO.com Digital Agency Announces Introduction of Bi-Weekly Podcast The digital marketing agency has released their original podcast, „The Digital Buzz,” to give listeners a glimpse into the digital marketing world. BRISTOL, PA, UNITED STATES, March 6, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Aiming to become leaders in their space while helping provide their clients with a new way to gain knowledge of the SEO and digital marketing industry, 1SEO.com Digital Agency is excited to announce the launch of their podcast, “The Digital Buzz.” The podcast is set to be based around buzzing industry-related topics, from search engine optimization to pay-per-click management to social media, content, and email marketing. The company’s in-house content and SEO professional, Ryan Clutter, is the moderator of the podcast, and will be speaking with other digital marketers from the company in a one-on-one conversation or group setting. The first episode of the podcast was a “Deep Dive into Google’s Various Algorithms” with guest Anthony Kane, an In-House SEO Strategist. The episode can be heard on the 1SEO.com Digital Agency Soundcloud. “We were thinking of different ways to get our content in front of interested consumers or business owners,” said Clutter. “I’ve been in charge of 1SEO’s content marketing program for over a year now, and we’ve been thinking of adding a podcast segment. I’m excited we finally pulled the trigger and are giving this a go.” The podcast is set to air bi-weekly on Friday’s at 4 pm EST. That’s the reason for the name, “The Digital Buzz,” which has a dual meaning of buzzworthy and trending topics, plus a kind of happy hour celebration for the end of the week. The company, offering local internet marketing in Bucks County and the greater Philadelphia area, is aiming to expand its reach through a conversation centered on newsworthy topics. Be sure to follow the company on all social media platforms to learn when a new episode has aired, and tune in to stay up to date on the latest buzz in the digital marketing field. For any questions or inquiries about the podcast, or to learn how 1SEO.com Digital Agency helps brands stand out online, contact the company today. About 1SEO.com Digital Agency 1SEO.com Digital Agency is a Philadelphia, PA-based digital marketing firm that provides end-to-end solutions for their clientele, which is comprised of hundreds of businesses in countless industries that operate in several sectors, from the niche to the mainstream. Using a full suite of services like search engine optimization (SEO), pay per click (PPC), social media optimization (SMO), website design, content writing and email marketing, 1SEO.com Digital Agency helps their clients win online by cultivating online presences and harvesting leads, closes, conversions and profits. For more information, please visit https://1seo.com/. CJ Bachmann 1SEO.com Digital Agency 2159461046 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, front, Industry, Internet, Space, Uncategorized, win, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ANALYSTS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION WINS INAVERO’S 2017 BEST OF STAFFING® CLIENT DIAMOND AWARD Next PostNext Product in Place lawsuits an option for IVC filter patients with no complications Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C- The worst movies of all-time; Trump isn’t a smart guy 3-6-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - What is wrong with a pitch clock, and where are MLB personalities, 3-6-17 Dale & Holley   Big games on tap for the Bruins, plus one of the strangest calls ever Weekend Shows   Danny Picard: What happened first the Patriots offer for Brandin Cooks or Adam Schefter's report that Patriots will not trade Jimmy G? 03-05-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 54: Richard Deitsch Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story For Pablo Sandoval, the silence of 2017 spring training is golden by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Chris Sale after allowing two runs in Red Sox spring... An undershirt-less Sam Travis continues to build on his... Latest Columns David Price and the Red Sox: Uneasy partners from the start In these days of instant gratification, spring training is one of our... Final Hou 5 Bos 5 Latest Audio Bradfo Sho, Ep. 14: A doctor's view of David Price's elbow... Bradfo Sho, Ep. 13: The man who the Red Sox got for Clay... Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story As is typically the case, don't expect Patriots to jump right into free... by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Admit it Patriots fans, you would cheer for Adrian Peterson Adrian Peterson reportedly would take team-friendly deal to... Latest Columns Patriots should look to draft Rob Gronkowski's replacement this A... Patriots keeping Jimmy Garoppolo in 2017 could have Tom Brady more mot... Latest Audio NFL SUNDAY...the final segment of the year -- 2-5-17 NFL SUNDAY...the final segment of the year -- 2-5-17 Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts When it comes to brutal losses, there aren’t many worse... Isaiah Thomas is a big fan of the Lakers’ Magic Johnson... Latest Columns Markelle Fultz vs. Lonzo Ball: The NBA draft question Danny Ainge... NBA deadline passes, Celtics stand pat, and it's time to get real... Final LAC 116 Bos 102 Latest Audio Kirk and Callahan- Celtics lose after Thomas mishandles the... Danny Picard gives his thoughts on the Celtics, the... Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Bruins GM Don Sweeney played deadline perfectly with Stafford trade by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Bruins struggle to play from behind once again in loss to... Bruins and Senators set to resume biggest series of the... Latest Columns Don't waste your time hoping for deadline deal from Bruins Buyers? Sellers? Bruins need to pick actual deadline direction Final Ott 4 Bos 2 Latest Audio Saturday Skate - Bruins and the All-Star break Saturday Skate - Firing Claude National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Tim Tebow to Start Wednesday's Spring Training Game vs. Red... World Baseball Classic 2017: Scores and Reaction from... NFL Adrian Peterson Rumors: RB Would Consider Pay Cut to Play... Julio Jones Has Surgery to Remove Bunion from Foot NBA Celtics vs. Clippers: Score, Highlights, Reaction from 2017... Kawhi Leonard Randomly Drug Tested by NBA After Hitting... NHL Joe Thornton Becomes 13th Player in NHL History to Record... Sergei Bobrovsky Sets Blue Jackets' Single-Season Wins... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Bruins Latest Audio  Francesa thinks women can't coach, 3-6-2017 The spring of Tebow, 3-6-2017 Would you cheer for Adrian Peterson?, 3-6-2017 Not a draft for QB needy teams, 3-6-2017 Big games on tap for the Bruins, plus one of the strangest... Popular Audio  K&C- Trump reaches a new low; Gerry thinks Moonlight is the... K&C- Isaiah Thomas drops the ball, Celtics lose on a buzzer... Latest Podcast  The Real K&C – Tomboys, Moonlight & headphone... Bradfo Sho, Ep. 14: A doctor's view of David Price's elbow... Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens says he's more concerned about team's play, not Isaiah Thomas Brad Stevens is happy with Avery Bradley's return » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Winc Monthly Wine Membership Station Events There are no events currently scheduled. Please check back soon or view photos from past events. » More Events Contests Bruins Coaching Clinic Get to your local AT&T Store (inside 95 ring) and find the text codeword to send to 37937 by noon on 3/20 to be entered to win a coaching clinic from the Bruins! Message... » More Contests Boston Red Sox New England Patrio.. NFL Bill Belichick Tom Brady Boston Celtics Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Dale, Holley and Keefe's Final Drive 03-06-17 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Dale, Holley and Keefe's Final Drive 03-06-17 Mar 7, 2017| We close out the program with Monday's best soundbites of the day. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Well drug cosponsored by air arrests restoration specialist regardless of the season a disaster Peter commercial residential or medical facility at any time you get an heiress disaster plan in place to make your client's employees or tenants are protected. Learn more errors served. Dot com they arrest. Operates at a high level really have a high level out of this though back to back him. Yeah I think identities yet absolutely. Big news Michael and WWE. Courtesy last night pay per view event we have a new WW we universal champion. That was the main event it lasted 42 seconds. There's two Mowlds. How much how much is the cost. I want now they haven't networks of ten dollars a month I sort of slumped in an Alley night and doing a tea but so I was if they supported by the sound like managed. Now and there's other stuff on the runway all wrestlers always get distracted and some. You just keep your focus that's that's the biggest probably small or they just took. The New York Knicks and their home court battle square garden did something unique yesterday. When the knicks host the Golden State for the entire first half there was zero in arena entertainment so no music no videos no sound effects. Nothing to basketball and while that didn't sit all that well with the warriors fear mongering. Sales of clothing it's. This is too. It's hard way. Yeah. We want in my home Rick Welts and almost didn't yeah. It's a it. Just. Do you want to. You don't go back to what was bad so it's hard. Bruce who could force is like going back. College do so. Yeah I don't think there's. Changeup that was his biggest thing is that person should as far as that goes is that's being all over whistles no rhythm to together when you. Although some way to do it doesn't believe in either group that's gossip about going to work. It's Arnold it's his coaching duties whose primary takes some sort of place. Truckers who doesn't exactly. Are so what was of what was that point of those islanders I ever heard about his and her dream on that they're athletic on the pathetic to there'll ahead this is how it used to be listened listened to a basketball it seem as bad. They are. On that Wear throwback jerseys some nights that is your taste of that here but do you like the music I mean I'm not a player but I don't I don't like. All the stuff that goes on much like the instant replays and things are an arena but I don't need all the music. Government in my old flame out yeah yeah. I hate that music bringing the ball yes and now I don't think about yeah I mean game guys yeah. I don't know. I don't lay explain saw obviously look legitimate music okay. That's a cancer aren't out of about Google and Annan. Until mentioned earlier this weekend area and it's on the horse coverage of the com by Deion Sanders told the story from us come by experiences. This is exactly how do you expect late eighties Deion Sanders to act. It was just chaos in the hope tails every all ages mr. on the grid view. The team just trying to grab you just people was in there period just trying to get next to secure your services and I remember back in into this room. And I was just I don't even know what was going up significantly from the people outside the to have the beating of giants. Room. And they sit me down and gave me like a big book and it was bigger than a phone book. That's what this this this this desire test that we give all the players Soledad. Hit up assist me. Pick do you have an address. This they hit the ball yeah we go to vote in us dollars. It is right. And I did you leave with right. Also to come on this weekend Bill Belichick and much of his staff were on hand to scout and would build those Willie McGinest covering the event on the sidelines. He made its way up to the FOR or broadcast Booth to surprise Willie. We got somebody wants an idea. Really any human approach this little item of interest usually I. Coach you know you you you pretty much VIP all over the place to stay. Out of an abundance of since I was in England in 96. The product for the secondary but. Legislation. You're you're you're doing. Doing pretty well where you right now. What's your best memory of go to fellowship and I think the best movers for a lot of guys this would be covered at a team meeting room those pop quiz. Well guys that you need to know the experience of history. We have a lot of veteran big time guards or come over. They just didn't enjoy those pop quiz two was what they learn they learn to be prepared and be ready for. Forget as critical have been oppressed are since 1996. And then he throws some of the differences and enhance the similarity is they're forgetting that analysts say 96 and 2017 while a conversation to continue with a few of the Paris favored Indianapolis memories you know well one of those numbers right here on this field. And you Mitt swords or stuff down there against colts. We knew. And the next year we opened with a and you made this act that took Vanderjagt out of field goal range and I think that's where we're able I'm on the they timeout two minutes visual on that but anyway. Yeah. The colts back to back two years in Rhode. Coaches go about talk about those calls stories here I don't know about the service because a little bit slower. Yeah this is another warm welcomes bottle of ultra low scores went on here only when I'm away from. Who do you trust we will ask us when something like Indianapolis they think everything through an you know through stuff but I mean yelled I mean anything else. Then I went for all four of them wanted to and I got some hot. Ever since then it's been a coach that this is yeah. Figure what to. What answer I don't know afford the one they don't get worked into and then they get one they got what I wanna I wanna have a get him they may they may. And probably got that they would lose. Those fourth of July pick all the time in the moment saying hey I like being aggressive. Probably I would like that yet go where every time a new one of these gathered of their a year ago we're no pun or necessarily that's when he was originally I thought our eyes off the elephant. I did this one under way to talk about we need your help out as we need to figure out what the heck the greatest of all Tom's talking about. As Michael Jordan made eight pregame appearance at this weekend UNC baffled him Chapel Hill. Jordan is there to announce a partnership between the Jordan Brandon UNC athletic including the football team. So short address the crowd and tipped his cap to the football team in then things got a little strange. Well yeah home. This is ahead this. To a great relationship. Yeah. Okay. And the group that. So. The seal yeah. The feeling is the roof my all I honestly thought Billy Crystal. What you think that means I have no idea the feeling is the rule late. Yes. The glory of the ground. And to. What why is that the ceiling the roof. You guys that are red tape which are dead. Don't don't dream big. Characteristic that aspect of ours or go this. The turf or what he met right realistic that's what he meant it this guy's an. In doing is openly. Today an effort one man's ceiling is another dance floor yeah. Which player has the higher ceiling lets players fire. Which players the higher rough. The lesson about tonight and come back tomorrow because. I I don't know lasted a keeper Madison highlight of the Mike Fritz a Saudi on what she was adamant that there will never be a female coach. In pro sports specifically head coach and manager alternatives there are friends from Comcast case and see. And weekends here in WEEI. Apparently heard the same audio. In trying wasn't happy about it. How difficult it would be on a female who managed forty Seidman. Oil or sixteen men you know how impossible that would be yea you're right you now. I ST I hit it girls tinier and brains and are now back on and just how can the price of lives the basketball. Ten answers swimming or football. How welcome you into roomful of command respect this just seems stupid this basically what you're saying these. We are inferior. And that Bob and can kind inning commander room and gain respect from a roomful of women there's no getting what can walking to a room. And garner the same level of respect. As a man do you know how impossible that would be how it is I still he's seen how is this this guy. Making still probably a mill two million dollars a year to be a more war warlords who receive from day one. I. Did it. Also asleep on the air is he still ol' lady can't even naked through a four hour show I'll pay a couple million dollars a year to be a moron and fall asleep and I showed too. It is continuing meet Mr. Big man with a penis and I can actually scale weight and offer it valuable opinion for for a couple hours given attract big guy. That's a return Mr. Big man with Edith. Edit I want that would drive Baghdad now I'd want to outright Kennedy in the an agent is not a college. So of difference lesbian a sexist and she he spoke all the BC now several times you've heard reported out to differences between her two. Yeah yeah I a big man with a penis and there's another problem. That it is now out of ground from the big man with the you know what the stuff as the sports Pope himself after being skewered by. National talk shows trainee columnist for his comments about women's coaches Mike decided. Opener showed today in address the issue while Mike monologue was pretty guarded and safe once the colors started jumping in that might revert to its old self. And actually went further than they did last week. Just talking in terms of practical terms here and the bottom line is. Might it happened once on I don't want guys that I said it would it's a million to one it's a million to one. That it would ever be successful it is eighty. Could somebody delivers a publicity stunt yes I mean that could always happen and that's what it would be unfortunately. Because that would be the reason because that person would not be the best candidate for the job they're far more qualified people from a pool. That would be 99.9. Percent male there would be more qualified people bend that person. You would put forth that would not be the most qualified person for the job I'm just sorry it wouldn't be I mean because. There is a level. At which the the mail coach has a million things open to want that the female coaches doesn't have open to it you know if they would don't really well the college level. It would show up on NBA level that not even have then there's nobody there on the college level. You have they would you know while his daddy. Tells you in terms of practical terms here are way. The bottom line is I don't might it. She edged out this role does happen make your point would be usable wasn't don't. Once again we tip our cap to at sports on council what are. Earth mining all the conference that's which had her love more throughout the week well I think it's okay public what you and the prediction by Friday. You know those friends that's. I apologize. Notice he said he tripled down today as he quadrupled out and he well he keeps getting calls then yes. Yet they're just keep it was getting worse he's not gonna apologize do you think you'll. No no way. As you know what he's wrong of appeal against the state of the station but he with quotes democracy every spot that guy about whether they would open the roof and Alice like he was adamant that like though the possibilities so if you are gonna back down from anything I really like change. I liars is we got to get out of it is available unit. There. Our final draft bill sponsored my cars for kids Tony cardinal what's out today schedule your free pick up at 877 cars for kids or cars for kids doc. I when you think about on the playoff games left into that big game for the Bruins your roots. Celtics late game against the clippers I think I can't figure out what the biggest game it might be. Bruins tonight. Or Red Sox tomorrow at 1 o'clock if they fueled game that spring training game tomorrow while we're gonna have a four year and it surprises to fix it man listen for the clothes bury the close throughout the game very subtle. Are we got mud at night coming in next on remind everybody that I rich keep will be joining him from six to seven in a month period. Or ten after that. All right that's thank you. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable03/06/17 11:20 pm EST As is typically the case, don't [..] - Ryan Hannable03/06/17 11:20 pm EST As is typically the case, don't expect Patriots to jump right into free [..] This is the week for NFL teams to make the big improvements necessary for the following [..] + John Tomase03/06/17 05:53 pm EST For Pablo Sandoval, the silence of [..] - John Tomase03/06/17 05:53 pm EST For Pablo Sandoval, the silence of 2017 spring training is golden WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. -- Here's how we know Pablo Sandoval's spring training is [..] + John Tomase03/06/17 12:29 am EST In Dueling with Kings, Dan [..] - John Tomase03/06/17 12:29 am EST In Dueling with Kings, Dan Barbarisi learns to swim with Daily Fantasy [..] Dan Barbarisi summoned me to Local 121, a mahogany-paneled Providence bar restored to [..] + Ryan Hannable03/05/17 10:30 pm EST Patriots should look to draft Rob [..] - Ryan Hannable03/05/17 10:30 pm EST Patriots should look to draft Rob Gronkowski's replacement this April Even though Rob Gronkowski will be just 28 years old next season, it's time to draft his [..] + John Tomase03/03/17 10:54 pm EST David Price and the Red Sox: [..] - John Tomase03/03/17 10:54 pm EST David Price and the Red Sox: Uneasy partners from the start David Price reached the gates of St. Peter on Friday, only to find his invitation [..] + Ryan Hannable03/01/17 11:27 pm EST Patriots keeping Jimmy Garoppolo [..] - Ryan Hannable03/01/17 11:27 pm EST Patriots keeping Jimmy Garoppolo in 2017 could have Tom Brady more motivated [..] If the Patriots do indeed keep Jimmy Garoppolo this offseason and go into 2017 with [..] + Big Bad Blog03/06/17 10:59 pm EST Bruins struggle to play from [..] - Big Bad Blog03/06/17 10:59 pm EST Bruins struggle to play from behind once again in loss to Senators Bad starts have not been common under Bruins interim head coach Bruce Cassidy. [..] + It Is What It Is03/06/17 10:58 pm EST Admit it Patriots fans, you would [..] - It Is What It Is03/06/17 10:58 pm EST Admit it Patriots fans, you would cheer for Adrian Peterson &#8220;If Aaron Hernandez could be let out on work release and score a [..] + It Is What It Is03/06/17 07:53 pm EST Adrian Peterson reportedly would [..] - It Is What It Is03/06/17 07:53 pm EST Adrian Peterson reportedly would take team-friendly deal to sign with Patriots There's a chance running back LeGarrette Blount will not re-sign with the [..] + Big Bad Blog03/06/17 06:43 pm EST Bruins and Senators set to resume [..] - Big Bad Blog03/06/17 06:43 pm EST Bruins and Senators set to resume biggest series of the season Do you remember what happened the last time the Bruins played the Senators? For [..] + The Mashup03/06/17 05:07 pm EST Mike Francesa doubles down: Hiring [..] - The Mashup03/06/17 05:07 pm EST Mike Francesa doubles down: Hiring woman coach would be ‘publicity stunt’ Wow. Francesa says if a woman got a NBA HC job, it would be a publicity stunt. [..] + Full Count03/06/17 02:37 pm EST Chris Sale after allowing two runs [..] - Full Count03/06/17 02:37 pm EST Chris Sale after allowing two runs in Red Sox spring training debut: ‘Happy? I don’t know’ WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Chris Sale's first Red Sox start is in the books. You [..] + Red Sox03/06/17 05:53 pm EST For Pablo Sandoval, the silence of [..] - Red Sox03/06/17 05:53 pm EST For Pablo Sandoval, the silence of 2017 spring training is golden WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. -- Here's how we know Pablo Sandoval's spring training is progressing [..] + Red Sox 03/03/17 10:54 pm EST David Price and the Red Sox: [..] - Red Sox 03/03/17 10:54 pm EST David Price and the Red Sox: Uneasy partners from the start David Price reached the gates of St. Peter on Friday, only to find his invitation momentarily [..] + Patriots03/06/17 11:20 pm EST As is typically the case, don't [..] - Patriots03/06/17 11:20 pm EST As is typically the case, don't expect Patriots to jump right into free agency This is the week for NFL teams to make the big improvements necessary for the following [..] + Patriots 03/05/17 10:30 pm EST Patriots should look to draft Rob [..] - Patriots 03/05/17 10:30 pm EST Patriots should look to draft Rob Gronkowski's replacement this April Even though Rob Gronkowski will be just 28 years old next season, it's time to draft his [..] + Bruins03/01/17 09:01 pm EST Bruins GM Don Sweeney played [..] - Bruins03/01/17 09:01 pm EST Bruins GM Don Sweeney played deadline perfectly with Stafford trade Deadline day is officially over for the Bruins, so let me be the rain for your parade and let [..] + Celtics02/27/17 11:58 pm EST Celtics have a major problem -- [..] - Celtics02/27/17 11:58 pm EST Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how to hit back Ready for some tough love, Celtics fans? Your C's are stumbling toward another early playoff [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Chennai Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events Elections 2017 ALL News » City News » Chennai News » Politics » Congress is a family-owned enterprise, says P Chidambaram's son Congress is a family-owned enterprise, says P Chidambaram's son TNN | Mar 7, 2017, 05.56 AM IST Karti Chidambaram CHENNAI: There is ample space for a new political party to emerge as existing political parties are familyowned enterprises and have shut their doors to the new generation of aspiring leaders, said former Union finance minister P Chidambaram's son Karti Chidambaram speaking at a forum called Generation 67 (G67). The meeting was organised to commemorate 50 years of Dravidian rule in Tamil Nadu. "Most of the regional and national parties, including Congress, have become private family properties and are beyond redemption.Thus, a newcomer who is interested in joining politics will not fit into any of these parties as he would have to praise the head or other leaders in the party," said Karti. Karti's G67 shot into limelight in April 2015 when he organized a meeting to take on then TNCC chief E V K S Elangovan. Elangovan promptly slapped a show cause notice on him for "anti-party activity and groupism". The action against Karti was later withdrawn Blaming all political parties for favouring only family members of their leaders, Karti said, "Has any political party invited people like Google CEO Sundar Pichai or an IIT topper to contest in elections? Whether it is Congress, BJP, DMK, AIADMK or any other political party in the North, all are family-controlled and an outsider has no chance". Stating that G67 is neither a forum nor a political party in the making, he said when Donald Trump can become President of US within a short period, anything can happen in Tamil Nadu too. "Did anyone predict that Jayalalithaa will die, the next in command (O Panneerselvam) will be expelled from party and the powerful woman in the party (V K Sasikala) will end up in prison? Thus anything will happen and I cannot predict as to what will happen to G67," said Karti. "After the Marina protests it is Neduvasal against extraction of hydrocarbon. In both these protests, people did not believe political parties to put forward their demands. It was their mobile phones which made people assemble at the designated place and political parties tried to tag on with their protests. This is the likely future in Tamil Nadu," said Karti. "When parties are campaigning for elections, there has to be a counter campaign.We need a platform like G67 to raise people's issues," said Karti. "On March 6, 1967 the chief minister who took charge was called Arignar Anna (C N Annadurai). But, the current chief minister is known by his native place. The 1967 cabinet had many stalwarts who used to oppose Anna and discuss issues. Who is there now?" Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Bollywood actresses who were former Miss India CRITICSUNION 20 richest people in the world SocialDaft Help this baby get treatment for liver cancer Milaap More from The Times of India Neil Nitin Mukesh gets engaged to Mumbai-based Rukmini Sahay The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Why India is still not adult about adultery From the Web More From The Times of India Top 10 most searched Bollywood actresses on the internetCRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the WorldMediaZoma Help this 5-month-old baby girl live!Milaap 7 superhit movies you won't believe Hritik Roshan rejected!CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the WorldMediaZoma ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Strip ease in Spain! Why did Sanjay Dutt's daughter meet his ex wife? In Pics: Bollywood supports Salman Khan Pics: Here's how Sussanne Khan celebrated her birthday Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular India v Australia: Renshaw laughs off Kohli's 'toilet' sledge Why is rape-accused minister still in your cabinet?: UP Governor writes to Akhilesh Yadav Indian-origin businessman shot dead in the US Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Watch: INS Viraat sails into retirement after glorious service of 30 years in the Navy After serving for a total of 57 years for two navies, the world's oldest aircraft carrier in active service, INS Viraat has been decommissioned. This marks the end of an era of Viraat - known as 'Mother' in the Indian and global naval circuit - being the flagship of the Indian Navy. The aircraft carrier spent 30 years in the Indian Navy and 27 years in the Royal Navy. As INS Virat retires from active service, the Navy may like to convert this giant into a museum or a hotel. Holi in Vrindavan: Children make beautiful rangoli to welcome Lord Krishna's procession Holi celebration in Vrindavan begins at least 10 days before the actual festival. The deities from two temples - Rangji temple and Rangdev temple are taken on separate processions through the town. From around the Web 20 Most followed instagram accounts (2017) SocialDaft! 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma 8-year-old Mohit won't survive without help! Milaap Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION More From The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing TOI Website Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Times of India Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends TOI Website Read MoreTNCCP ChidambaramKarti Chidambaram on congressKarti ChidambaramJayalalithaa Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Chennai Chennai Travel Guide How to reach Chennai Hotels in Chennai Restaurants in Chennai Places to visit in Chennai Things to do in Chennai Shopping in Chennai Weekend getaways from Chennai Itineraries Chennai Map Chennai Photos Haunted Places in Chennai Beaches In Chennai Download Chennai Travel Guide Chennai To Hyderabad Flights Chennai To Bangalore Flights Chennai To Pune Flights From our Global Partners Udhayachandran is new education secretary, Atulya to helm industries Who says Tamils don’t network, support each other TN NEET bills bad in law, Prez nod unlikely ‘Understand offender mind to prevent child sex abuse 1Congress is a family-owned enterprise, says P Chidambaram's son 2Udhayachandran is new education secretary, Atulya to helm industries 3Who says Tamils don’t network, support each other 4TN NEET bills bad in law, Prez nod unlikely 5‘Understand offender mind to prevent child sex abuse About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times | Recipes Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Cricket Score: India vs Australia Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Java Tutorial MWC 2017 Live Sikh man shot at in US Java Test Sunny Leone Suchitra tweet leak Suchitra Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Startup Hackathon * Startup Competition * Solano County Startup * More Tags... Industry News * Event * More Industries... News By Place * vallejo   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Small Business Development Center Bringing a 48 Hour Start-up Launch "Hackathon" to Solano County Think you can plan and launch a business in one weekend? Solano's Small Business Development Center is going to give you a chance to try doing exactly that during this two-day competition.     Influence. Lobbying. Advocacy.   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Startup Hackathon • Startup Competition • Solano County Startup Industry: • Event Location: • vallejo - California - US Subject: • EventsVALLEJO, Calif. - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- Folks living in any of Solano County's seven cities who think they have a viable idea for a business will want to be a part of a unique competition being offered by the county's Small Business Development Center (SBDC).  It's called 48 Hour Start-up Launch and is a business "hackathon" of sorts where participants will bring their toothbrushes, pillows and overnight bags and, with little rest, work for 48 hours to develop and present to the competition's judges their idea for the next great start-up, reminiscent of an Amazon or Google.  First and second place winners will be chosen and given a variety of business-related prizes. Two 48 Hour Start-up Launch events are planned – one for adults and one for young people ages 15 to 24.  They will take place the last two weekends of March with the one for adults set for March 17 through 19 and the one for youth, March 24 through 26. Both will be held at Solano Community College's Vallejo campus at 545 Columbus Parkway in the Bill Thurston building, starting at 4:30 pm on Friday and ending at 4:30 pm on Sunday, each weekend. Workshops are open to Solano County residents only. Preference will be given to low-income persons. Online registration and an application are required; walk-ins on the day of the meetings will not be accepted. Registration deadlines are March 13 for the first session and March 20 for the overnight youth boot camp. Food, drink and 24-hour facility security will be provided.Anyone interested should visit www.48hourstartuplaunch.com for a complete list of qualifications and to sign up. Registration and attendance are FREE. "This is an exciting project and I am happy to be a part of bringing it to Solano County," says K. Patrice Williams, owner of the advocacy firm BrandGOV and outreach coordinator for the two conferences. "The program's ultimate goal is to inspire innovation, nurture local entrepreneurs and help create local jobs."  Williams, an attorney, has also written curriculum for the workshops and will present a segment on the legal aspects of owning a business. The sessions will be facilitated by Michael P. Connelly, a former journalist and marketing professional and currently senior vice-president at Accucode, a national business-support tech firm. His background also includes having owned an award-winning newspaper and working as a chief marketing officer for a number of well-known brands such as Igloo, NASCAR, and GE Capital. Kelly Penwell, the associate dean for workforce development at Solano College, will also speak, as will a number of local business owners and representatives from financial institutions. Other items on the agendas for the overnight work-a-thons include developing a business and marketing plan; creating a budget; how to do branding and promotions; Small Business Administration financing; and the technology needs of a business, among many other topics and tasks.  Complete agendas can be found at www.48hourstartuplaunch.com . Forty-eight-hour business launch seminars have been held in some of California's larger cities, such as Los Angeles and San Diego, and internationally, but this is the first one in Solano County. For more information on the 48 Hour Start-up Launch events, please contact K. Patrice Williams at 707-557-7007 x700 or email Patrice@brandgov.com. # About The Solano Small Business Development Center The Solano Small Business Development Center (SBDC) is a nonprofit organization that provides expert no-cost advising, low cost workshops and training sessions designed to guide small businesses to success and accomplishment. It serves all of Solano County and is hosted by the Solano Community College District.  It is part of the Northern California SBDC network. About BrandGOV BrandGOV is a full service policy advocacy firm.   Its team of highly-experienced strategists understands the multifaceted nature of government affairs and policymaking and works with clients to protect their interests and create innovative programs in transportation, clean energy, healthcare, economic development, real estate development, affordable housing, international trade and insurance. The company's presence and relationships in local, county and state governments, allows it to serve as a forceful advocate for its clients. For more information on BrandGOV's areas of expertise, services and locations, please visit www.brandgov.com. Contact TLW Public Relations ***@tlwpublicrelations.com End Source : BrandGOV, Inc. Email : ***@tlwpublicrelations.com Tags : Startup Hackathon, Startup Competition, Solano County Startup Industry : Event Location : vallejo - California - United States Subject : Events Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse TLW Public Relations PRs Writers Plan Masterminds Panel Discussion and One-on-One Consultions for Writers Ready to Publish Writers Resource Center Holds Seminar on How to Edit, Rewrite and Proofread Manuscripts Writers Resource Center Kicks-Off New Year with a "Masterminds" Q&A Session Writers Plan Festive Holiday Celebration Writers Resource Center Plans an Interactive Writing Session Trending News Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine CharmPosh.com Unlocks OBP Best Family Vacation Spring Savings Energy Battery Group Reveals Dates and Venue for its Annual Meeting and Convention Lupus and the Blood- Educational Teleconference Cristo Rey Dallas College Prep Announces Kids vs. Contractors Soccer Match Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Yahoo Captain: Is it really an assistant and how does it work? Elyse Betters7 March 2017Apps Yahoo Captain is Yahoo's SMS-based digital assistant It works with all US carriers that accept SMS short codes Just text 'hi' to 773-786 to get started using Captain Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Despite a pending sale to Verizon and an investigation into its data breaches, Yahoo had the time to make an assistant. Called Captain, it's one of the cooler services Yahoo has put out in recent years. It's not a voice-activated assistant or anything like that. Instead, it is a new take on how we use artificial intelligence to manage our busy schedules. And you don't need to download or even use a dedicated app to take advantage of its useful features. You simply talk to Captain over text. Here's everything you need to know about it. Yahoo confirms state-sponsored hack: Were you affected? Yahoo: What is Captain? Captain is an SMS-based digital assistant, though Yahoo has described it as "a bot assistant that streamlines family logistics through text  without downloading any app". It primarily combines text with group reminders and shared shopping lists in real-time. Yahoo: So, Captain is an assistant? Although it is considered an assistant, Captain is obviously not as powerful as Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa or Google Assistant. The neatest thing about the service is that it acts as an intermediary between you and other people in your family. The point here is to lessen some of the burden around having to manage your life, your spouse's schedule, and your kids' activities. For instance, you can text Captain to remind your husband that your daughter needs to be picked up at 3pm, and it'll also remind your daughter that her dad is coming to get her soon. Yahoo said Captain helps your family stay organized by keeping shared reminders, grocery lists, to-do lists, and more for your entire family. You can learn more from the Yahoo Captain website. Yahoo: How does Captain work? Getting started Simply text “hi” to the number 773-786 to get started using Captain. You'll then have to accept the terms, and then Captain will walk you through how to update a shared shopping list, set reminders, and add family members to the group. Invite members To invite family members, text “add member [name]” to 773-786. For instance, you can text “add member Stuart”, and then Captain will send you the instructions to invite Stuart to the group. You can learn more about adding family members here. Reminders and shared lists Your family can add, remove, and query shared lists and reminders through text messages. You can, for instance, text Captain at 776-786 to set up a timed reminder for your son to pick up the dry cleaning on Sunday. See the full list of supported commands here. Yahoo: Where is Captain available? Captain works with all US mobile carriers that accept SMS short codes. Yahoo: Does Captain cost anything? Captain is free to use. However, standard text rates apply. If you have unlimited texting, you shouldn’t see any charges for using Captain. Yahoo: Is this safe? Yahoo recently admitted to two massive data breaches, so you're probably wondering if Captain is safe. The first thing to keep in mind is that Captain is used entirely through text messaging, so there’s no Yahoo account required. Captain will also only share your list and reminders with people in your group. It does collect information that you provide to set up profiles, including names, phone numbers, and email addresses, but it only keeps "anonymised user dialogs for training models and product improvements". Also, although Captain doesn't integrate with any other calendar, list, or reminder app, it does store your family’s shopping list and shared reminders. See the Security at Yahoo webpage more information about Yahoo's various security steps. Want to know more? Check out Captain's FAQ page. Sections Yahoo Apps Source: Yahoo Captain Yahoo Captain: Is it really an assistant and how does it work? Facebook is testing a dislike button and other reactions in Messenger Google just made Assistant a much more prominent feature in Allo Google Assistant tips and tricks: Master your Android assistant Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint Yahoo Captain: Is it really an assistant and how does it work? Facebook is testing a dislike button and other reactions in Messenger Google just made Assistant a much more prominent feature in Allo Google Assistant tips and tricks: Master your Android assistant What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? What is YouTube TV, which channels does it offer, and how does it work? 30 famous Photoshopped and doctored images from across the ages Google is making a desktop version of its Allo chat app - see it here Instagram albums: How to share multiple pics and videos in one post Pokemon Go evolutions: Special items and how to evolve Polytoed, Slowking, Bellossom, Steelix and more Fitbit Alta HR vs Charge 2: What's the difference? Samsung's Galaxy Note 8 has the codename... wait for it... 'Great' Nintendo Switch: Price, specs and everything you need to know Sonos PlayBase vs PlayBar: What's the difference? Best upcoming smartphones: The phones to look forward to in 2017 Incredible Samsung Galaxy S8 pic leak show huge screen and Dual Pixel camera Fitbit Alta HR vs Alta vs Flex 2: What's the difference? Asus ZenBook 3 review: A super-thin MacBook killer? Amazon Fire tips and tricks: Making the most of your Amazon tablet Meet Sedric: Volkswagen's self-driving lounge car of tomorrow Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow If these are the Galaxy S8 performance numbers, then we have questions 2.8k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? A fan concept of what the Galaxy S8 could look like. Image: steel drake/mashable By Raymond Wong2017-03-03 20:10:48 UTC The pieces of the Galaxy S8 puzzle are finally coming together.  We're already pretty sure this is what Samsung's Galaxy S8 will look like when it's announced on March 29, and now we may know how fast it'll be. SEE ALSO: New leaked photos show the full display of Samsung's Galaxy S8 Though it shouldn't be taken as representative of the final shipping version, the first benchmarks for the Galaxy S8+ (that's the one with the larger screen) have reportedly been logged into Geekbench, a popular tool for benchmarking a device's processor and memory. By themselves, the scores are meaningless. But when compared with the iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel XL and the Galaxy S7/S7 Edge/Galaxy Note 7 (RIP), we can get an idea of just how much more performance to expect (or not expect). According to the Geekbench tests, the Galaxy S8+ (SM-G955U) and its Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chip scored a 1,929 on the single-core test and a 6,084 on the multi-core test. It bests out the Galaxy S7 and its Snapdragon 820 chip, which is the the current top-performing Android phone with a 1,786 single-core and 5,210 multi-core score. The Pixel XL's got a slightly faster Snapdragon 821 chip than the S7/S7 Edge, but it fares worse than the S7 and S8+ with a 1,577 single-core and 4,020 multi-core scores. Apps that use multiple cores, like 3D games, should run smoother on the S8+ than iPhone 7. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, however, are a different story. With scores of 3,295 and 3,305, respectively, the iPhone 7/7 Plus's A10 Fusion chip blows the S8+ out of the water on the single-core test. The only test the S8+ seems to beat — again, assuming the tests are accurate and the performance isn't throttled before its launch — the iPhone 7/7 Plus is on the multi-core test: 6,084 versus 5,406 (iPhone 7 Plus) and 5,382 (iPhone 7). If you're looking at all these numbers and wondering what the hell they mean and whether or not any of it matters...the answer is yes and no. Without getting too nerdy, the single-core score tells you how fast a device is able to perform one task at a time and the multi-core score tells you how well it's able to juggle multiple tasks at a time. While this technically means the iPhone 7 might be faster than the S8+, apps that use multiple cores, like 3D games, should run smoother on the S8+. Multitasking should also be faster on the S8+. That said, of course the S8+ will be faster than the S7. Benchmark scores are a good synthetic way to see how a phone stacks up against others, but real life usage (i.e. how good the cameras are, sound quality, etc.) matters more and these numbers won't tell you anything about that stuff. BONUS: Turn selfies into latte art with this magical machine Topics: Gadgets, galaxy s8, iPhone 7, iphone 7 plus, Mobile, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Entertainment Like Follow Follow 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend' creator Rachel Bloom talks dream guest, favorite song of the season 400 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Want to be our best friend, Rachel Bloom? Image: Getty Images By Saba Hamedy2017-03-03 22:32:53 UTC Attention Beyonce: Rachel Bloom is ready to be your "funny friend." The star and co-creator of The CW's Crazy Ex-Girlfriend said the musician — whose Lemonade inspired the show's "Love Kernels" song — is certainly a dream guest. Though mostly a dream friend. "There are a lot of dream guests but I'm also so happy with our cast that it's already a dream," Bloom said on the phone. "[But] my offer is out in the world: If Beyonce needs the funny friend i’m completely willing to be her court jester." The musical comedy, which debuted on The CW in October 2015, follows a Manhattan lawyer named Rebecca Bunch (Bloom) who impulsively moves across the country to where her old camp boyfriend Josh Chan (Vincent Rodriguez III) lives after they have a chance encounter.  The second season soundtrack — which has 39 songs (including demos and cut songs) — debuted Friday on Apple Music and iTunes. It is expected to launch later on Spotify, Amazon and Google Play.  The Season 2 album for #CrazyExGirlfriend is out now! pic.twitter.com/S6l2MlWJxX — Rachel Bloom (@Racheldoesstuff) March 3, 2017 Mashable caught up with Bloom on Thursday to talk about her favorite numbers from Season 2 and what to expect from Season 3 (no spoilers!). SEE ALSO: 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend' boss explains that literal cliffhanger in the Season 2 finale OK, let's start off with a tough question. Do you have a favorite song of the season? Or one that was the most fun to bring to life? Bloom: From a personal writing and performance level was "The Math of Love Triangles." I"m really happy about that song and proud of it. I think the show for so long has been centered on this love triangle [between Rebecca, Josh and Greg] so to get underneath that was really really cool and fun for us.  Another song I love is "Tell Me I'm Okay." I had a hand in writing that but the premise was [show co-creator] Aline [Brosh McKenna]. I just think it's a really great ballad and sounds invertedly Sondheim-y.  This season there were some pretty raunchy songs like "We Tapped That Ass" and "It Was a S—t Show." Does CW ever say no to certain songs?  Bloom: Those songs are also up there with two of my favorites. They are really really raunchy — talk about a writing highpoint.   I had the idea for "We Tapped That Ass" for a long time. I knew we should do a number with Josh and Greg sort of saying 'we f—d you here" and throwing it in Rebecca's face all the places they f—d her. Then when brainstorming we were coming up with funny puns and Jack Dolgen [songwriter] was like ‘we tapped that ass’ We said, 'Jack, you brilliant asshole how did we not think of that already?' It was such a moment of triumph finding that nugget of this is what that song is about.  Jack is our resident punster, and that was a moment of pun triumph.    Can you talk about the decision to have former Jersey Boy actor Eric Michael Roy embody the Santa Ana Winds as a narrator/singer. Image: cw Bloom: We had been wanting to do maybe a Frankie Valli Four Seasons number. I happen to be in the writers room for the brainstorming of this episode — more than I normally am for episodes that are mid-season — and we were thinking about what could be a song for the wind. I just started singing around the room that the winds song like "wheeee." That was the genesis of it. I was born and raised in California and then lived in New York for quite some time so my references are either SoCal or New York. When it comes [to] the song all you can do is be specific about the joke of Santa Ana Winds and hope other people will like it. This season Brittany Snow also guest starred as Josh's new girlfriend, a song that inspired "Research Me Obsessively" which is sort of a cyberstalking serenade. Bloom: We wanted a musical number that Brittany Snow would sing that would take place in Rebecca and Valencia's mind. It's about obsession with the girl whose dating the guy you love. Valencia's song from Season 1 "Good at Yoga" is kind of a seduction song but it's more of a put down song so we thought, 'Why don't we do a straight up seduction song where Brittany Snow's character is luring them into her trap?!' It was such a fun song. I draw on my own life and shameful things I do in my life. I definitely looked one time for a crush’s parents house on Google just out of curiosity. With the internet you can immerse yourself in someone. That was inherent in even our initial pitch of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, like now with the internet you never have to forget your obsession. You can immerse yourself in your obsession 24/7, it doesn’t get you any closer to them emotionally but gives you [the] sense of being close.   Will there be more Spice Girls-esque songs from the "Friendtopia" given Rebecca’s newfound goal of revenge?   Bloom: Yes - Aline and I are right now writing the third season, and these are all questions we are asking ourselves. We know the shape of the season, and rest of the series, but there are many different ways to play it out. Next season we will continue this idea of how Rebecca has created this girl squad for herself but has not been entirely honest with them.  When you are writing a two-hour musical, there's a main song for characters. For us, every season is kind of like a restart. We are writing with a slightly different lens but still we have given characters their main songs and their philosophy song. There is always the challenge of how do we keep doing new shit. Is there a formula for a perfect song for the show? Bloom: Once we find the hook, which is basically the title for the song. It’s like writing the essay: what’s the thesis statement of your essay? Once we find that hook, things tend to snowball. Soundtrack coming soon to Amazon, Google Play and Spotify, and yes, we hope to do album commentary again! — Rachel Bloom (@Racheldoesstuff) March 3, 2017 BONUS: Crazy Ex-Girlfriend clip Topics: crazy ex-girlfriend, Entertainment, Music, rachel bloom, the cw, Television About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Snapchat is still rallying — here's how long it takes on average for a hot IPO to crash Akin Oyedele Mar. 3, 2017, 11:33 AM 8,792 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   Snap continued to rally Friday, a day after it staged the largest public debut of the year. In its first two trading sessions, the Snapchat parent has gained as much as 69% above the $17 price of its initial public offering. Analysts and investors are continuing to question whether the company is overvalued and how much ad-revenue share it will be able to steal from digital giants like Facebook and Google. The enthusiasm around Snap could last at least a few more weeks if the history of major IPOs repeats itself. "Our composite path of the largest 20 IPOs shown below projects a peak 38 trading days (two months) after the first trade date on average followed by a substantial four-month decline," said Tom Leveroni and Shourui Tian of Nautilus Investment Research in a note. Their composite includes Goldman Sachs' 1999 debut and Alibaba's offering in 2014. They added that the issuing companies and investment banks had been quite good at selling near the market tops. Nautilus Investment Research "It's well accepted that investors are overpaying for Snap based on expected sales and earnings, but it doesn't seem to matter," Jasper Lawler, a senior market analyst at London Capital Group, said in a note. "With such exuberance in the marketplace, Snap's timing is impeccable." Snap's surge in the past two days has created flashbacks of other large tech IPOs. Twitter opened at $45.10, 73% above its initial offering price in November 2013. It peaked two months later before dropping below its IPO price. Investors who bought at the debut and haven't sold are down 62% amid slow user adoption and executive departures from Twitter. Conversely, Facebook fell below its offering price the day after it went public in May 2012. But it's up 257% from its debut. Interest in Snap's shares could remain high amid media coverage and more investor demand, said Ihor Dusaniwsky, the head of research at S3 Partners. But short interest — a gauge of whether investors think the stock price will fall — is likely to increase, too. "We expect that 10% to 20% of the initial offering will be shorted in the first week of trading, which roughly translates into $500 million to $1 billion of short interest right from the start," Dusaniwsky said. Get the latest Snap stock price here. SEE ALSO: Snap surges 44% in its stock market debut — after an IPO that made its 20-something founders multibillionaires Follow Markets Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Markets Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Snapchat Snap IPO Nautilus Investment Research Chart Of The Day facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Snapchat is still rallying — here's how long it takes on average for a hot IPO to crash Snapchat is still rallying — here's how long it takes on average for a hot IPO to crash Snap continued to rally Friday, a day after it... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Online Learning Update March 7, 2017 Google Debuts Troll-Fighting AI Tool to Moderate Online Comments Filed under: Online Learning News — Ray Schroeder @ 12:05 am By Sri Ravipati, Campus Technology Trolls are commonplace online, with close to a third of American internet users witnessing harassment online and nearly half personally experiencing it. To help combat internet trolls, Google’s technology incubator Jigsaw and Counter Abuse Technology Team last Friday launched Perspective, “an early-stage technology that uses machine learning to help identify toxic comments,” according to the blog post announcement. Perspective works by reviewing comments and scoring them based on how similar they are to comments that are typically considered negative or “toxic,” the blog post explained. “To learn how to spot potentially toxic language, Perspective examined hundreds of thousands of comments that had been labeled by human reviewers. Each time Perspective finds new examples of potentially toxic comments, or is provided with corrections from users, it can get better at scoring future comments.” https://campustechnology.com/articles/2017/02/27/google-debuts-troll-fighting-ai-tool-to-moderate-online-comments.aspx Share on Facebook Comments Off No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Sorry, the comment form is closed at this time. Pages: About About Ray Ray's Home Page Blogs & Tweets by Ray Educational Technology Recession Reality Techno-News Twitter Ray Schroeder Email blog updates Daily Email Updates-Free Daily Email Updates-Free RSS Feed by FeedBurner UIS Links Center for Online Learning, Research and Service Online Programs UIS Home ~Blog data A Site Meter Categories: Online Learning News Search: Archives: March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 Meta: Log in RSS Comments RSS Valid XHTML XFN WP Powered by WordPress
Bryan Suits, Decorated Combat Veteran, Military Expert, and L.A. Radio Talk-Show Host, Will Move His Online Home to the New Digital Media Network, TheMaven Bryan Suits: defense and intelligence analyst, KFI Radio/Los Angeles (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Bryan Suits: defense and intelligence analyst, KFI Radio/Los Angeles (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 07, 2017 03:01 AM Eastern Standard Time SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TheMaven Network’s growing coalition of independent journalists is expanding into defense, intelligence and foreign affairs with the addition of Bryan Suits, a radio talk-show host, Fox Business regular and decorated combat veteran whose cutting-edge information and analyses offer unparalleled insight into events around the globe. “TheMaven is the advanced platform I’ve been waiting for,” said Suits, who is a mainstay on Los Angeles’ KFI Radio, the most-listened-to station in America. “I’ll now be able to seamlessly blend my work as a reporter and analyst with my podcast and social media following.” “TheMaven reflects how the world of communication has evolved in the way we use social media and smartphones to consume, share and create. My program on TheMaven will bridge professional analysis with group interaction on a platform for the modern age.” Expanding on the “Dark Secret Place” brand that he has built at KFI Radio, Suits plans to launch his own channel on TheMaven (symbol MVEN) in April. Suits’ ability to quickly gather and analyze intelligence from war zones and conflicts around the world has been praised by an array of special operations forces personnel and he has become a sought-after analyst by major media outlets. His predictive analyses of events in Syria, Libya and Yemen, among other places, have proven spot on. He uses a combination of high-tech social media filtering and traditional sources around the globe to secure real-time information. “Consumers have become the targets of unapologetic, link-bait profiteering instead of actual journalism. So we’re focused on building a coalition of elite, authentic, independent media reporters, analysts and conversation leaders,” said James Heckman, CEO and founder of TheMaven. “With this goal in mind, Bryan works only in facts, his information-gathering skills are extraordinary, and he possesses a unique ability to analyze events and share his insights in a clear, powerful way. He’s also downright witty and entertaining to listen to.” Suits is a decorated combat veteran who served our nation in three conflicts: Desert Storm, Bosnia, and Iraqi Freedom and was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart while serving in Iraq. He began broadcasting on KFI in Los Angeles in 2007 following previous stops in San Diego, Seattle, Portland and Salt Lake City. TheMaven is an expert-driven, group media network whose state-of-the-art platform serves, by invitation-only, professional, independent channel partners. By providing broader distribution, greater community engagement, and efficient advertising and membership programs, TheMaven enables partners to focus on the key ingredients to their business: creating, informing, sharing, discovering, leading and interacting with the communities and constituencies they serve. TheMaven Network will launch this quarter in beta as channel partner signings continue to be announced. For more information, visit themaven.net. Based in Seattle, TheMaven is publicly traded in the OTC Markets Group, under the ticker symbol MVEN. Key members of the team include: Founder and CEO James Heckman has extensive experience in digital media, advertising, video and online communities for major public companies and several times as founder. He served as Head of Global Media Strategy for Yahoo!, leading all significant transactions and revenue strategy under Ross Levinsohn’s tenure. As Chief Strategy Officer at Fox Digital, he architected the market-changing, $900 million social media ad alliance between Google and Myspace and was instrumental in Hulu’s formation. Prior to Yahoo!, Mr. Heckman was founder/CEO of 5to1.com (sold to Yahoo!), CSO of Zazzle.com, Founder/CEO of Scout.com (sold to Fox), Founder/CEO of Rivals.com and Rivals.net (sold to Yahoo!, post tenure and 365-Sports, respectively) and held the position of President and Publisher of NFL Exclusive, official publication for every NFL team. Heckman holds a BA in Communications from the University of Washington. Co-founder and COO, William Sornsin ran MSN's Core Technology team before joining Rivals as co-founder and CTO in 1999, co-founded Scout.com as CTO/COO; was VP Engineering & Operations at Fox Interactive Media after Scout acquisition. Earlier, Sornsin held a variety of product and program management roles at Microsoft. He holds a BS Electrical/Computer Engineering from the University of Iowa and an MBA from UCLA. Co-founder and CTO Benjamin Joldersma’s career spans nearly two decades of large-scale platform development, including CTO and chief architect of Scout.com. Ben held the role of Senior software engineer, Geo/Imagery at Google, a Principal Software Engineer at Yahoo!, Chief Architect at 5to1 and held senior engineering roles at aQuantive, Rivals.com and Microsoft. Ben studied Computer Science at University of Puget Sound. Director, Ross Levinsohn is a leading industry figure who has long focused on the convergence of technology and media. He served as CEO at Yahoo in 2012 and prior to that role was Executive Vice President, Americas and Head of Global Media from 2010 to 2012. Levinsohn served as President of Fox Interactive where he helped create one of the largest digital businesses amongst the traditional media companies, and was instrumental in the formation of what is now Hulu. He serves on several public and private media and technology boards, including Tribune Media, mobile advertising marketplace YieldMo, Vubiquity, Zefr, and the National Association of Television Program Executives. He was Executive Chairman and Director of Scout Media, Inc. from 2014-2016, previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Guggenheim Digital Media and co-founded 5to1 Holding Corp, serving as its Executive Chairman. He co-founded Fuse Capital in 2005 and served as its Managing Director and Managing Partner. He served as General Manager at AltaVista Network and Vice President of Programming and Executive Producer at CBS Sportsline. Mr. Levinsohn received a BA in Broadcast Communications from American University, and is a trustee there. Contacts TheMaven Network Inc. Gretchen Bakamis, 206-715-6660 Release Summary Bryan Suits, decorated combat veteran, military expert, and L.A. radio talk-show host, will move his online home to the new digital media network, TheMaven Contacts TheMaven Network Inc. Gretchen Bakamis, 206-715-6660 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News DNS Made Easy Now Supports CAA Records In the past, HTTPS secured domains have been compromised due to certification misuse. CAA records have the ability to prevent this at the time of certification issuance. Reston, VA (PRWEB) March 07, 2017 Tiggee subsidiary, DNS Made Easy, announces support for CAA (Certificate Authority Authorization) records, which can improve the security of domains during the certification process. This record type allows the domain name holder to specify one of or more CAs (Certificate Authorities) to issue certificates for that domain, according to RFC 6844. “Any client using SSL certificates to secure their domain is advised to configure CAA records to safeguard their security,” says President of DNS Made Easy Steven Job. “In the past, HTTPS secured domains have been compromised due to certification misuse. CAA records have the ability to prevent this at the time of certification issuance.” CAA records seek to solve this issue by declaring the domain owner’s preferred CA, eliminating the risk of false CAs from issuing fake certificates. CAA records must be created before application for certificates are made. CAA records can be customized to specify wild card domains and receive emails when CAs find certificate policy violations. Websites that are looking to use HTTPS, but have not configured CAA records are putting themselves and their clients at risk. In the past, malicious parties were able to distribute malware, intercept secure traffic, and sell illegitimate certificates because websites weren’t able to declare their preferred CA. CAA records prevent this from happening, because domain administrators can specify the exact CA that is authoritative for issuing their domain’s certificates. Domain security has growing implications according to news from Google that is now considering HTTPS is a ranking signal. Domain administrators need to switch to HTTPS, because in the near future Google will consider HTTP domains as insecure and penalize them in search results. Domain owners that make the switch to HTTPS should also add the appropriate CAA record(s) to ensure security. Full documentation for DNS Made Easy configuration of CAA records can be found on their help site. About DNS Made Easy DNS Made Easy is a subsidiary of Tiggee, and is a world leader in providing global IP Anycast enterprise DNS services. DNS Made Easy implemented the industry’s first triple independent Anycast cloud architecture for maximum DNS speed and DNS redundancy. Originally launched in 2002, DNS Made Easy’s services have grown to manage hundreds of thousands of customer domains receiving more than 30 billion queries per day. Today, DNS Made Easy builds on a proud history of uptime and is the preferred DNS hosting choice for most major brands, especially companies that compare price and performance of enterprise IP Anycast alternatives. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, Industry, major, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IHRSA Show Premier Launch of Breakthrough Self-Automated Hot Massage™ Cocoon POD System Next PostNext Vizor Software announced as one of Ireland’s Best Managed Companies Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET Why China Opposes Thaad in South Korea 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Bryan Suits, Decorated Combat Veteran, Military Expert, and L.A. Radio Talk-Show Host, Will Move His Online Home to the New Digital Media Network, TheMaven By Published: Mar 7, 2017 3:01 a.m. ET Share SEATTLE, Mar 07, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- TheMaven Network’s growing coalition of independent journalists is expanding into defense, intelligence and foreign affairs with the addition of Bryan Suits, a radio talk-show host, Fox Business regular and decorated combat veteran whose cutting-edge information and analyses offer unparalleled insight into events around the globe. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170307005644/en/ “TheMaven is the advanced platform I’ve been waiting for,” said Suits, who is a mainstay on Los Angeles’ KFI Radio, the most-listened-to station in America. “I’ll now be able to seamlessly blend my work as a reporter and analyst with my podcast and social media following.” “TheMaven reflects how the world of communication has evolved in the way we use social media and smartphones to consume, share and create. My program on TheMaven will bridge professional analysis with group interaction on a platform for the modern age.” Expanding on the “Dark Secret Place” brand that he has built at KFI Radio, Suits plans to launch his own channel on TheMaven (symbol MVEN) in April. Suits’ ability to quickly gather and analyze intelligence from war zones and conflicts around the world has been praised by an array of special operations forces personnel and he has become a sought-after analyst by major media outlets. His predictive analyses of events in Syria, Libya and Yemen, among other places, have proven spot on. He uses a combination of high-tech social media filtering and traditional sources around the globe to secure real-time information. “Consumers have become the targets of unapologetic, link-bait profiteering instead of actual journalism. So we’re focused on building a coalition of elite, authentic, independent media reporters, analysts and conversation leaders,” said James Heckman, CEO and founder of TheMaven. “With this goal in mind, Bryan works only in facts, his information-gathering skills are extraordinary, and he possesses a unique ability to analyze events and share his insights in a clear, powerful way. He’s also downright witty and entertaining to listen to.” Suits is a decorated combat veteran who served our nation in three conflicts: Desert Storm, Bosnia, and Iraqi Freedom and was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart while serving in Iraq. He began broadcasting on KFI in Los Angeles in 2007 following previous stops in San Diego, Seattle, Portland and Salt Lake City. TheMaven is an expert-driven, group media network whose state-of-the-art platform serves, by invitation-only, professional, independent channel partners. By providing broader distribution, greater community engagement, and efficient advertising and membership programs, TheMaven enables partners to focus on the key ingredients to their business: creating, informing, sharing, discovering, leading and interacting with the communities and constituencies they serve. TheMaven Network will launch this quarter in beta as channel partner signings continue to be announced. For more information, visit themaven.net. Based in Seattle, TheMaven is publicly traded in the OTC Markets Group, under the ticker symbol MVEN. Key members of the team include: Founder and CEO James Heckman has extensive experience in digital media, advertising, video and online communities for major public companies and several times as founder. He served as Head of Global Media Strategy for Yahoo!, leading all significant transactions and revenue strategy under Ross Levinsohn’s tenure. As Chief Strategy Officer at Fox Digital, he architected the market-changing, $900 million social media ad alliance between Google and Myspace and was instrumental in Hulu’s formation. Prior to Yahoo!, Mr. Heckman was founder/CEO of 5to1.com (sold to Yahoo!), CSO of Zazzle.com, Founder/CEO of Scout.com (sold to Fox), Founder/CEO of Rivals.com and Rivals.net (sold to Yahoo!, post tenure and 365-Sports, respectively) and held the position of President and Publisher of NFL Exclusive, official publication for every NFL team. Heckman holds a BA in Communications from the University of Washington. Co-founder and COO, William Sornsin ran MSN's Core Technology team before joining Rivals as co-founder and CTO in 1999, co-founded Scout.com as CTO/COO; was VP Engineering & Operations at Fox Interactive Media after Scout acquisition. Earlier, Sornsin held a variety of product and program management roles at Microsoft. He holds a BS Electrical/Computer Engineering from the University of Iowa and an MBA from UCLA. Co-founder and CTO Benjamin Joldersma’s career spans nearly two decades of large-scale platform development, including CTO and chief architect of Scout.com. Ben held the role of Senior software engineer, Geo/Imagery at Google, a Principal Software Engineer at Yahoo!, Chief Architect at 5to1 and held senior engineering roles at aQuantive, Rivals.com and Microsoft. Ben studied Computer Science at University of Puget Sound. Director, Ross Levinsohn is a leading industry figure who has long focused on the convergence of technology and media. He served as CEO at Yahoo in 2012 and prior to that role was Executive Vice President, Americas and Head of Global Media from 2010 to 2012. Levinsohn served as President of Fox Interactive where he helped create one of the largest digital businesses amongst the traditional media companies, and was instrumental in the formation of what is now Hulu. He serves on several public and private media and technology boards, including Tribune Media, mobile advertising marketplace YieldMo, Vubiquity, Zefr, and the National Association of Television Program Executives. He was Executive Chairman and Director of Scout Media, Inc. from 2014-2016, previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Guggenheim Digital Media and co-founded 5to1 Holding Corp, serving as its Executive Chairman. He co-founded Fuse Capital in 2005 and served as its Managing Director and Managing Partner. He served as General Manager at AltaVista Network and Vice President of Programming and Executive Producer at CBS Sportsline. Mr. Levinsohn received a BA in Broadcast Communications from American University, and is a trustee there. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170307005644/en/ SOURCE: TheMaven Network Inc."> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@theMavenNet TheMaven Network Inc. Gretchen Bakamis, 206-715-6660 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The U.S. government changed H-1B visa rules. Here's what it means for tech CNBC Anita Balakrishnan 4 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 tips for saving money at Costco and big box stores Donald Trump's superyacht and other billionaire boats Click to expand Replay Video Ivanka Trump tackles child care CNBC's Ylan Mui reports on Ivanka Trump's push for child care tax credits. CNBC Navigation apps are causing trouble for city planners The rise of navigation apps is causing problems for city planners due drivers being re-routed to residential areas. CNBC GM bets smaller is better Its sale of its European operations is the biggest step in GM's drive to become smaller but more profitable. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO H-1B visas in jeopardy CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ivanka Trump tackles child care CNBC1:34 Navigation apps are causing trouble for city planners CNBC0:47 GM bets smaller is better Reuters1:28 Buying music vs. streaming: Which is better and why Wochit Tech0:38 Why Canada wants to move quickly on NAFTA talks Bloomberg4:15 Must-know credit card benefits The Wall Street Journal.0:39 Things that make your car insurance cost more MoneyTalksNews1:46 These toys are made in the US CNN Money1:16 India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand Reuters1:37 Four tips for tax season The Wall Street Journal.0:43 The wackiest certifications you can get The Washington Post1:48 Virtual currency is now worth more than gold Wochit Business0:56 A typo at Amazon caused the internet to crash Veuer0:43 Secret Uber program reportedly let drivers avoid authorities for years Newsy1:14 No bonus for Mayer after millions of Yahoo hacks Reuters0:50 The Rust Belt gave Trump his victory. Now these voters want jobs. CNN Money9:41 UP NEXT U.S. immigration authorities suspended a program last Friday that expedited visas for skilled workers — a darling class of workers in the tech community. Quotes in the article International Business Machines Corp IBM ▲ 180.47 +0.42 +0.23% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 846.61 -3.27 -0.38% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▲ 64.27 +0.02 +0.03% Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 139.34 -0.44 -0.31% AdChoices Despite stoking tension in tech companies, it's a relatively routine decision that's happened under administrations past. But it is missing one key piece of information — a timeline— and that could impact businesses. What has changed? "Premium processing" of H-1B visas, which allowed skilled workers to pay extra to request faster approval to work in the U.S., will no longer be available starting April 3, immigration authorities announced. That basically means all applicants will have to wait the standard period to see if they have won the "lottery," without the option to pay an extra $1,225 filing fee for guaranteed answer after 15 days. Essentially, the government is shifting around which administrative tasks they'll tackle first, said said immigration attorney Rajiv Khanna. "This is not new for anybody. Last year they did the same thing," Khanna said. "It simply means a diversion of resources toward other programs that lack resources." Indeed, last year immigration authorities said they were delaying premium processing until May 16. But this year's announcement gives a six-month window, not a specific date, for the premium processing delay. © Provided by CNBC That's where things get tricky. "At least last year, we knew that by May, the premium track would kick in. It's fair for them to want a month, because they get this flood of applications and go through the lottery process. Getting a month is reasonable," said attorney Piyumi Samaratunga. "[Now] we don't know if it will be implemented in May or at all." For highly skilled foreign nationals hoping to work in the U.S., the H-1B visa program was already a gamble, as a relatively small number of spots are allocated through a lottery process. Almost all H-1B visa workers start working in October, and that won't change, Khanna said. H-1B visas applicants must apply six months in advance of their start date — meaning an April 1 application for an Oct.1 start date. Indeed, last year, the H-1B visa program hit its cap for petitions by April 7. What will change is how fast employers and workers get a "yay" or "nay" on whether they were one of the lucky ones. Why is this changing? The change quickly prompted reports that the Trump administration is "dismantling the H-1B visa" and will "leave many people and companies in limbo." But the H-1B announcement (not to be conflated with an updated travel ban signed Monday) is closer to a supply chain issue, Samaratunga said. U.S. immigration authorities said temporary suspension will free them up to sift through a backlog of long-pending applications. That means the majority of visa applicants won't face the long wait times they have in years past. "The stated intent of the temporary suspension is to clear the backlog, which is an important step for those companies that have been waiting for months," Manan Mehta, founding partner of Unshackled Ventures, a venture capital firm that helps immigrant-founded start-ups deal with immigration issues. So while it's entirely possible that president Donald Trump will upend the skilled immigration program, this announcement is more of a hiring headache than anything. Still, immigration lawyer Greg Siskind suggested in a blog post that the change might be a "slow walk" to make H-1B visas a less attractive option, especially in the medical field.  Yes, USCIS has suspended H-1B PPS in the past, but only for a few weeks and only for a few kinds of cases. This is a much different thing. 2— (((Greg Siskind))) (@gsiskind) March 5, 2017 Who is affected? Employers are first and foremost, going to have the toughest time adapting, Samaratunga said. Let's say an employer extends a job offer, alongside an H-1B visa sponsorship, to a worker, ahead of the April 1 rush. With the fast track option, they could know very soon if their petition was likely to be accepted, and could start planning the onboarding accordingly. If it was likely to be denied, they could begin looking for a new candidate. But now, they'll have to wait in line, like everyone else. The average wait time is three to six months, Mehta said. So, the employer might not know until September whether their employee will be authorized to work. The suspension could especially be a sticking point for tech companies that are hoping to get to the cutting edge faster than their competitors. The technology community is in the midst of a talent war, poaching each other's workers and setting up relationships with universities to snare top engineers. Companies like IBM, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and Apple have been among the top recipients of H-1B visas in past years, New York Times data analysis shows, aside from a massive swath of visas issued to consulting firms that are known to outsource. Alphabet chairman Eric Schmidt said last year that H-1B visa reform was a top policy priority for tech, noting that Google has brilliant engineers who are languishing in condos in Canada waiting to get to work. The new delay does mean a little more uncertainty for some workers. Particularly, workers who are on the verge of losing their current visas, and were hoping to have a quick insight into whether they should sign a new lease or pack their bags. Also affected are H-1B visa applicants that are not subject to the usual cap — especially those working at universities, Khanna said. And a small group of foreign nationals may have to take a break from working while they wait for a visa change to take hold, said Mehta. Then there are practical inconveniences, like getting one's driver's license renewed or traveling while immigration status is pending, Siskend wrote. Given all the uncertainty, Samaratunga said, some employers might be more reticint to hire foreign workers — although if they had another choice, hiring a domestic worker is almost always the more practical choice either way, she said. But there are plenty of loopholes to push through the most urgent cases, Khanna said. Severe financial loss to a company, emergencies, non-profit and humanitarian causes can all still merit requests expedited H-1B visas, Khanna said. And students or H-1B workers changing jobs have special protections to cover the gap while they wait for their new visa to kick in. Mehta suggested that workers hoping to change their visa status to another type apply to do so by the end of the month to avoid being affected by the suspension. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SPACE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Goodyear's spherical tyre uses 'bionic skin' and AI to adapt to the road Goodyear's spherical tyre uses 'bionic skin' and AI to adapt to the road Cars 1 hour ago Land Rover's bespoke Discovery comes with a drone to help emergency services Land Rover's bespoke Discovery comes with a drone to help emergency services Land Rover 26 minutes ago This Alphabet-backed lab wants to replace drugs with electrical implants This Alphabet-backed lab wants to replace drugs with electrical implants WIRED Health 2017 1 hour ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 Space 1 hour ago Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos 5 hours ago Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Leukaemia 1 day ago The future of AI is neuromorphic. Meet the scientists building digital 'brains' for your phone The future of AI is neuromorphic. Meet the scientists building digital 'brains' for your phone Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Mars 1 day ago How tech giants are using AI to prevent self-harm and suicide How tech giants are using AI to prevent self-harm and suicide Facebook 1 day ago 18 new genes have been linked to autism spectrum disorder 18 new genes have been linked to autism spectrum disorder Autism 1 day ago Matt Eagles has had Parkinson's since he was 7. A brain implant gave him back his life Matt Eagles has had Parkinson's since he was 7. A brain implant gave him back his life WIRED Health 2017 1 day ago Porsche's Sport Turismo is a stylish, spacious estate car Porsche's Sport Turismo is a stylish, spacious estate car Porsche 1 day ago Stephen Hawking, Buzz Aldrin and Oliver Stone to speak at Starmus 2017 Stephen Hawking, Buzz Aldrin and Oliver Stone to speak at Starmus 2017 Promotions 1 day ago Nintendo Switch launch issues: saving problems, Joy-Con fails, and dead pixels Nintendo Switch launch issues: saving problems, Joy-Con fails, and dead pixels Gaming 1 day ago WhatsApp expands its self-destructing Status tool. Here's how to use it WhatsApp expands its self-destructing Status tool. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Geneva Motor Show 2017: the biggest announcements from this year's event Geneva Motor Show 2017: the biggest announcements from this year's event Geneva Motor Show 25 minutes ago Facebook is finally testing a 'dislike' button (but only in Messenger) Facebook is finally testing a 'dislike' button (but only in Messenger) Messenger 1 day ago From Mars Rovers to Volvo sedans: how HoloLens is revolutionising industry From Mars Rovers to Volvo sedans: how HoloLens is revolutionising industry Hololens 1 day ago Hunting the DNC hackers: how Crowdstrike found proof Russia hacked the Democrats Hunting the DNC hackers: how Crowdstrike found proof Russia hacked the Democrats Cybersecurity 1 day ago Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars 1 day ago Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village Video 3 days ago What it's really like to race in the world's fastest four-seater (spoiler: it's not pretty) What it's really like to race in the world's fastest four-seater (spoiler: it's not pretty) Bentley 4 days ago Ethiopia's Dallol salt dome could reveal how life first formed on Earth Ethiopia's Dallol salt dome could reveal how life first formed on Earth WIRED Big Picture 1 day ago Elon's empire: the sprawling, intertwining web of Elon Musk's vested interests Elon's empire: the sprawling, intertwining web of Elon Musk's vested interests Elon Musk 3 days ago Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - tips and tricks to survive Hyrule Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - tips and tricks to survive Hyrule Zelda 3 days ago Nintendo Switch's eShop is live - here are the games you can buy Nintendo Switch's eShop is live - here are the games you can buy Nintendo Switch 3 days ago Why PlayStation, Xbox and Oculus Rift fans owe their gaming lives to Nintendo Why PlayStation, Xbox and Oculus Rift fans owe their gaming lives to Nintendo Nintendo Switch 3 days ago How Big Ben bongs: lasers reveal the secrets of the bell's distinctive sound How Big Ben bongs: lasers reveal the secrets of the bell's distinctive sound Lasers 4 days ago Studying swarms of ants could help speed up your commute Studying swarms of ants could help speed up your commute Ideas Bank 19 Feb 2017 Sexism in Silicon Valley: the true extent of gender disparity in the tech industry Sexism in Silicon Valley: the true extent of gender disparity in the tech industry Sexism 06 Feb 2017 The best Nintendo Switch games The best Nintendo Switch games Gaming 5 days ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 17 Feb 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now Netflix 24 Feb 2017 Robot Wars is back on TV: We went behind the scenes Robot Wars is back on TV: We went behind the scenes Robot Wars 04 Mar 2016 The best tech, science and culture podcasts for your commute The best tech, science and culture podcasts for your commute Podcast 22 Feb 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Goodyear's spherical tyre uses 'bionic skin' and AI to adapt to the road Goodyear's spherical tyre uses 'bionic skin' and AI to adapt to the road Cars 1 hour ago Land Rover's bespoke Discovery comes with a drone to help emergency services Land Rover's bespoke Discovery comes with a drone to help emergency services Land Rover 26 minutes ago This Alphabet-backed lab wants to replace drugs with electrical implants This Alphabet-backed lab wants to replace drugs with electrical implants WIRED Health 2017 1 hour ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 Space 1 hour ago Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos 5 hours ago Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Leukaemia 1 day ago The future of AI is neuromorphic. Meet the scientists building digital 'brains' for your phone The future of AI is neuromorphic. Meet the scientists building digital 'brains' for your phone Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Mars 1 day ago How tech giants are using AI to prevent self-harm and suicide How tech giants are using AI to prevent self-harm and suicide Facebook 1 day ago 18 new genes have been linked to autism spectrum disorder 18 new genes have been linked to autism spectrum disorder Autism 1 day ago Matt Eagles has had Parkinson's since he was 7. A brain implant gave him back his life Matt Eagles has had Parkinson's since he was 7. A brain implant gave him back his life WIRED Health 2017 1 day ago Porsche's Sport Turismo is a stylish, spacious estate car Porsche's Sport Turismo is a stylish, spacious estate car Porsche 1 day ago Stephen Hawking, Buzz Aldrin and Oliver Stone to speak at Starmus 2017 Stephen Hawking, Buzz Aldrin and Oliver Stone to speak at Starmus 2017 Promotions 1 day ago Nintendo Switch launch issues: saving problems, Joy-Con fails, and dead pixels Nintendo Switch launch issues: saving problems, Joy-Con fails, and dead pixels Gaming 1 day ago WhatsApp expands its self-destructing Status tool. Here's how to use it WhatsApp expands its self-destructing Status tool. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Geneva Motor Show 2017: the biggest announcements from this year's event Geneva Motor Show 2017: the biggest announcements from this year's event Geneva Motor Show 25 minutes ago Facebook is finally testing a 'dislike' button (but only in Messenger) Facebook is finally testing a 'dislike' button (but only in Messenger) Messenger 1 day ago From Mars Rovers to Volvo sedans: how HoloLens is revolutionising industry From Mars Rovers to Volvo sedans: how HoloLens is revolutionising industry Hololens 1 day ago Hunting the DNC hackers: how Crowdstrike found proof Russia hacked the Democrats Hunting the DNC hackers: how Crowdstrike found proof Russia hacked the Democrats Cybersecurity 1 day ago Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars 1 day ago Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village Video 3 days ago What it's really like to race in the world's fastest four-seater (spoiler: it's not pretty) What it's really like to race in the world's fastest four-seater (spoiler: it's not pretty) Bentley 4 days ago Ethiopia's Dallol salt dome could reveal how life first formed on Earth Ethiopia's Dallol salt dome could reveal how life first formed on Earth WIRED Big Picture 1 day ago Elon's empire: the sprawling, intertwining web of Elon Musk's vested interests Elon's empire: the sprawling, intertwining web of Elon Musk's vested interests Elon Musk 3 days ago Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - tips and tricks to survive Hyrule Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - tips and tricks to survive Hyrule Zelda 3 days ago Nintendo Switch's eShop is live - here are the games you can buy Nintendo Switch's eShop is live - here are the games you can buy Nintendo Switch 3 days ago Why PlayStation, Xbox and Oculus Rift fans owe their gaming lives to Nintendo Why PlayStation, Xbox and Oculus Rift fans owe their gaming lives to Nintendo Nintendo Switch 3 days ago How Big Ben bongs: lasers reveal the secrets of the bell's distinctive sound How Big Ben bongs: lasers reveal the secrets of the bell's distinctive sound Lasers 4 days ago Studying swarms of ants could help speed up your commute Studying swarms of ants could help speed up your commute Ideas Bank 19 Feb 2017 Sexism in Silicon Valley: the true extent of gender disparity in the tech industry Sexism in Silicon Valley: the true extent of gender disparity in the tech industry Sexism 06 Feb 2017 The best Nintendo Switch games The best Nintendo Switch games Gaming 5 days ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 17 Feb 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now Netflix 24 Feb 2017 Robot Wars is back on TV: We went behind the scenes Robot Wars is back on TV: We went behind the scenes Robot Wars 04 Mar 2016 The best tech, science and culture podcasts for your commute The best tech, science and culture podcasts for your commute Podcast 22 Feb 2017 Space WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 Jeff Bezos has revealed the engine for Blue Origin's next rocket, the Nintendo Switch has sold 80,000 units in the UK over its launch weekend By WIRED 1 hour ago By WIRED Tuesday 7 March 2017 Your WIRED daily briefing. Today, Jeff Bezos has revealed the engine for Blue Origin's next rocket, tech firms have begun voicing their opposition to a revised US attempt to ban travellers from a number of majority-Muslim countries, the Nintendo Switch has sold 80,000 units in the UK over its launch weekend and more. ADVERTISEMENT Get WIRED Awake sent straight to your inbox every weekday morning by 8am. Click here to sign up to the WIRED Awake newsletter. 1. Blue Origin reveals the engine for its future orbital rocket Blue Origin chief Jeff Bezos has tweeted the first photos of the private spaceflight firm's new orbital rocket engine, the BE-4 (WIRED). Blue Origin has already successfully launched - and landed, and reused - its New Shepard suborbital rocket, but this first BE-4 engine represents the company's plans for its forthcoming New Glenn rocket. Unlike New Shepard, New Glenn, which will use seven of the BE-4 engines, will be powerful enough to take cargo and passengers into orbit around the Earth. READ NEXT Behold Blue Origin's BE-4 engine that will help 'end the reliance on Russian rockets' Behold Blue Origin's BE-4 engine that will help 'end the reliance on Russian rockets' By Matt Burgess 2. Tech firms speak out on revised US immigration ban Technology firms have begun to comment on the latest attempt by US president Donald Trump's Republican administration to prevent people from a number of majority-Muslim countries from entering the USA (The Verge). Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky said "Barring people from entering our country because of where they're from was wrong the first time around - still wrong…", while Mozilla released a statement detailing the damage the order will inflict on the technology industry. Other firms to speak out include Lyft and Uber. The revised travel ban - the [link url="immigration ban's previous incarnation was struck down by a US court - is a 90-day suspension on people from Sudan, Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia and Yemen entering the country for any reason unless they held a visa on January 27. It also includes a clear position against humanitarian action, banning refugees from any country from entering the USA in the next 120 days. 3. Nintendo Switch sold 80,000 units in the UK over its launch weekend UK sales figures published by Nico Partners analyst Daniel Ahmad reveal that the Nintendo Switch sold 80,000 units in the days following its UK release on Friday (VG247). That's twice as many consoles as the Wii U managed when it was released in 2012. Nintendo Life reports that the company's share value has also seen a rise in the wake of the console's successful release. In Japan, meanwhile, the console sold a massive 313,700 units over its launch weekend, and initial US sales "exceeded first 2-day sales in Americas for any system in Nintendo history", according to The New York Times's Nick Wingfield. 4. Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Speaking at the Planetary Science Vision 2050 Workshop conference in Washington, director of Nasa’s Planetary Science Division James Green said scientists from the space agency have proposed a plan to shield Mars from the Sun’s rays through an artificial magnetic field around the planet (WIRED). Without a protective magnetic field, anyone living on the Red Planet would have to protect themselves from the harmful radiation from the Sun that we, on Earth, are shielded from. Green described the idea as involving a "magnetic shield" launched in a stable orbit between Mars and the Sun. It would be made of a large electric circuit powerful enough to generate an artificial magnetic field. The shield would allow Mars to slowly restore its atmosphere over the course of a few years. Once an atmosphere had built up, the greenhouse effect would take over and heat up the planet, potentially making it warm enough for liquid water to exist on its surface. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal By Abigail Beall 5. ESA launches Sentinel-2B Earth observation satellite The European Space Agency has launched the second of its Sentinel 2 Earth observation satellites, designed to monitor the planet for purposes ranging from city planning, to observing the effects of climate change (BBC). The satellite launched today at 1:49 GMT aboard a Vega rocket from French Guiana, and will form part of a cluster of Sentinel satellites to collectively monitor the health of our planet as part of the ESA's Copernicus programme. It joins Sentinel-2A, its previously launched partner in an opposite orbit, and the two will provide, among other things, a free and open picture resource that will capture a complete new view of the Earth every five days. Book now for WIRED Health Join hundreds of healthcare, pharmaceutical and technology influencers at WIRED Health on March 9 at 30 Euston Square, London. The first speakers include the co-inventor of CRISPR and the entrepreneur tackling the fragmented health records system. 6. Google reveals the most popular Play Store titles of the last five years It's five years since Google launched the Play Store for Android - the successor to the Android Market - on March 6, 2012, and to celebrate the company has revealed the all-time most popular apps, music, movies and books in the Store's US incarnation (CNET). There are few surprises, with the indomitable Candy Crush Saga topping the games list and Facebook coming in as the most popular app. Meanwhile, Ed Sheeran and Adele are the top music hits, and the apparently inescapable Fifty Shades of Grey by E L James is the most-purchased book. More surprisingly, Seth Rogen and James Franco vehicle The Interview, a widely-panned comedy about an attempt to assassinate Kim Jong-un, is the top film of the past five years. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT The best space images from February The best space images from February By Matt Burgess 7. Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Ancient traces of DNA from the family of viruses that cause leukaemia have been discovered in the genomes of bats, filling the “last major gap” in the retrovirus fossil record (WIRED). Deltaretroviruses, which include T-lymphotrophic viruses, are said to infect up to 20 million people worldwide and cause a rare type of Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma called Adult T-Cell Leukaemia/Lymphoma (ATLL). It has long been thought deltaretroviruses have infected humans since prehistoric times but because these viruses have no fossil record, their deeper origins have remained a mystery until now. The research, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), was conducted by the University of Glasgow and The Czech Academy of Sciences, Prague. A team working under researcher Dr Daniel Elleder identified the remnants of a deltaretrovirus in the genome of ’bent-winged bats’. This sequence was then found in a range of a distantly related Minopterid species, dating back 20 to 45 million years ago. 8. Ridley Scott has plans for six more Alien films Ridley Scott has told The Sydney Morning Herald that he has plans for another six Alien movies and that he could begin filming the next instalment in the series as soon as next year (Polygon). The 79-year-old director, whose forthcoming Alien: Covenant is due out in cinemas on May 19, said that the next film in the series is already written: "You’ve got to assume to a certain extent success and from that you’d better be ready. You don’t want a two-year gap. So I’ll be ready to go again next year." 9. GOG launches its Spring Sale DRM-free digital retailer GOG has launched its Spring Sale - a couple of weeks before the beginning of spring - with over 500 games discounted (RockPaperShotgun). These include re-released and remastered Good Old Games that originally gave the company its name, such as Bullfrog's classic evil overlord simulator Dungeon Keeper 2 and new games like Tyranny and Shenzen I/O. As ever, a healthy selection of new and classic titles, plus a few demos, are available to download for free. 10. Adults and kids can both learn with The ABCs of Particle Physics The USA's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory and Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory are the publishers behind The ABCs of Particle Physics, an adorable children's science book (and website) with enough factual depth to help adults get a handle on the subject, too (Gizmodo). The board book version, published late last year, is available at cost for just $10.99, but the whole book is available for free as a printer-friendly PDF and both animated and legacy-browser friendly web pages. The book introduces and explains a range of concepts including leptons, relativity and quarks. ADVERTISEMENT Popular on WIRED The simple blood test that could help cure cancer At Guardant Health, Helmy Eltoukhy and his team are cutting out the time-consuming, costly and invasive biopsy procedure altogether. All that their new method - a process of digital DNA sequencing the company calls Guardant360 - requires is two samples of a patient’s blood. “Our liquid biopsy, Guardant360, is a blood test that can replace a repeat tissue biopsy, which for US lung cancer patients has a cost of more than $14,000,” Eltoukhy tells WIRED. “We can now find a single fragment of mutated tumour DNA out of a trillion others in a tube of blood. This is the result of improving the performance of our platform tenfold using continuous machine learning on the more than 30,000 patient samples we’ve sequenced.” WIRED​ ​04.17​ ​–​ ​on​ ​sale​ ​now Tech's biggest names pick the stars of tomorrow in WIRED's smart list, we meet the seismic cyborg, and showcase our favourite products in the 2017 Pantone colour of the year. Subscribe now and save. Podcast 307: Snapchat's billions, Musk's moon mission Listen now, subscribe via RSS or add to iTunes. Get social. Follow WIRED on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. Space Blue Origin Immigration Nintendo Switch WIRED Awake Share this article RECOMMENDED WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 7 March WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 7 March By WIRED Business 07 Mar 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 10 March WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 10 March By WIRED Business 10 Mar 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 2 March WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 2 March By WIRED Business 02 Mar 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 21 March WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 21 March By WIRED Business 21 Mar 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Supplements Archive Spice Home Aspire Woman Simply Delhi News Magazine Leisure facbook twitter googlepluse Tech@MWC2017 Here are the new launches announced at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona that will hit Indian shores by mid-2017. Nidhi Singal  Follow @nidhisinghal    Nidhi.Singal@intoday.com March 3, 2017 | UPDATED 13:07 IST A +A - HP Pro X2 616G2 Take a look at the new gadgets launched at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona that will hit Indian shores by mid-2017. Nokia 3310 HMD Global gives the Nokia 3310 a new lease of life. This feature phone has a 2.4-inch QVGA display, a 2MP camera with LED flash and 2100mAh battery. It has a basic Opera Mini web browser, but its battery will last a month on standby mode. Talktime is 22 hours on single charge. (And, yes, it has the Snake game too.) Gear VR with Controller Samsung's latest boasts 42mm lenses with a 101? field of view. The controller has a touchpad and buttons to point, drag and drop, tilt and shoot and features a trigger for gaming. HP Pro X2 616G2 This 2-in-1 detachable has a generation 7 Intel processor, and features presentation mode, inking mode for taking notes, tablet mode for data collection and notebook mode. Huawei Watch 2 Running Android Wear 2.0, it has a 1.2-inch display on a 12.6mm thick dial. It has everything you'd expect of a smartwatch, including Google Assistant and Watch Pay support. BlackBerry KeyOne Features a 4.5-inch display, and runs on Android Nougat (v7.1). Has a fingerprint sensor under the home button, and the keys can be assigned as shortcuts for apps.     For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Mobile World Congress 2017# Barcelona   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News 2017 Spring Inspired Home and Garden Expo on April 1 and 2, 2017 Salinas, CA (1888PressRelease) March 07, 2017 – Special Guest Appearance by Jake Reisdorf, CEO of Carmel Honey Company (which he founded in the 5th Grade) who will discuss honey and beekeeping. Grand Prize! Stowe Contracting and Basalite are partnering and offering installation and product to create a beautiful 10′ x12′ patio in Artisan Flagstone with a charcoal border! This year’s event will have many new surprises and feature an array of fascinating and useful Home and Garden Exhibits, Daily Seminars, Live Chef Demos, Shopping, and Charity Partners as well as Expo Sponsors. Stop by for a few hours and discover the very best in home-improvement products, advice and inspiration. Spring is a great time to evaluate your home and begin to initiate home renovation projects so you’ll be ready to enjoy summer entertaining with family and friends. It’s also definitely a great time Get Inspired! Start by visiting the Inspired Home Expo to plan your home improvement and landscaping vision and meet trusted experts who can make it a great reality. Unleash your creativity and create a true sanctuary where you can relax and rejuvenate in your beautiful home. Be sure to bring all of your home improvement ideas and remodeling projects to the Inspired Home & Garden Expo of Monterey. Experts at the Monterey Home Expo are there to answer all of your questions and help you get started. The Inspired Spring Home Expo exhibitors will include general contractors, flooring, landscapers, kitchen and bath, cabinets, closet organizers, landscape designers, painters, countertops, tile, granite, appliances, solar energy, fireplaces, and much more, most based in Monterey County! At a Glance: · Saturday, April 1, 2017 10 a.m. – 5 p.m. · Sunday, April 2, 2017 10 a.m. – 4 p.m. · Free to all attendees! · The Spring 2017 Inspired Home Expo of Monterey will feature a full weekend of activities for homeowners plus the latest remodeling, landscaping and home accessory trends and tips. · Educational home improvement seminars by local professionals, cooking demos, local charity partners and more. ·Special Guest Appearance Jake Reisdorf, founder of Carmel Honey Company. Jake Reisdorf is the chief beekeeper and owner of Carmel Honey Company, which he started as part of a school project where his teacher assigned professions to each student and directed them to research the profession and build a presentation on it. While researching his assigned profession of website designer, Jake, 11 years old at the time, decided to take it one step further and actually create a real website. At that time, Jake had taken one beekeeping class with his Dad and thought it would be cool to design a website about honey bees. Not only did Jake get an „A” on the project, but it inspired him and spurred him to start Carmel Honey Company. That was four years ago. · Chef Brandon Miller of Mundaka Restaurant in Carmel will present a Taste of Spain Cooking Seminar. · Additional informative and fun free seminars will be available both days during the Spring 2017 Inspired Home & Garden Expo of Monterey (full schedule coming soon on inspiredhomeexpos.com) · The Grand Prize for attendees of the event: Stowe Contracting and Basalite are partnering and offering installation and product to create a beautiful 10′ x12′ patio in Artisan Flagstone with a charcoal border! · Free parking! · Location: Monterey County Fair & Event Center, 2004 Fairground Rd. Monterey, California. (Please enter at Gate 3) · For more information, go to InspiredExpos.com or call (831) 772-4600. During the spring 2017 Inspired Home Expo of Monterey weekend, there will be an outstanding line-up of seminars in the home, food and garden areas that include many experts in their field. Attendees can plan their visit to the Spring 2017 Inspired Home & Garden Expo of Monterey around many valuable remodeling workshops and home improvement seminar presentations by local experts and live chef demos and some seminars are now listed below. Updates about the seminars and the presenters will be posted on the website, InspiredExpos.com. 2017 Spring Home Expo Seminar Schedule (Full Schedule Coming Soon!) Confirmed seminars include: Solar Roofing Presented by Scudder Solar Energy Systems Scudder Solar Energy Systems will discuss make solar work for their customers. Delicious Paella Presented by Chef Brandon Miller of Mundaka Chef Brandon Miller of Mundaka will share one of his popular Paella dishes in a cooking demonstration. Carmel Honey Company Jake Reisdorf , who founded Carmel Honey Company at age 13 in 2015, will share information about bees and using honey in cooking and more. Corporate Sponsors: · Noble Pride Roofing · Scudder Solar Energy System · REM Sleep Solutions Media Corporate Sponsors: · Monterey County Herald · KRML Radio 102.1 FM and 1410 AM · Times Publishing Group Exhibitor booth and Sponsorship opportunities are still available. For more information, go to InspiredExpos.com/Expos/ Monterey/. More about the Expo: Learn from and become „inspired” by top professionals in the field. Come meet the experts from the community who can help you create a more beautiful living environment, make a space more comfortable or fix an issue in your home. The event gives you the opportunity to build relationships with the people who can help you make your dreams become reality. There’s something for everyone, whether you’re looking for ideas for Spring projects, inspiration or just browsing home improvements large too small. Talk with expert local home contractors that can create all your „inspired”, images from your clippings and Pinterest boards, meet your Google search list face to face, and make your home improvement dreams a reality. The free, fun and informative Spring 2017 Inspired Home & Garden Expo of Monterey will be held on Saturday and Sunday, April 1st and 2nd at the Monterey Fair & Expo Center, 2004 Fairground Road, Monterey, CA. This not-to-be-missed event will feature about a hundred LOCAL home and garden professionals on site, many based in Monterey County, with all of your home project solutions. They will be available to answer all of your questions and provide expert advice for enhancing your indoor and outdoor living space. The Spring 2017 Inspired Home & Garden Expo will feature displays and exhibits of the latest ideas in home improvement, remodeling, interior design, decorating and landscaping. In addition, it will provide educational and informative seminars and demonstrations designed to help you enhance the beauty and the value of your home. Quality contractors, expert craftsmen, premier designers and home improvement professionals are there both days to focus on all of your needs to make your home meet your vision. About Simply Clear Marketing: Simply Clear Marketing Inc. (SCMI) is a professional event management and marketing company based on the Central Coast. SCMI currently produces 7 successful INSPIRED trade show events per year and is expanding its events and services. The Inspired Home Expos are designed to create an environment for consumers to find the products and services they need to create the home of their dreams. The vision behind the home expos is to create a location for local residents to meet face to face with local companies who can help them to create a beautiful living environment and increase the value of their homes. The health expos provide a location for residents to meet face to face with a variety of health, wellness, and fitness providers in the area. Simply Clear Marketing’s mission is to help small businesses grow by connecting them with potential clients through events and marketing. For more information, go to www.InspiredExpos.com or call (805) 772-4600. Publicity Contacts: Wendy Brickman (831) 633-4444 or brickman ( @ ) brickmanmarketing dot com Marci Bracco (831) 747-7455 or marci@ chatterboxpublicrelations.com ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Environment, Food and Beverage, general, Health, Home and Garden, Space, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Robert Miller Thanks Future Electronics Team for Global Distribution Agreement with Briowireless Next PostNext LPU Student won Silver Medal at World Cup organized by International Shooting Sports Federation (ISSF) Search Recent Posts Allergy Partners Provides Tips About Dry, Itchy Winter Skin YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact Indkaldelse til ordinær generalforsamling i Brøndbyernes I.F. Fodbold A/S Aktia tarjoaa kumppaneilleen uusia yhteistyömuotoja Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Gaishan.ca Calgary’s latest SaaS startup in online review and reputation management (1888PressRelease) March 07, 2017 – The creators of Gaishan Inc., Steven Phan and Alex Williams, believe that the traditional advertising is no longer as effective due to technology and social media. In this digital age, businesses and consumers are more connected and informed than ever before. Consumers are becoming more social, tech savvy, and mobile with each passing day. Consumers are overwhelmed with information and can make decisions about your business before you even engage with them. Gaishan is helping businesses take full control of their online reviews & reputation. According to BrightLocal, 92 percent of consumers read reviews for local businesses to determine the quality of a local business before making a purchasing decision. BrightLocal’s report reinforces findings in a previous study that found that 84 percent of consumers trust online reviews as much as they trust friends and family. On the other end of the spectrum, four out of five consumers reverse their plans for purchase based on negative reviews. People take positive reviews and high ratings as social proof a product or service is worth the purchase. They reason, „This has great reviews, so I’m buying it.” „With Gaishan, you’re going to see real results and more traffic,” explained Steven Phan President and co-founder of Gaishan.ca. „Because Gaishan.ca understands the long lasting effects and immediate danger of having a bad online reputation. You can’t afford to have a bad reputation in this day and age when everything is so accessible.” Steven continues, „Through our analytics and reports we are able to provide our clients with real measurable results that genuinely improve our clients local SEO and reputation. Thus, driving more traffic to businesses and that’s why we are passionate about helping businesses improve.” Gaishan utilizes text messaging to send out review requests after a sale of a product or service. This brings the opportunity to review right to the customer allowing them to post a review on Google, Facebook, or any other industry specific review sites. The portal and dashboard are user friendly, and easy to understand. There is also an IOS and Android app available for clients and their employees to use. Currently, Gaishan’s founders are focusing their efforts on the Canadian market. In the near future, they plan to expand their horizons to include the United States, Europe and South America where online reviews and reputation management is on the rise. About Gaishan, Inc. Gaishan is a startup SaaS founded by two young entrepreneurs – Steven Phan and Alex Williams. The company is based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Gaishan is hard at work to become an industry leader in online review and reputation management with the mission to help improve businesses. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, engage, Industry, Markets, post, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Guest conductor, soprano and pianist to be featured in final three programs of Monterey Symphony season Next PostNext Capital Strategy Partners of Tokyo to focus on commodities sector Search Recent Posts Delpor Announces Issuance of US Patent Covering its Novel Implantable Device for the Long-Term Delivery of Antipsychotics and other Drugs BearingPoint Wins “Best Regulatory Reporting Solution” at the InsuranceERM Awards BearingPoint Wins “Best Regulatory Reporting Solution” at the InsuranceERM Awards Samenvatting: OT levert volledig eSIM-systeem af voor Windows 10 en transformeert connectiviteit laptops en notebooks BearingPoint Wins “Best Regulatory Reporting Solution” at the InsuranceERM Awards Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Digital Maps Market Projected to be Resilient During 2015 – 2021 The Digital Maps Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies.  Digital Maps Market: Drivers and Challenges The key market drivers of digital maps are the increasing adoption of advanced technology in making maps and surveying and increasing adoption of digital maps in industries. The increase in competition among the providers of digital map technology is prompting the vendors to increase their product portfolios and to enhance their technology to offer more user-friendly maps to the customers. Motorized stations are GPS technologies are now being adopted in place of optical and mechanical instruments which were earlier used for surveying. Update on real time basis technology and greater coverage of remote areas are the new technological trends in digital maps market. Digital Maps Market: Key Players  Some of the key market participants in the global Digital maps market are Apple Inc. AutoNavi Holding Ltd., Google Inc., Micello Inc., Tom Tom NV, NavInfo Co. Ltd., ArcGIS Online, Yahoo! Maps, Zenrin, WoNoBo , Bing Maps , GeoMapserver, MapQuest, MapSherpa, NearMap, OpenStreetMap, Inrix, Mapion, Mappy,  Roadtrippers, WikiMapia, MapmyIndia, ViaMichelin, Magellan Navigation, Bhuvan and Baidu Maps A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/7232 Digital Maps Market: Regional Overview North America U.S Canada Europe France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the UK Eastern Europe CIS APAC China India Japan Australia Others Latin America Argentina Brazil Others Browse Full Report summary and to request sample report and table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/digital-maps-market.asp CategoriesUncategorized TagsDigital Maps, Digital Maps Market, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TomTom’s Flexible Navigation Components Trusted for Next Generation PEUGEOT Line-Up Next PostNext Precipitated Fine Hydrate Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth During 2016-2026 Search Recent Posts What does it take to be a business owner? A. Innova reveals all G2A est désormais en partenariat avec 100 développeurs et éditeurs Tissue World and Asian Paper Join Forces in Bangkok in June 2018 2017 Kun-Manie Field Programme Third Quarter Trading Update Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Corporate Trends LATEST NEWS Water level in 91 major reservoirs dips to 41 per cent: Centre Sri Lanka orders probe into Indian fisherman's killing Debt ridden companies to provide inbound M&A opportunities: Study PM Modi refused to meet all-party delegation: Pinarayi Vijayan Spirituality in India's strength: PM Narendra Modi Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file six reports of probe panel Kerala to go in for cloud seeding to tackle drought: Pinarayi Vijayan Assets of re-contesting MLAs in UP soar 82% in 5 years: ADR I'm coming to India soon: Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire AutoBFSIConstructionIndustrial Goods & ServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyServicesTechMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumET 2Good 4GoodCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Corporate TrendsDeals ET Home›News›Company›Corporate Trends 03:02 PM | 07 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,011-37.07 NIFTY 50 8,950-13.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,890-55.00 USD/INR 66.68-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 turn rangebound; Infy, Tata Steel top losers Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Microsoft close to signing 9 year lease with Prestige Group for 600,000 square feet office in Bengaluru By Sobia Khan, ET Bureau | Updated: Mar 07, 2017, 11.26 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Satya Nadella | Prestige Group | office | Microsoft | Bengaluru One of the persons quoted earlier said: "The company is looking to move its employees by the first half of this year. It is expected to merge many of its India operations and serve as a base for further expansion." Assembly Elections 2017: Is Modi on a road to nowhere in Uttar Pradesh? BENGALURU: Microsoft is close to signing a nine-year lease deal with Prestige Group for a 600,000 sq ft office space in Bengaluru, three people aware of the development said. "The deal is in the final stage of closure," they said, adding that the lease is renewable every three years. The Redmond-based technology company , which currently operates out of Embassy Golf Link in the city , is looking for more office space as part of chief executive Satya Nadella's plan to tap the local market and its engineering talent. A spokesperson for Microsoft did not confirm the talks but said: "We have a large employee base in Bengaluru and they work out of different offices in the city. We regularly undertake a strategic assessment of our real estate portfolio in Bengaluru to ensure that we have the right long-term plan in place to support our business growth. We will share more details as we finalise our plans." One of the persons quoted earlier said: "The company is looking to move its employees by the first half of this year. It is expected to merge many of its India operations and serve as a base for further expansion." The new campus will seat 6,000 employees, he said. Earlier, Microsoft was scouting for 1.1 million sq ft of space in Bengaluru for a built-to-suit campus. The company, which has offices in 10 locations across India, had planned to invest $1 billion in the campus over five years. In anticipation of a growth in business, many companies have committed to acquiring office space in Bengaluru, the country's technology hub, reducing the pool of available space in the city. Recently, Apple leased over 40,000 sq ft of office space in the city where it intends to set up a development centre, three people familiar with the matter said. In 2015, US-based Google had taken 100,000 sq ft of office space on lease in Bengaluru's Bagmane World Technology Centre. It is also setting up a 7acre campus in Hyderabad, which will be its biggest outside the US. Last year, India's office market segment saw deals for over 43 million sq ft of space, touching an all-time high with a 9 per cent year-on-year growth, said a CBRE India report. Bengaluru and the National Capital Region dominate leasing on an annual basis with 47 per cent share. ITITeS firms continue to lead office transaction activity, accounting for about 50% of the transaction activity during the last quarter. However, corporate occupiers are likely to remain cost-sensitive, consider adoption of workplace strategies for efficient space-utilisation. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation IdeasMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Delhi economy booms, per capita income rises Scooter's back, with new hero on road Real Estate READ MORE ON » Satya Nadella | Prestige Group | office | Microsoft | Bengaluru To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Trump's new order bans immigrants from 6 Muslim nations, except Iraq Reliance Jio's push for a 50% revenue market share may hurt Idea, Vodafone Chinese media likens PoK with Taiwan; asks India to back CPEC Bunty Sajdeh: The man who gets Virat Kohli his multi-million dollar endorsement deals China's economy will open up like never before: President Xi Jinping More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Business Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Malaysia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Asia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history World Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore's grand old dames Malaysian cops warn of new parcel scam This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Barbie Hsu passes out from heart condition: 'My husband saved my life' US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test OCBC joins home loans war among local banks Singapore, Asian Opinions Lim Wei Chieh Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags Cyber Attack Hack Singapore, Asian Opinions Consider 'Hack Mindef' initiative to suss out bugs The Straits Times | Lim Wei Chieh | Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 A simulated cyber attack at Mindef’s Cyber Test and Evaluation Centre last month. Singapore, like any other sovereign nation, faces unprecedented cyber risks that can only increase. To tackle such challenges, we have to think outside the box and recognise that no one mind or one single group of individuals will have all the solutions, says the writer. Photo: The Straits Times Lim Wei Chieh The Straits Times Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 The Ministry of Defence (Mindef) revealed last week that hackers exploited a vulnerability in its I-net system early last month and stole the personal data of around 850 national servicemen and employees, including NRIC numbers, telephone numbers and dates of birth. Mindef added that its investigations did not detect any compromise of sensitive military systems or breach of classified information, as the I-net system, which is connected to the Internet, sits on a physically separate network. National servicemen, Mindef employees and Singapore Armed Forces personnel use the I-net to access the Internet for personal communications and Web surfing. Today, both public and private sector organisations are under constant cyber attacks by hackers seeking to cause harm, to steal valuable information, or manipulate financial transactions and markets. Read also: Personal data of national servicemen and Mindef staff stolen in breach: 3 things to know Cyber security experts like to espouse the cliche that it's not if, but when, an organisation will be hacked. While this is a somewhat defeatist point of view, it points to the simple fact that most organisations have cyber security weaknesses that can be easily exploited by cyber criminals; hacking is a lot more cost effective than breaking down the physical front door. The cyber criminals do their maths too. The cyber attack on Mindef is a sobering backdrop for the Government's latest Budget announcement to set aside over $80 million to support the Go Digital Programme for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). The success of the programme will mean even more organisations setting up an online presence and perhaps even doing e-commerce. All this begs the question: Are the SMEs ready for the threats in cyberspace? Would they invest solely in digital capabilities and neglect the critical cyber security and data protection aspects? So how can Singapore improve its cyber security, the way our nation continually upgrades and improves our armed forces? The recent Mindef announcement on the setting up of a cyber command to enhance Singapore's defence against cyber attacks is a good start. Indeed, having soldiers guard our cyber territory is as critical as having them guard our land. While setting up such a unit is a good start, I would like to suggest another way for Singapore to protect its precious cyber resources. In April last year, the US Department of Defence (DoD) conducted a bold experiment to crowdsource independent hackers from the White Hat community to participate in its "Hack the Pentagon" initiative. This approach is commonly called a "bug bounty" where participants get paid for reporting security bugs. Such programmes have been successfully implemented by tech companies such as Google, Facebook and Uber, as well as non-tech sector companies including Western Union, United Airlines and General Motors. Facebook, for example, has paid out more than US$5 million (S$7 million) over the last five years for more than 900 security bugs. The "Hack the Pentagon" programme attracted more than 1,400 vetted participants who attempted to find security bugs on five US DoD websites. The result? In four weeks, the programme identified 138 security bugs, with the first report submitted just 13 minutes after the opening bell. Then US Defence Secretary Ash Carter spoke about the programme's "considerable success" and highlighted the significant cost savings, despite a price tag of US$150,000 - "if we had gone through the normal process of hiring an outside firm to do a security audit and vulnerability assessment, which is what we usually do, it would have cost us more than US$1 million". This was followed by a "Hack the Army" programme last November. Somewhat unexpectedly, a security researcher managed to exploit a chain of vulnerabilities to go from a public army website on the Internet into an internal DoD system that usually required special access credentials. In addition to this critical security flaw - and perhaps more surprisingly - the "intrusion" did not set off any alarm bells and the Pentagon personnel started scrambling only after they had been told by the security researcher. This is a stark reminder for us that while Singapore seeks to delink Internet access from the work computers of public servants, we need to ensure flawless design and execution. At the conclusion of the "Hack the Army" programme, the DoD paid out US$100,000 for 118 security bugs. By the way, the first security bug was reported within five minutes of the programme launch. It is instructive to note that the DoD saw the need to carry out the "Hack the Army" and "Hack the Pentagon" exercises, despite a US$19 billion US cyber security budget to support a robust cyber defence programme. More importantly, the DoD took the bold step to rethink its approach and, by so doing, reaped significant benefits at a fraction of the usual cost. This approach allows the DoD to achieve a process of continuous and pervasive vulnerability detection, instead of a one-off yearly exercise. It also enables the defence organisation to tap the skills of hackers, instead of just entrusting any specific group to guard the DoD's cyberspace. In June last year, the DoD announced that it is embarking on three follow-on initiatives: to allow anyone to disclose vulnerabilities to the DoD without fear of prosecution; to expand the bug bounty programme to other areas of the DoD; and to provide incentives for defence contractors that adopt the same bug bounty approach. This is truly forward looking for a normally conservative government defence agency. Singapore, like any other sovereign nation, is faced with unprecedented cyber risks that can only increase. To tackle such challenges, we have to think outside the box and recognise that no one mind or one single group of individuals will have all the solutions. While it is often difficult to prevent or predict when cyber attacks will happen, perhaps our best bet may be to work towards a cyber security programme that identifies and fixes security bugs in a continual and pervasive manner. Singapore must continue to take the leadership position in this region just as it has always led on major issues. stopinion@sph.com.sg The writer is the chief executive of Swarmnetics, a Singapore company that helps organisations find security weaknesses by harnessing the expertise of the global White Hat community. Read also: If you can hack it, DBS wants you Yahoo reveals new hack affecting over 1 billion users This article was first published on March 7, 2017. Get a copy of The Straits Times or go to straitstimes.com for more stories. Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Super Auction Q!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! Get Your iPhone & Accessories at Attractive Prices Power Up Your Luck with These Accessories Today! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Portal Dünya Bülteni أخبار العالم Dünya Bizim Today in History Salahuddin Ayyubi died 824 years ago, today "If you want to destroy any nation without war, make adultery or nudity common in the young generation" Salahuddin Al Ayyubi. Asia-Pacific The blind postman of Haripur A blind postman has delivered letters in Haripur's hills for four years Islamophobia School in Germany bans Muslim children from prayer High school management asks teachers to report students who pray in school building       World 10:34 Former drug lord says he bribed Honduras ex-president 10:17 Republicans introduce plan to replace Obamacare 09:51 Iraq says forces retake government HQ, bridgehead in Mosul 09:39 Full steam ahead for South Africa's clinic-on-rails 09:17 New exhibition reveals secret history of Rome's Colosseum 08:27 Russia's energy min. points to challenges in oil market Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Turkey 10:01 Press agenda on March 7 14:52 Turkey holds over 1,300 terror suspects in one week 13:42 Baku-Tbilisi-Kars railway line to be ready 'by summer' 09:52 Press agenda on March 6 09:44 Female Saudi horse trainer sees hope for women 12:55 Turkish foundation launches int'l scholarship program General Economy Media Politics Diplomacy Art & Culture Sports Economy 17:57 Turkey puts 28 new power plants into operation in Feb. 16:25 Greek economy takes new blow, in the red in 2016 08:40 Bitcoin worth more than gold in US for first time 12:07 Pact to start new era in Turkey-Pakistan economic ties 15:51 Eurozone inflation hits ECB target 14:38 Turkey: Auto sales down in February Islamic World 12:58 Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khawarizmi - The Father of Algebra 04:08 Nigeria's Muslim women oppose inheritance bill 20:00 Do You Know The Cham Muslims of Vietnam? 08:28 6 Andalusian thinkers you need to know 17:19 7 Year Old English Girl Memorises the Entire Qur’an 17:00 Muslim scholar warns Trump against ‘racist’ remarks Ramadan Hajj 15:33 Indonesia says Saudi Arabia increased its Hajj quota 19:33 Muslim pilgrims flock to Medina after performing Hajj 12:03 Turkish relgious leader says Eid a time of happiness 11:46 1.8 million Muslims took place in hajj this year 16:42 Saudi king rejects mixing hajj with politics 13:01 At hajj, Syrian pilgrims talk of exile and war Art & Culture 14:00 Turkish NGOs praise move to teach Albanian, Bosnian 08:50 Defying Trump, Jewish indie rocker explains Islam 13:50 Oscar win highlights agony of Syria civilians 14:14 Students learning Turkish in Poland on the rise 10:17 'Moonlight' wins best picture as Oscars ends in chaos 15:28 An American Muslim story teller breaking stereotypes Health & Environment 09:40 Japan's 'fake food' more appetising than the original 15:53 Teenager's sickle cell reversed with world-first therapy 05:01 UN reports Antarctica's highest temperatures on record 08:19 Resistant super bugs threaten world: Canada researcher 15:46 UN Haiti cholera fund fails to draw pledges 09:49 Canada conservationist warns of 'cyber poaching' Science&Technology 11:53 EU group says China plan 'skews' high-tech field 09:58 Pressure mounts on Uber and CEO after missteps 15:59 Norway says half of new cars now electric or hybrid 11:06 Secret Uber software steers drivers from stings 10:49 Norway 'anti-troll' site makes you read before commenting 15:18 Turkey to establish Antarctic research base next year News Analysis 20:40 The ideology and historical legacy of world maps 11:37 Turkey and Balkans 16:27 How gas could warm relations between Israel and Turkey 10:13 Time of "apes and pigs" 11:51 NKorea strengthening border artillery 16:08 China: Philippines violating South China Sea code Filebox 07:45 The Forgotten Story of Alphabets 14:43 Turkey in Africa 11:54 Kazakhstan’s Foreign Policy 10:00 The Zionist plan for Al-Aqsa Mosque 14:24 Rabaa massacre and Egyptian propaganda 10:56 2015 Turkish Elections Results Science & Technology Islamophobia Syria crisis Palestine Afghanistan Middle East History 16:17 Turkey remembers political great Necmettin Erbakan 07:35 Turkey commemorates 1992 Khojaly Massacre 11:48 Remembering the 23 February 1944 Chechnya’s exile 10:40 A Short History of Baghdad: From its Magnificent Rise to its Tragic Fall 13:25 Hassan al-Banna, the founder of Muslim Brotherhood 11:34 Swiss archaeologist shines light on Sudan's buried past Today in History Historical Document Historical Events Place Personage Interviews & In Depth 14:18 What is going on in Kashmir: The interview with Muzammil A. Thakur 17:36 Media Voices of Africa with Shafiq Morton 10:04 Lebanese rubbish crisis not all as it seems..... 10:44 Story of four Americans who became Muslim 12:15 Four years after uprising, Egypt is back to square one 15:49 Khojaly: massacre which scarred a nation Science & Environment Today's News EU group says China plan 'skews' high-tech field Malaysia says ready for 'five-year' stake-out at N. Korea embassy 2 soldiers killed in clash in northwestern Pakistan Former drug lord says he bribed Honduras ex-president Republicans introduce plan to replace Obamacare Press agenda on March 7 Pressure mounts on Uber and CEO after missteps Iraq says forces retake government HQ, bridgehead in Mosul Australia plays downs chance of sea patrols with Indonesia Full steam ahead for South Africa's clinic-on-rails New exhibition reveals secret history of Rome's Colosseum ExxonMobil to invest $20B in US Gulf Coast N.Korea launches 'aimed at striking US bases in Japan' Russia's energy min. points to challenges in oil market FBI investigating 300 refugees in US for terror related issues UN team urges probe of South Sudan abuses Obama 2017? 50,000 French want him as president Egypt army chief, NATO official compare notes on Libya Bahrain seeks dissolution of secular opposition party Rights group: Trump ban still a Muslim ban PYD/PKK won’t surrender Manbij, ‘Military Council’ says Germany urges calm in 'Nazi' row with Turkey Nigerian capital's airport closes for 6 weeks Turkey puts 28 new power plants into operation in Feb. Nigerian ex-governor jailed for contract fraud Army chief cordons off Libya’s volatile ‘oil crescent’ Greek economy takes new blow, in the red in 2016 10 hurt in new Morocco football riot Norway says half of new cars now electric or hybrid US warned Israel against annexing West Bank: minister 12:43, 07 March 2017 Tuesday Science&Technology 09:58, 07 March 2017 Tuesday Tweetle Pressure mounts on Uber and CEO after missteps Top executive Kalanick, known for being brash and aggressive in propelling Uber's rise, could now become a liability as the company deals with more complex corporate issues, say some analysts. World Bulletin / News Desk  After a series of embarrassing revelations, ridesharing giant Uber faces challenges in keeping growth on track, with top executive Travis Kalanick likely to face pressure to give up some control. Analysts say Uber's rocky past month -- marred by disclosures about a culture of sexism and its covert use of law enforcement-evading software -- underscores the need for more mature management at the world's most valuable venture-backed startup. The firm's founder and chief executive might help Uber by stepping aside as CEO, possibly taking the role of chairman, said Larry Chiagouris, a Pace University marketing professor "If I were him I would remain connected to the business but I would step up and bring someone with a fresh face and a lot of maturity," said Chiagouris. This would "give riders and drivers a sense there is a serious and mature person running the business," he said. "He needs to find a way to put a face on Uber other than his own." Uber's woes appeared to deepen last week with the release of a dashcam video of showing Kalanick cursing at a driver, followed days later by its admission that the company used secret software to steer drivers away from problems, though it denied reports the "Greyball" program was used to evade sting operations. "They have a history of priding themselves about being aggressive in moving into markets," said Daniel Korschun of Drexel University's LeBow School of Marketing. "Some of this is starting to come back to haunt them. This aggressive behavior is coming out in ways that are disturbing to their stakeholder base." Uber, whose valuation based on its most recent investment is estimated at some $68 billion, needs to balance the interests of its investors, riders and drivers, according to Korschun. - 'On its heels' - But Uber lost tens of thousands of users from the dust-up when Kalanick joined and then quit a panel advising President Donald Trump. This and the other incidents could have dented its value, Korschun said. "It's clear this is a company on its heels," said Korschun. San Francisco-based Uber last month hired former attorney general Eric Holder to review workplace conditions after an ex-employee alleged sexual harassment and sexism at the firm. Separately, Google's parent company Alphabet filed a lawsuit against Uber alleging the ridesharing firm used stolen technology for its autonomous driving program. Adding to the pile-up of woes, Kalanick last week was forced to make a humbling apology after a video showed him verbally abusing a driver for the service; at the same time he admitted "I must fundamentally change as a leader and grow up." Scott Galloway, who teaches brand strategy and digital marketing at New York University's Stern School of Business, said Uber has little room for further error after these missteps. Galloway, who also founded business intelligence firm L2, said the news about Uber over the past month has been "very damaging" but may be surmountable. - Importance of likeability - "What the market underestimates is the importance of being likeable; the CEO needs to be likeable," Galloway said. Having a reputation for being disagreeable "will cost your shareholders billions." Galloway said Kalanick's image problems can affect not only customers, but regulators and the news media. "The media is more apt to create a pattern and publish more negative stories," he said. "I would say he's one screw-up away from being promoted to chairman." Analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group said Kalanick's rough-and-tumble image may not be suited to CEO of a major technology company. Kalanick "doesn't get the need for maintaining image," Enderle said. "He is relatively young, dropped out of college, and lacks the breadth of experience in business and education to give him the skills to deal with a lot of this stuff; which is why everything is turning into a crisis." "If this continues, he is going to have to step down to save the company," Enderle said. For now, Uber remains a major force in the so-called "sharing economy" with tens of thousands of drivers operating in dozens of countries. The latest missteps may be "a minor bump in the road" if Uber is able to recover, according to Chiagouris. "Uber provides an enormously valuable service and in many cases there are no cost effective alteratives," he said. "But Uber won't have an unlimited amount of goodwill if this continues." Related Uber Legal Notice: Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Tweetle No Comment Yet Science&Technology News EU group says China plan 'skews' high-tech field The EU Chamber of Commerce said in a report state subsidies of hundreds of billions of dollars and foreign technology transfers in 10 sectors were "highly problematic" and urged China to stop interfering in the market.  Pressure mounts on Uber and CEO after missteps Top executive Kalanick, known for being brash and aggressive in propelling Uber's rise, could now become a liability as the company deals with more complex corporate issues, say some analysts. Norway says half of new cars now electric or hybrid "This is a milestone on Norway's road to an electric car fleet," Climate and Environment Minister Vidar Helgesen said Secret Uber software steers drivers from stings The New York Times report, which said Greyball was used in several countries, cited interviews with current and former employees whose names were cloaked. Norway 'anti-troll' site makes you read before commenting The method is a way of raising the level of debate but also of taming inflammatory reactions. Turkey to establish Antarctic research base next year Science minister says team currently on continent to find site for facility Facebook using artificial intel to spot suicidal users New tools allow company to identify at-risk users on Messenger, Facebook Live in US Oldest evidence of life found in rocks in Canada Organisms date back as far as 4.3 billion years SpaceX to send 2 passengers to moon in 2018 SpaceX to send 2 passengers to moon in 2018 Dumbphones survive rise of the smartphone Last year 1.5 billion smartphones were sold around the world, according to research firm Gartner. Russian cargo ship docks with space station Russia's space agency said the unmanned Progress freighter carrying 2.5 tonnes of supplies including air, food and fuel "successfully docked" with the orbiting station at 0830 GMT. Google donates millions to fight racial injustice in US Company givng $11.5M in grants to groups studying disparities in justice system Verizon to begin pilot 5G in 11 US cities by mid-year Firm joined forces with tech giants Ericsson, Intel, Qualcomm, and Samsung NASA:Earth-like exoplanets prime target in search for life NASA has made a major announcement in regard to search for life in the solar system Italy taxis stop strike over 'Uber' benefits Demonstrations have been staged in Milan and Turin, where taxis blocked a main square for several days. US scientists find conditions for life on Ceres Dwarf planet in asteroid belt harbors ‘key ingredients for life’, researchers believe News Secret Uber software steers drivers from stings Italy taxis stop strike over 'Uber' benefits Uber chief to leave Trump's economic council Uber suspends operation in Taiwan after fine hike US: Lyft downloaded more than Uber for first time Uber to pay $20 mn to settle charge it misled drivers Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News © 2006 All Rights Reserved. Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Webdesign and Software: Engin Demir World Turkey Economy Islamic World Hajj Art & Culture Health & Environment Science&Technology News Analysis Filebox History Interviews & In Depth Asia-Pacific Middle East Latest News Columnists Add to your site Contact Us About us  
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube LG confirms Android 7.0 Nougat update for V10 and G4 but it will roll out only in Q2 and Q3 2017 respectively LG has finally confirmed that it will roll out Android 7.0 (Nougat) update for its V10 and G4 smartphones in Korea, soon after the introduction of the G6 smartphone at the MWC. It rolled out Nougat update for the G5 back in November last year. At the MWC reporters meeting, LG said that it is considering the current situation and upgrading the phones that will bring value to consumers. This will likely include In Apps feature that was first introduced in V20 that lets you search inside user-installed apps as well as built-in apps. It is not clear if the phones will get Google Assistant that is present in the LG G6. LG said that it will offer Nougat update for the V10 in the second quarter of 2017, which is between April and June and for the G4 in the third quarter, which is between July and September. The company also said that the schedule is for the Korean market and the roll out time frame for the global markets will be announced separately. Source Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on March 7, 2017Categories LG, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: ZTE Blade A2 Plus Review Next Next post: Google Translate now uses neural machine translation for Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Play celebrates its 5th birthday: Here are top 5 most installed apps and games Google Translate now uses neural machine translation for Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese LG confirms Android 7.0 Nougat update for V10 and G4 but it will roll out only in Q2 and Q3 2017 respectively ZTE Blade A2 Plus Review Samsung Galaxy S8 release moved to April 28 Google rolls out March Android security update for Pixel and Nexus devices Today’s smartphones are as powerful as computers ! Does your microSD card match up your performance hungry smartphone? Fitbit Alta HR with continuous heart rate tracking announced for Rs. 14999 Facebook is testing ‘Dislike’ button and reactions for Messenger India Mobile Congress to kick-start in September, Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 2017 launched and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Business Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Malaysia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Asia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history World Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore's grand old dames Malaysian cops warn of new parcel scam This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Barbie Hsu passes out from heart condition: 'My husband saved my life' US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test OCBC joins home loans war among local banks World Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags Uber World Pressure mounts on Uber and CEO after missteps AFP | Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. Photo: Reuters AFP Tuesday, Mar 7, 2017 Washington - After a series of embarrassing revelations, ridesharing giant Uber faces challenges in keeping growth on track, with top executive Travis Kalanick likely to face pressure to give up some control. Analysts say Uber's rocky past month - marred by disclosures about a culture of sexism and its covert use of law enforcement-evading software - underscores the need for more mature management at the world's most valuable venture-backed startup. Kalanick, known for being brash and aggressive in propelling Uber's rise, could now become a liability as the company deals with more complex corporate issues, say some analysts. The firm's founder and chief executive might help Uber by stepping aside as CEO, possibly taking the role of chairman, said Larry Chiagouris, a Pace University marketing professor "If I were him I would remain connected to the business but I would step up and bring someone with a fresh face and a lot of maturity," said Chiagouris. This would "give riders and drivers a sense there is a serious and mature person running the business," he said. "He needs to find a way to put a face on Uber other than his own." Uber's woes appeared to deepen last week with the release of a dashcam video of showing Kalanick cursing at a driver, followed days later by its admission that the company used secret software to steer drivers away from problems, though it denied reports the "Greyball" program was used to evade sting operations. "They have a history of priding themselves about being aggressive in moving into markets," said Daniel Korschun of Drexel University's LeBow School of Marketing. "Some of this is starting to come back to haunt them. This aggressive behavior is coming out in ways that are disturbing to their stakeholder base." Uber, whose valuation based on its most recent investment is estimated at some $68 billion, needs to balance the interests of its investors, riders and drivers, according to Korschun. But Uber lost tens of thousands of users from the dust-up when Kalanick joined and then quit a panel advising President Donald Trump. This and the other incidents could have dented its value, Korschun said. "It's clear this is a company on its heels," said Korschun. San Francisco-based Uber last month hired former attorney general Eric Holder to review workplace conditions after an ex-employee alleged sexual harassment and sexism at the firm. Separately, Google's parent company Alphabet filed a lawsuit against Uber alleging the ridesharing firm used stolen technology for its autonomous driving program. Adding to the pile-up of woes, Kalanick last week was forced to make a humbling apology after a video showed him verbally abusing a driver for the service; at the same time he admitted "I must fundamentally change as a leader and grow up." Scott Galloway, who teaches brand strategy and digital marketing at New York University's Stern School of Business, said Uber has little room for further error after these missteps. Galloway, who also founded business intelligence firm L2, said the news about Uber over the past month has been "very damaging" but may be surmountable. "What the market underestimates is the importance of being likeable; the CEO needs to be likeable," Galloway said. Having a reputation for being disagreeable "will cost your shareholders billions." Galloway said Kalanick's image problems can affect not only customers, but regulators and the news media. "The media is more apt to create a pattern and publish more negative stories," he said. "I would say he's one screw-up away from being promoted to chairman." Analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group said Kalanick's rough-and-tumble image may not be suited to CEO of a major technology company. Kalanick "doesn't get the need for maintaining image," Enderle said. "He is relatively young, dropped out of college, and lacks the breadth of experience in business and education to give him the skills to deal with a lot of this stuff; which is why everything is turning into a crisis." "If this continues, he is going to have to step down to save the company," Enderle said. For now, Uber remains a major force in the so-called "sharing economy" with tens of thousands of drivers operating in dozens of countries. The latest missteps may be "a minor bump in the road" if Uber is able to recover, according to Chiagouris. "Uber provides an enormously valuable service and in many cases there are no cost effective alteratives," he said. "But Uber won't have an unlimited amount of goodwill if this continues." Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Super Auction Q!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! Get Your iPhone & Accessories at Attractive Prices Power Up Your Luck with These Accessories Today! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Pressure mounts on Uber and CEO after missteps By Afp Published: 01:38 EST, 7 March 2017 | Updated: 01:38 EST, 7 March 2017 e-mail Analysts say Uber's rocky past month, marred by disclosures about a culture of sexism and its covert use of law enforcement-evading software, underscores the need for more mature management at the world's most valuable venture-backed startup After a series of embarrassing revelations, ridesharing giant Uber faces challenges in keeping growth on track, with top executive Travis Kalanick likely to face pressure to give up some control. Analysts say Uber's rocky past month -- marred by disclosures about a culture of sexism and its covert use of law enforcement-evading software -- underscores the need for more mature management at the world's most valuable venture-backed startup. Kalanick, known for being brash and aggressive in propelling Uber's rise, could now become a liability as the company deals with more complex corporate issues, say some analysts. The firm's founder and chief executive might help Uber by stepping aside as CEO, possibly taking the role of chairman, said Larry Chiagouris, a Pace University marketing professor "If I were him I would remain connected to the business but I would step up and bring someone with a fresh face and a lot of maturity," said Chiagouris. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick is known for being brash and aggressive in propelling the ridesharing giant's rise This would "give riders and drivers a sense there is a serious and mature person running the business," he said. "He needs to find a way to put a face on Uber other than his own." Uber's woes appeared to deepen last week with the release of a dashcam video of showing Kalanick cursing at a driver, followed days later by its admission that the company used secret software to steer drivers away from problems, though it denied reports the "Greyball" program was used to evade sting operations. "They have a history of priding themselves about being aggressive in moving into markets," said Daniel Korschun of Drexel University's LeBow School of Marketing. "Some of this is starting to come back to haunt them. This aggressive behavior is coming out in ways that are disturbing to their stakeholder base." Uber, whose valuation based on its most recent investment is estimated at some $68 billion, needs to balance the interests of its investors, riders and drivers, according to Korschun. - 'On its heels' - Uber last month hired former attorney general Eric Holder to review workplace conditions after an ex-employee alleged sexual harassment and sexism at the firm But Uber lost tens of thousands of users from the dust-up when Kalanick joined and then quit a panel advising President Donald Trump. This and the other incidents could have dented its value, Korschun said. "It's clear this is a company on its heels," said Korschun. San Francisco-based Uber last month hired former attorney general Eric Holder to review workplace conditions after an ex-employee alleged sexual harassment and sexism at the firm. Separately, Google's parent company Alphabet filed a lawsuit against Uber alleging the ridesharing firm used stolen technology for its autonomous driving program. Adding to the pile-up of woes, Kalanick last week was forced to make a humbling apology after a video showed him verbally abusing a driver for the service; at the same time he admitted "I must fundamentally change as a leader and grow up." Scott Galloway, who teaches brand strategy and digital marketing at New York University's Stern School of Business, said Uber has little room for further error after these missteps. Galloway, who also founded business intelligence firm L2, said the news about Uber over the past month has been "very damaging" but may be surmountable. - Importance of likeability - For now, Uber remains a major force in the so-called 'sharing economy' with tens of thousands of drivers operating in dozens of countries "What the market underestimates is the importance of being likeable; the CEO needs to be likeable," Galloway said. Having a reputation for being disagreeable "will cost your shareholders billions." Galloway said Kalanick's image problems can affect not only customers, but regulators and the news media. "The media is more apt to create a pattern and publish more negative stories," he said. "I would say he's one screw-up away from being promoted to chairman." Analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group said Kalanick's rough-and-tumble image may not be suited to CEO of a major technology company. Kalanick "doesn't get the need for maintaining image," Enderle said. "He is relatively young, dropped out of college, and lacks the breadth of experience in business and education to give him the skills to deal with a lot of this stuff; which is why everything is turning into a crisis." "If this continues, he is going to have to step down to save the company," Enderle said. For now, Uber remains a major force in the so-called "sharing economy" with tens of thousands of drivers operating in dozens of countries. The latest missteps may be "a minor bump in the road" if Uber is able to recover, according to Chiagouris. "Uber provides an enormously valuable service and in many cases there are no cost effective alteratives," he said. "But Uber won't have an unlimited amount of goodwill if this continues." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles His leading lady Corrie's Tina O'Brien admits she's putting off planning her wedding to fiancé Adam Crofts... and says her daughter wants her to wear a 'meringue dress' Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in £21K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere BBC viewers are left RAGING as it's revealed the winners of Gary Barlow's Let It Shine will only be backing singers and NOT feature as a Take That-style band 'I forgive you for not always being there': Lily Collins pens an open letter to her music legend father forgiving him for 'not being the dad I expected' TV presenter Cherry Healey talks about lunch on the go, her three-year-old son's love of healthy eating as she tries M&S' new sushi  SPONSORED Flop Gear: Two million viewers abandon BBC's tribute act to Clarkson and Co - CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 'I'm maternal': Kate Moss discusses her model protégés as she stages her first talent agency photoshoot for VOGUE magazine The model mother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: One way to pass the time! Lauren Goodger swaps swimwear for lingerie as she flaunts slim figure in lace body on boozy Dubai trip I'm not exactly wealthy, says Joan Collins (who is worth £24million): Star, 83, blasts suggestion she is rich because she has no 'f**** you' money It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Oceans Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Back to (big screen) business 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Was up front with her Instagram followers 'I love my wife a lot': Joe Manganiello reveals he flew across the country to take wife Sofia Vergara on their first date... as he gushes she is 'the one' He should be so lucky! Window washer stumbles upon Kylie Minogue in her Sydney hotel room and the good sport singer poses for a cheeky snap  'Miss you so much papa!' Sheridan Smith dedicates fourth Olivier Award nomination to late father Colin after being recognised for leading role in Funny Girl 'They are real divas': Call The Midwife's Charlotte Ritchie discusses the perils of working with newborn babies... as she teases upcoming wedding plot 'I didn't see that coming!': Emmerdale fans are left in shock as Joanie Wright suddenly dies minutes after being released from prison Unexpected shock EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm 18 weeks pregnant!' MIC finally teases the moment Binky Felstead tells her gobsmacked pals she's expecting a baby in the first trailer Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist She means business 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Poking fun Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Another day, another new beau 'I wanted John Bishop to smash it - all it's done is make me want to smash my TV': ITV's troubled Nightly Show gets a new host but is STILL slammed by fans Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Lily Donaldson shows off her incredible figure as she struts onto Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW runway in a tiny yellow crop top and sporty shorts Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes entire underboob at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show 'Dream's cousin Reign is the sweetest': Rob Kardashian shares heart-melting video of Kourtney's son kissing his baby daughter A mother's love Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression 'She is absolutely stealing this series': Julie Hesmondhalgh is praised for her role as a rape victim... but viewers are left alarmed with police treatment The victim is terrorised again and her husband destroys evidence...The dark secrets were just beginning in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley  No Bad Blood here! Tom Hiddleston poses backstage with Taylor Swift's longtime pal Ed Sheeran Still pals with her squad despite split Could there be terror on the cobbles? Corrie's Rob Donovan is pictured back at ITV studios after his character got sentenced for 25 years for killing Tina McIntyre  FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl... as a villain Played Lois Lane  Jennifer Lopez flaunts her ample cleavage and hourglass curves in a figure-hugging grey dress as she films Watch What Happens Live Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her Brisbane concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' Smoking hot! Jonah Hill puffs on cigarette as he shows off slimmer frame in denim on solo outing Looked slimmer than ever 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' Bizarre clip  'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Not exactly the usual gym gear 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' in Byron Bay Katie Maloney cries after Lisa Vanderpump declines to officiate her wedding on Vanderpump Rules Keeps arguing with her fiancé Doing a Taylor? Kylie Minogue reveals breakup album following her split with Joshua Sasse as she stuns in slinky slip dress at Specsavers event 'Can we please just do it?' Kylie Minogue reaffirms support for Oz marriage equality after ex-fiance Joshua Sasse ditches their Say I Do Down Under campaign  Supermarket sweep! Charlize Theron swaps haute couture for laidback chic as she steps out in a pair of burgundy joggers while grocery shopping in LA Make-up free Mena Suvari works up a sweat at Cycle for Survival to support rare cancer research Got on her bike for charity  The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair! Laura Whitmore shows off her enviably slender pins in a pair of skin-tight leather trousers as she attends musical showcase in Soho  EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Share sultry photos from her latest comedy 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC She's never looked better  Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Fast woman! Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba Carole King stuns the West End cast of Beautiful as she makes a surprise visit to see them perform her hits Left the leading lady of the musical gobsmacked Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognisable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo Top of the crops! Julianne Hough shows off her abs of steel in gym photoshoot Looked super fit as she posed up a storm at the gym 'I quit drugs': SNL's Pete Davidson, 23, admits he's 'happy and sober' for the first time in eight years Emotional post on Monday Talk about a babyface! Lisa Kudrow, 53, looks ageless in black as she stars at Boss Baby event in Beverly Hills Never seems to get any older Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale All bite on the night Jack Cassidy from The Partridge Family group tries out on The Voice and picks Alicia Keys to be his coach The Voice could bring back a new era Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen PFW Show... before nipping across town to catch Rihanna's new collection  The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Out and about Emma Roberts' Range Rover 'hit a tree at her tequila-themed birthday party after valet forgot to put vehicle in park' Not the best surprise when she left Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Always looks the part Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness for her return to stage Bra-vo! Elisha Cuthbert exposes her undergarment in gray sheer top at premiere for Goon: Last Of The Enforcers Sheer delight 'He needed a wheelchair!' Kate Garraway reveals two-week sex challenge with husband ended in A&E... as she relives crotch-less knicker HORROR Lady in red! Brooke Shields is radiant in sleeveless dress at fundraising gala in NYC Brooke wore her long brunette hair loose and sleekly styled She's ripped! Hilary Duff shows off her toned legs in torn skinny jeans as she goes on a coffee run in LA  Needed a caffeine fix as she ran errands Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Two Oscar-winning legends unite PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Marriage is a walk in the park! Michelle Keegan joins husband Mark Wright for a stroll with dogs... after shooting down 'marital strife'  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere Looked chic Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' High School Musical star was back to working out Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses The 18-year-old looked casual in a pair of baggy Givenchy track pants A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Rocking some chic Seventies style EXCLUSIVE! 'My gut said don't do it': MIC's resident musician Julius Cowdrey reveals he had the chance to be on The Voice and X Factor... but it didn't feel right 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Split from her husband in November  She's a Barbie girl! Sophie Monk proves she's still a kid at heart as she posts a bizarre video of her playing dolls with her niece A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing Dancing On Ice'to make a surprise comeback' three years after it was axed... as ITV bosses 'believe the decision to cancel the show was a mistake'  Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Harry Potter And The Cursed Child is up for ELEVEN Olivier awards...the most ever for a new West End play  Wowing critics and audiences 'Anyone who has success in this industry is marginalized!' Cate Blanchett defends 'cultural elite' and says her moral compass is in her VAGINA  Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set There is a very impressive line up Sweet like candy! Millie Mackintosh struts her way to a meeting in Paris in a bubblegum pink power suit with feathered cuffs Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith James Bond's ride of choice is an Aston Martin Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumours his romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction six months after split 'It's not been the easiest times of late': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy swimsuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode An epic voyage cast adrift in a sea of tears and whingeing: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22 He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Perth show 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru  Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he plays Disney's first gay character Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Chic Melissa George makes rare public appearance at Hermes show at Paris Fashion Week after alleged domestic violence incident with partner Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It The two-time Emmy-winning star  Real Housewives of Miami star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Lends his voice 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Fan favourites From Ramsay street to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic folk tale Megan McKenna and Amber Turner enjoy a girls' night out in Essex... as their love life drama airs in explosive new series of TOWIE Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA 'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz  reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Don't Reed too much into who this ex couple have been hanging out with 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident 'There's something I need that I can't get from you!' Chloe Sims shoots down Liam Gatsby's attempts to win her back Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor 'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns on her arm Had to cancel a concert in Memphis  The pecs factor! Joe McElderry shows off his impressive weight-loss in a sizzling shirtless snap Former X Factor winner has been working out Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer 'She RUINED her!' Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining about the New Zealand native's new track Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Fans already know who The Bachelorette will be 'It's a myth that men have the lead': Kyle Sandilands, 45, reveals girlfriend Imogen Anthony, 26, is in control of life at home Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Danniella Westbrook dons a colourful kaftan and treats herself to cocktails as she hits the pool in Spain with a pal Recently hinted she is planning another boob job Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York EOTB star Chloe Goodman's plunging swimsuit barely contains her impressive bust as she flaunts her curves while jet skiing in Lanzarote Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Chloe Khan flaunts her incredibly svelte figure as she poses in nothing but a THONG for titillating Snapchat... after split from Ashley Cain Worse for wear Chloe Lewis FINALLY goes public with new beau Danny Fisher as they lock lips while frolicking in the street on London night out Lauren Goodger suffer MAJOR social media fail as she accidentally shares PR message to accompany her throwback Instagram snap A blank canvas! Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection  Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  'Starting to get back into shape': Greg Rutherford flashes his perfectly sculpted abs in nothing but grey shorts for sizzling Instagram selfie Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, just two weeks after giving birth to a baby daughter 'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Her parents' beauty So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work Jameson Moon  looked to be engaged in some loud crying  Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy Astonishing footage shows snarling 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Kendall Jenner nails casual glamour in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff while revealing pants are 'optional' in her house on Sundays 'Milk life!': Amber Tamblyn shares a selfie where she has breast milk stains on her T-shirt after feeding her newborn girl 'We were both terrified!': Pregnant Chanelle Hayes thought she was dying from cancer before being told she was expecting her second child 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics,  She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park Single mum? Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico 'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken Ed Sheeran is reduced to tears during Comic Relief trip to Liberia as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Where's my TARDIS? Lily James and boyfriend Matt Smith make rare public appearance together as they go for a casual shopping trip in the rain Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn flaunts her ample assets in a plunging dress as she parties with boxer Floyd Mayweather in Newcastle SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Maria Connor makes a dramatic return as she is released from prison... and has a fiery encounter with Aidan Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross - as her father faces controversy over Obama tapping claims Imogen Thomas flashes her slender pins in a flirty thigh-skimming mini dress as she enjoys dinner in London  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd tenderly cradles her bump as she enjoys casual pub lunch with fiancé Michael O'Neill and her three children Blossoming stomach Eighties boy band Bros cancel more than half the dates on their £10m comeback tour, sparking speculation it was because of poor ticket sales  'My wife loves my sausage in the hole': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield get into hysterics over Gino D'Acampo's innuendo-filled cooking segment A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris New eye-catching outfit Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitos at her Brisbane gig Left audience in stitches  'We get it, she has boobs!': TOWIE fans left confused after cameraman zooms in on Kate Wright's sweaty chest TWICE during her workout TOWIE's Dan Edgar gets VERY cosy with newbie Amber Turner... after furiously denying being anything more than friends in explosive scenes  Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Supermodel strut Well she does host Saturday Night Takeaway! Make-up free Scarlett Moffatt enjoys a day off the diet as she gets pizza delivery after losing three dress sizes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am reveals he approves of pregnant Cheryl's union with Liam Payne... but REFUSES to confirm birth Russian model Elena Perminova wears a sheer bralet OVER her white crop top and very high-slit skirt at Giambattista Valli's PFW show LACY Mecklenburgh: Former TOWIE star wears red and black dress with semi-sheer panel as she attends Leonard Paris fashion show... after finding love Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King Music video advert Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress as she heads to dinner in LA Blessed with killer curves Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London Oozed spring vibes  Myleene Klass cuts a chic figure in tapered pink trousers and giant shades as she heads to her radio show Turning heads as she sashayed to work 'Trump should not have been elected': Leighton Meester admits the election tops the birth of HITLER as the historical event she would change 'Your stomach is small again in the last shot?' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images Prince Michael Jackson takes on his father's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids Good example Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her enviable toned body in skimpy multi coloured bikini as she enjoys a day on the beach with male pal Athan Kallas in Malibu Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favours this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Family times Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before Top Gear returns to screens without him 'I'd take him to therapy': Stacey Solomon reveals she would ask boyfriend Joe Swash to seek help if he decided he didn't want to marry her Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Black to basics: Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in embellished dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson at Stella McCartney's PFW show 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries with a friend  In all her natural glory Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Pregnant Chelsee Healey shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a tight nude top and flares as she steps out for the first time since announcing baby joy A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her dad in Melbourne... one month after split from fiance Joshua Sasse Riding high: The Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Sweet new images Megan McKenna appears FURIOUS while filming TOWIE after she admits she's only '20% happy' with boyfriend Pete Wicks following explosive series opener Girls' night out! Ferne McCann looks leggy in just an oversized designer tee and heels as she hits the town with demure Chloe Lewis TOWIE stars 'Geraldine' Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Enjoying quality time Chantelle Connelly shows off enviably slender figure and toned abs as she tops up her tan on the beach during idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I'm never getting married!' Susanna Reid reveals why she's not ready to date... as she admits she loves bantering with her GMB co-host Piers Morgan It's NOT Better Best Forgotten: Steps have reunited for a new pop song with the help of ABBA as they release music for the first time in FIVE years Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'She's incredibly excited!' Chanelle Hayes announces she's pregnant with her second child... following fears weight gain had left her infertile 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life Heavily pregnant Billie Faiers shows off bump in chic black midi dress as she and a glam Frankie Essex arrive at Amy Childs' baby shower Lock-ing lips! TOWIE star James enjoys very passionate smooch with new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou after making public apology for using his phone at the wheel Newly-slim Tina Malone can't hide her excitement as she books boob job and skin removal procedure... after facing cruel trolls over her 'wrinkly skin' 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following her Orlando Bloom split Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at stylish launch in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso The 'young one' from Britain's Got Talent act Stavros Flatley is arrested after police find a 'cannabis factory' worth over £50,000 in his London flat Lauren Pope flaunts her incredibly toned abs in a sexy cut-out swimsuit as she treats fans to a sizzling throwback selfie Dazzling  In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Once-troubled reality star of The Hills fame 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after the One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet 'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'F**king b***h!' TOWIE's Gatsby lashes out at 'clown' Pete Wicks in violent altercation... following expletive-laden row with 'chav' Megan McKenna Orange is the new blonde! Pixie Lott ditches her trademark platinum 'do as she debuts newly-dyed apricot locks Pop princess Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube ZTE Blade A2 Plus Review ZTE launched the Blade A2 Plus smartphone last month for Rs. 11,999. The phone comes with a massive 5000mAh battery. Is the 5000mAh battery enough reason to buy this phone? Let us see if this budget smartphone is worth the price tag in this detailed review. Display, Hardware and Design Similar to a number of phones out there, ZTE Blade A2 Plus also sports a unibody metal design and brings nothing new to the table. However, it does have solid build and feels quiet sturdy to hold. It has large bezels on top and bottom. There is an 8-megapixel front-facing camera, earpiece and proximity sensor. The phone sports a 5.5-inch 1080p 2.5D curved glass display which is good but the sunlight visibility is average. The display is decent for watching videos and gaming. A round capacitive home button is present below the display on the bezel while the back button is on the left and multi-tasking button on the right. The micro USB port is present at the bottom with loudspeaker grills on its either side. Volume rockers and power button are situated on the right while the left side houses the SIM card tray. Finally, the 3.5mm audio jack is present on the top. The phone measures 155×76.2×9.8mm and weighs 189 grams. It is heavy and feels bulky due to the 5000mAh battery. Moving on to the back, the phone has a fingerprint sensor below the camera module and LED flash. The ZTE branding is present in the middle. Camera The phone has a 13MP rear camera with dual-tone LED Flash, PDAF. The camera quality is just average. Macro images came out good while low light ones had lot of noise. The auto focus is also slow. Coming to the camera UI you have the usual settings HDR mode, picture-in-picture mode, panorama and so on. There is a gesture feature that lets you take a photo by making the ‘peace’ sign but it did not work most of the time during our testing period. The 8MP front camera is decent for selfies but mainly when there is good lighting. Check out the camera samples below. (Click on the images for full resolution quality ) Even though the spec sheet says that it can record video at 1080p resolution, the stock camera can record only at 720p HD resolution. The video quality is decent. Check out the sample below. Software, UI and Apps The phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Mi Favour 3.5 on top. I personally felt the UI is very childish and unattractive especially because of the big app icons. There is no app drawer on the phone and all the apps are front and center. The notification panel has usual shortcuts for WiFi, SIM setting, location and so on. You can add widgets as well to the screen. The phone comes bundled with apps like AccuWeather, Calculator, Clean Master, Family Mode, Private Space, Super Key, Gesture Motion and UC Browser. It also comes with usual set of Google apps. It has 4GB RAM out of which there is 2.3GB usable RAM, out of which 1.7GB is free when the default apps are running in the background. Out of 32GB internal storage you get 24GB of usable space. Music Player and FM Radio The music player is standard and has equalizer. FM radio lets you record music and you can save multiple radio stations. Fingerprint Sensor The fingerprint sensor which also doubles up as a clickable button is present at the back below the rear camera. It is just not very fast but just does the job for you. You can click on it to take screenshots. The fingerprint addition process is simple and you can add up to 5 fingerprints. It even offers functions like taking a photo by tapping the fingerprint reader, answering calls. Swiping down on the fingerprint sensor you can unfold the notification drawer and swipe up to fold it. You can swipe up on the fingerprint sensor to check recent apps. Finally, using the fingerprint sensor you can launch the gallery and swipe left or right to view pictures. Connectivity The phone comes with hybrid Dual SIM card slot that can house nano + nano / microSD card. The primary SIM supports 4G while the secondary SIM slot supports only 3G. Call and audio quality is decent while playing music and calling. Connectivity options on the phones include 4G VoLTE, WiFi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 and GPS. Performance and Benchmarks The phone is powered by 1.5 GHz Octa-Core MediaTek MT6750T 64-bit processor with Mali T860 GPU. It offers a decent performance that is lag free. The 4GB RAM is good for performance, gaming and multi tasking. However, the phone got heated from about 20-25 minutes of usage It scored 44846 in AnTuTu benchmark. It scored 2786 points in Vellamo Browser benchmark. It scored 1117 points in Vellamo Metal benchmark. It scored 9388 points in 3D Mark Ice Strom benchmark. Battery Life The phone has a 5000mAh battery that easily lasts for two days with moderate to high usage. It also comes with a Power Manager setting that has a Ultra Power saving mode which when enabled turns off all features like mobile data, Bluetooth, GPS. Only the basic functions like calls, SMS and other run in the background. The phone also displays high power consumption apps in the status bar. The phone achieved one charge rating of 15 hours and 18 minutes which is not the best considering the phone has a 5000mAh battery. Check out our the complete set of battery test results here. Conclusion The ZTE Blade A2 Plus is an average phone that fails to impress in terms of camera performance. The UI on the device is definitely not the best we have seen on phones and needs a major revamp. Although the price tag of Rs. 11,999 looks decent, the phone falls short to justify it. However, one area where the Blade A2 Plus scores is the battery performance and I am not sure how many customers would go the device only because of the large 5000mAh battery. It is available exclusively from Flipkart. Check out this list if you are looking for smartphones with long battery life. Pros Massive long-lasting Battery Additional phone controls via fingerprint sensor Decent performance Cons Average Camera Unattractive UI Average build Images by Sandeep Sarma Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on March 7, 2017March 7, 2017Categories Android, Reviews, ZTE Post navigation Previous Previous post: Samsung Galaxy S8 release moved to April 28 Next Next post: LG confirms Android 7.0 Nougat update for V10 and G4 but it will roll out only in Q2 and Q3 2017 respectively Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Play celebrates its 5th birthday: Here are top 5 most installed apps and games Google Translate now uses neural machine translation for Hindi, Russian and Vietnamese LG confirms Android 7.0 Nougat update for V10 and G4 but it will roll out only in Q2 and Q3 2017 respectively ZTE Blade A2 Plus Review Samsung Galaxy S8 release moved to April 28 Google rolls out March Android security update for Pixel and Nexus devices Today’s smartphones are as powerful as computers ! Does your microSD card match up your performance hungry smartphone? Fitbit Alta HR with continuous heart rate tracking announced for Rs. 14999 Facebook is testing ‘Dislike’ button and reactions for Messenger India Mobile Congress to kick-start in September, Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 2017 launched and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Politics and Nation LATEST NEWS Sri Lanka orders probe into Indian fisherman's killing Debt ridden companies to provide inbound M&A opportunities: Study PM Modi refused to meet all-party delegation: Pinarayi Vijayan Spirituality in India's strength: PM Narendra Modi Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file six reports of probe panel Kerala to go in for cloud seeding to tackle drought: Pinarayi Vijayan Assets of re-contesting MLAs in UP soar 82% in 5 years: ADR I'm coming to India soon: Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina Delhi Police bomb squads to get technology upgrade to minimise risks Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire AutoBFSIConstructionIndustrial Goods & ServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyServicesTechMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumET 2Good 4GoodCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented ET Home›News›Politics and Nation 02:45 PM | 07 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,000-48.63 NIFTY 50 8,946-17.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,910-35.00 USD/INR 66.68-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 turn rangebound; Infy, Tata Steel top losers Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Congress is a family-owned enterprise, says Karti Chidambaram By TNN | Updated: Mar 07, 2017, 11.34 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » V K Sasikala | Polls | Karti Chidambaram | Google | Donald Trump | AIADMK 'Such political parties are beyond redemption', he said. Assembly Elections 2017: Is Modi on a road to nowhere in Uttar Pradesh? CHENNAI: Former Union finance minister and veteran Congress member P Chidambaram's son Karti Chidambaram said on Monday that there was “ample space for a new political outfit as most of the existing parties, including Congress, are family-owned enterprises and have shut their door to aspiring politicians. “Most of the regional and national parties, including Congress, have become private family properties and are beyond redemption.Thus, a newcomer who is in terested in joining politics will not fit into any of these parties as he would have to praise the head or other leaders in the party ,“ said Karti.He was speaking at a function organised by Generation 67 (G67) to commemo rate 50 years of Dravi dian rule in TN. Blaming all parties for favouring only family members of members, Karti said, “Has any political party invited people like Google CEO Sundar Pichai or an IIT topper to contest elections? Whether it is Congress, BJP, DMK, AIADMK, or any other political party in the north, all are family-con trolled and an outsider has no chance.“ Incidentally , in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, Karti was fielded as the Congress candidate from Sivaganga, a constituency nurtured by his dad for 30 years. He said that G67 was not a political party in the making, but added that when Donald Trump could become US President within a short period, anything could happen in TN too. “Did anyone predict that Jayalalithaa would die, the next in command (OPS) would be expelled from the party and the party's powerful woman (V K Sasikala) would end up in prison? I cannot predict as to what will happen to G67,“ said Karti. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! READ MORE ON » V K Sasikala | Polls | Karti Chidambaram | Google | Donald Trump | AIADMK To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Trump's new order bans immigrants from 6 Muslim nations, except Iraq Reliance Jio's push for a 50% revenue market share may hurt Idea, Vodafone Chinese media likens PoK with Taiwan; asks India to back CPEC Bunty Sajdeh: The man who gets Virat Kohli his multi-million dollar endorsement deals China's economy will open up like never before: President Xi Jinping More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Dutch discontent: wealthy but angry Trump’s new travel order bars citizens from 6 Muslim nations A primer for Europeans in post-Brexit Britain FBI chief asked superiors to deny Trump wiretapping claim China overtakes eurozone as world’s biggest bank system US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump’s new travel order bars citizens from 6 Muslim nations FBI chief asked superiors to deny Trump wiretapping claim Trump clashes with FBI chief over Obama wiretap claim Republican tax reform could shake up global economy Trump adviser calls for deficit talks with Germany Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Uber employees lose faith and explore exit Return of Jaguar’s Land Rover Defender relished by off-road fans Standard Life buys rival Aberdeen for £3.8bn Electric cars: China’s battle for the battery market IBM aims to spark revolution in quantum computing Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Bloomberg fights to keep Pimco on Treasury trading platform Electric cars: China’s battle for the battery market Republican tax reform could shake up global economy Trump adviser calls for deficit talks with Germany Global equities weaker after N Korean missile launch rattles Asia Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Why do we let Warren Buffett get away with sexism? The isolation of Angela Merkel’s Germany A primer for Europeans in post-Brexit Britain Netanyahu and his friends caught in the spotlight Electric cars: China’s battle for the battery market Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Why do we let Warren Buffett get away with sexism? Spain’s IE Business School retains top spot in FT Online MBA Ranking 2017 Marco Bizzarri of Gucci remodels fashion for Instagram generation How skyscrapers will transform working life Online MBAs: digital degrees come of age Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the clothes-selling platform Depop is creating young entrepreneurs Philosopher Daniel Dennett on AI, robots and religion Audio: the full Stephen Fry and Lady Gaga interview How the world became hooked on social media The ups and downs of owning a remote Scottish island Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close World Add to myFT EU business group attacks Beijing industrial policy, the revival of Germany’s nightmare and mind-reading robots The EU Chamber of Commerce warns the plan may end up wasting a huge amount of capital FirstFT Read next North Korea bars Malaysians from leaving country Tuesday, 7 March, 2017 Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save March 7, 2017 by: Mercedes Ruehl, Neil Munshi and Siona Jenkins Sign up to receive FirstFT by email here The EU Chamber of Commerce in China has slammed Beijing’s “Made in China” plan in a 70-page critique of the country’s industrial policy. The manufacturing plan, which calls for a dramatic increase in domestically-made products in 10 sectors — from robotics to biopharmaceuticals — could be used to discriminate against foreign companies in favour of Chinese competitors, the chamber warned. The plan may also end up wasting a huge amount of capital. “We are saying this not to encourage protection but with an eye to the rise of populism across Europe,” said Jörg Wuttke, the chamber’s president. But the lobby group also argues that Europe stands to lose a chunk of the €170bn it currently earns in exports to the world’s second-largest economy. (FT, Reuters, WSJ, CNBC) In the news Travel ban 2.0 Donald Trump signed an executive order prohibiting citizens from Sudan, Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia and Yemen from entering the US in a second attempt at a travel ban after his first, hastier effort in January was knocked back by the courts. Iraq has been left off the list this time but there are “13 or 14” other countries that Homeland Security may review. Here is a list of what is new and what is not with the new ban. (FT, CNN, NYT) Snap, crackle and drop Shares in the owner of messaging app Snapchat lost 12 per cent on Monday, closing below last week’s $24 opening price on the New York Stock Exchange. Snap has so far received no “buy” ratings from any of the seven analysts who have issued reports on the company. (FT) Rise of the telepathic machines Does your robot need directions? Are you tired of having to use your voice or your computer to tell it what to do? Fear not! US researchers have built a “mind-reading device” that allows humans to instantly correct a robot with nothing more than brainwaves. But Baxter the Robot is no tech supervillain; it politely blushes when you are wrong. (FT, Wired) Trump adviser slams Germany on trade Peter Navarro, head of the White House’s new National Trade Council, called for bilateral negotiations with Berlin to reduce the US trade deficit with Germany, accusing Europe’s top economic power of hiding behind its membership of the EU. (FT) North Korea lashes out Pyongyang said it had temporarily banned Malaysians from leaving the country to ensure the safety of its diplomats and citizens in Malaysia amid an escalating row over the killing of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s half-brother. Then, well, Malaysia retaliated. Also, North Korea’s missile tests on Monday were a rehearsal for an attack on US forces in Japan, it has been revealed. (Reuters, FT) Much ado about oil Drastic cuts in oil industry investment risk creating a shortfall in supply that by 2020 will expose the market to a surge in prices, the International Energy Agency has said. The warning comes amid signs of revival among energy companies active in the British North Sea. (FT) It’s a big day for Brexit The House of Lords is expected to vote on Tuesday to amend legislation that will give Theresa May authority to start the Article 50 exit process, insisting that parliament should have a “meaningful vote” on the deal she agrees with the 27 other EU member states. Downing Street has warned peers that they could “incentivise” the EU to offer the UK a bad Brexit deal if they maintain their stance on parliament’s role in the deal. (FT) Keep up with the important business, economic and political stories in the coming days with the FT’s Week Ahead. Food for thought Stuck in the middle with Netanyahu Three criminal probes are testing Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s reputation for political invincibility, and he, his wife and his friends are all caught in the spotlight. (FT) Finance industry ups the ante Hedge funds, which have long used fat pay checks to lure employees, are improvising with new approaches to recruit scientists and engineers amid fierce demand for them from tech giants such as Google and Facebook. From “datathons” to rebranding themselves as “research centres”, here are some of the unusual ways some of the big funds are luring tech talent this year. (Bloomberg) Facebook Live’s dark side Nearly a year after rolling out the live-streaming feature, the company is grappling with the consequences — particularly how to censor the broadcast of violent content. (WSJ) Is this Trump’s worst deal? The US leader helped build a five-star hotel and residence in the capital of Azerbaijan. It is miles from the main business district, difficult to get to and still not open, nine years after it was first conceived. It also appears to be “a corrupt operation engineered by oligarchs tied to Iran’s Revolutionary Guard”. (New Yorker) The revival of Germany’s nightmare If Angela Merkel looks out from the glass box of the chancellor’s office in Berlin there is trouble on every horizon, writes the FT’s Gideon Rachman. “With so much going wrong for Germany, a huge amount hangs on the French election . . . If Marine Le Pen wins, the German nightmare will be complete.” (FT) Going back in time The Webb telescope has been 20 years in the making and will replace the Hubble when launched in late 2018. Its goal? Time travel — well, peering back into the darkest recesses of the past and helping scientists understand what happened following the Big Bang. It is “on the edge of impossible engineering” and much could go wrong. (Quartz) Video of the day Major warns against Brexit expectations The FT’s Henry Mance provides an update of the latest Brexit-related news, from Sir John Major’s warning to the Scottish referendum on independence. (FT) Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest in World North Korea bars Malaysians from leaving country Tuesday, 7 March, 2017 Deadly Myanmar clashes stoke peace process fears Tuesday, 7 March, 2017 German trade surplus sparks concern at home and abroad Tuesday, 7 March, 2017 Republicans unveil plan to repeal Obamacare Tuesday, 7 March, 2017 China confronts issue of excess corn stocks Tuesday, 7 March, 2017 Read latest North Korea bars Malaysians from leaving country Tuesday, 7 March, 2017 Latest in World Add to myFT Latest from FirstFT Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article FirstFT Add to myFT Global Economy Add to myFT Companies Add to myFT Markets Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Neil Munshi Add to myFT Mercedes Ruehl Add to myFT Siona Jenkins Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app </body> </html>
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Audio Speakers Sonos Playbase Sonos aims to revitalize the sound base category with the Playbase March 6, 2017 9:01 PM PST Sonos Playbase packs in a lot of bass by Ty Pendlebury 1:41 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Sonos It's been 18 months since Sonos' last product and today we finally look at what the company has been working on this whole time: the Playbase TV speaker. The Playbase is Sonos' second home theater component after the Playbar (which remains in the lineup) and it's designed for people who don't want to wall mount their TVs. Like the Yamaha sound projectors, the Playbase is designed to bounce sound off the walls of your living space to give you a room-filling sound. Sonos actually started working on the Playbase in 2013 just as the sound base was gaining in popularity. Sound bases are speakers designed for a TV with a centralized base to be placed on top of them. However, recent changes to TV designs -- namely that stand legs are placed at each end instead of in the middle -- have meant that the sound base category has faltered to some degree. However, Sonos isn't concerned by these developments as it says its 2.28-inch high sound base will fit under many of the new-style TVs. Its top plate is designed to hold televisions up to 75 pounds (or 34 kilograms). The Playbase includes six midrange drivers, three tweeters and a woofer feeding a bass port which the company calls the S-tube. This port snakes through the chassis giving the unit its weighty bass response while also passively cooling the components inside. (And yes, Sonos engineers told us they'd considered calling it the PlayBASS.) The Playbase acts as a base for your TV. Sonos If you feel that the Playbase isn't giving you enough of the deep stuff the unit will connect wirelessly to the Sub, and you can complete the system with a pair of Sonos rears for a 5.1 surround setup if you wish. Design-wise the Playbase resembles the latest Play:5 with the same control configuration and minimalist aesthetic. But the Playbase's grill is smarter than most -- it's designed to completely disguise the drivers inside while also bearing small holes still wide enough on one side of the device to exhaust bass -- which means no huge distracting hole. Related Links Sonos Playbar review Best Wi-Fi and multiroom music systems Bluetooth vs Sonos vs Play-Fi vs Chromecast Best sound bases of 2017 While this is predominantly a home theater component, designed to make your TV sound better, the Playbase is also a Sonos. This means the Playbase uses Wi-Fi to stream music from dozens of services and network devices using Sonos' proprietary multiroom system. While Sonos was one of the first such systems it is no longer the last with competition from Bose's SoundTouch, DTS Play-Fi, Samsung Shape and Google's Chromecast Audio. Based on what we heard, the Playbase has a huge sound reminiscent of other products like Mass Fidelity's The Core or Yamaha's YSP soundbars. The performance we heard wasn't quite "hi-fi" but it was a big, enjoyable sound you could dance to. Sonos' sound experience leader Giles Martin, who was present at the demo, described the sound as "phantom stereo". He explained that the device uses its multiple drivers to create a stereo effect, much in the same way as a stereo system creates a "phantom center". The Sonos Playbase will be available on April 4 2017 for $699, £699 or AU$999. It will be available for preorder from today for pre-existing Sonos owners. Will the Playbase re-energise the sound base category? While it's too early to tell we look forward to testing the speaker in the CNET labs in the coming weeks. Hot Products Amazon Echo Starting at: $179.99 The connected home experience you didn't know you wanted Apple iPhone 7 Starting at: $649.00 Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack Samsung Galaxy S7 Starting at: $402.55 Nailed it Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Starting at: $365.12 The best iPad ever can't quite kill your laptop -- yet   Discuss: Sonos PLAYBASE (White) Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy Sonos PLAYBASE (White) Part Number: PBASEUS1 1 Related Model Sonos PLAYBASE (Black) pbaseus1blk Visit manufacturer site for details. Quick Specifications See All Color white Speaker Type sound stand Connectivity Technology wired Amplification Type active Crossover Channel Qty 3-way About The Author facebook twitter google Ty Pendlebury Ty Pendlebury reviews televisions in CNET's New York office. He originally hails from CNET Australia. Ty's interests include gaming, indie music, hi-fi, streaming media, movies, literature, and cycling. CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Tuesday, 07 Mar 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Tuesday, 07 Mar 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   GM eyes autonomous future as it sells Opel Share Tweet GM eyes autonomous future as it sells Opel GM is in a race with longti­me rival Ford and others to produc­e autono­mous cars By AFP Published: March 7, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email GM is in a race with longtime rival Ford and others to produce autonomous cars. PHOTO: REUTERS NEW YORK: The move by US auto giant General Motors to offload money-losing European brand Opel marks its latest effort to focus on more profitable markets and autonomous driving technology. The largest US automaker announced Monday the sale of European brands Opel and Vauxhall to French automaker PSA for 1.3 billion euros ($1.4 billion), pulling away from a region that has produced 16 years of losses totaling $15 billion. While the transaction is expected to drop GM from its rank as the world’s third biggest automaker in terms of sales, it could  provide the company with $1.4 billion in available cashflow, analysts said. “GM opts for profitability over scale,” Jairam Nathan, analyst at Daiwa Capital Markets, said of the deal. BMW, Mobileye in deal to collect map data for self-driving cars Maryann Keller of the automotive consultancy Maryann Keller & Associates, described the move as born of “common sense” and the recognition of the need to prepare for a new era. “The height of Europe’s technical leadership was when cars were largely propelled by mechanical components,” Keller said in a note. “But that leadership has eroded with the introduction of advanced electronics in all vehicle systems. “With the auto industry now aiming for autonomous and connected cars, the epicenter of technical leadership is in the US and not across the Atlantic.” In Europe, GM has suffered as it has built smaller cars that have leaner profit margins in a region where labor laws are less flexible than in the United States. Since taking over at GM in 2014, chief executive Mary Barra has emphasized profitability over sales. In early 2015, the company stopped production in Thailand and Indonesia and abandoned Russia. Barra said Monday that GM would continue to sell a modest number of cars in Europe through its Cadillac line as well as continued presence with the iconic Corvette and Camaro sportscars. While GM has pulled back from less-profitable regions, it has continued to invest in North America, where robust sales of sport utility vehicles and pickups have led to strong profits the last couple of years. Meet Waymo, Google’s self-driving car company GM also is targeting China, which led the global auto market in 2016 with 28 million in car sales last year. Sales of GM’s Buick line and Wuling, part of a joint venture with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp, in 2016 sold two times as many cars as Opel and Vauxhall. Overall, GM’s sales in China rose seven percent to 3.9 million cars. GM President Dan Ammann said the Opel deal allows the company”to more sharply focus our time and resources on higher-growth, higher-return investments in our core automotive business and in new technologies that are transforming our industry.” GM is in a race with longtime rival Ford and others to produce autonomous cars, seen as the next big frontier in the industry that is expected to demand resources and attention. Analysts Keller said, “The auto industry is in the process of redefining ‘what is a car’ as well as the purpose of automakers in the car’s evolutionary future.” “This paradigm shift will require automakers to seek significant capital to fund future acquisitions and investments.” Read more: Automakers , GM , self-driving cars Read full story Recommended Stories Uber used secret tool to evade authorities Uber used the tool to avoid authorities in markets where its service faced resistance law enforcement Norway says half of new cars now electric or hybrid Sales of all electric and hybrid cars accounted for a combined 51.4 percent Google shows improved self-driving system in Chrysler Pacifica Waymo planned to test the first self-driving Pacificas this month on public roads in California and Arizona Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Woman caught filming female swimmers at Islamabad gym 2 Karan Johar asks Kangana to leave Bollywood if it's that bad 3 Pakistan warns Trump’s generals: ‘Sort out Afghanistan mess or Russia will intervene’ 4 Peshawar celebrate PSL win in style 5 Imran Khan in eye of storm over 'vile' comments about foreign PSL players 6 PSL moments: From Meera forgetting her ticket to Trump betting on Quetta Gladiators 7 Pakistan claims India's tallest flag an instrument for 'espionage' 8 Hacker reveals 'simple trick' to get free Uber rides for life 9 Trump signs new travel ban targeting six Muslim nations 10 5 soldiers killed as militants attack check posts in Mohmand Agency Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers More in TechnologyLuxury in focus as Geneva car show opens © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews iPhone All 2019 iPhones Will Have OLED Display and 5nm ARM Processor By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on March 7, 2017 03:42 PM About a week ago, Digitimes reported that the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company is pushing for its 5nm process technology. According to the said report, the company is aiming to start production as early as 2019. This sparked rumors that 2019 iPhones could sport the latest 5nm ARM chips from TSMC. Now it would seem that not only 5nm ARM chips are a rage. Rumor has it that Apple is planning on implementing OLED displays on future iPhones as well. According to the Korean publication The Bell, Apple is considering doubling its OLED usage by 2018. Furthermore, this will be upgraded to full blown OLED usage by the following year. This means that all iPhone models coming from Apple in the next couple of years will sport OLED displays. The report also claimed that Samsung will be the primary supplier of the said displays for Apple. This report is somehow strange given Apple’s aversion to OLED displays. Furthermore, it has been reported earlier that Apple is investing heavily on a new display technology, the micro-LED. In fact, rumour has it that the upcoming Apple Watch Series 3 will be sporting such display. iPhone 8 concept by Deuxani (via forums.macrumors.com) The only reason why Apple will switch to an all OLED product by 2019 is that micro-LED mass production is still not viable. At the moment, no company can produce micro-LED panels that are big enough for a mobile device. That is why for the time being, the use is still limited to smart watches like the Apple Watch. Experts believe that Apple will only use the OLED as a platform before it switches to the micro-LED display. Micro-LED display technology is still quite juvenile in comparison to LCD and OLED. However, once the process has been perfected, micro-LED displays can offer higher efficiency compared to an OLED display. Furthermore, it is at least 30 times brighter and lasts a lot longer than OLED. This year, Apple reportedly ordered 80 million OLED panels for the upcoming iPhone 8. This makes up around 40 percent of Apple’s entire iPhone production for 2017. The company is aiming to sell around 200 million iPhone units in the last quarter of this fiscal year. For more updates on future iPhones, be sure to check out TheBitbag. Also Read: Google To Go Head-To-Head Against Apple With Google Pixel 2 Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:2019 iPhone, iPhone, iPhone 8 Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Mac Rumors 2017: Japanese Report ‘Confirms’ 5.8-Inch iPhone 8, Apple’s Largest iPhone Yet Analyst Disputed iPhone 8 USB Type-C Rumor; Keeping Lightning Port and Adding Fast Charging Apple to Ditch Lightning Port on the iPhone 8 in Favor of USB Type-C – Report About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Life Odyssey: New Mobile RPG Mixes Pokemon GO with Final Fantasy Pokemon GO: Fans Want Incubator Bundles Pokemon GO Snorlax Event To Happen In US, UK & Australia? Other Rare Pokemon Events That Need To Happen This 2017 Life Odyssey: New Mobile RPG Mixes Pokemon GO with Final Fantasy Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Red Dead Redemption 2 PC Release, Backwards Compatibility Update: What To Expect After GTA V Online Update An online campaign for Red Dead Redemption 2’s PC release is gaining traction among... Final Fantasy 15 Off-Road Regalia: New Vehicle Redesign Revealed At GDC 2017 There has been some excitement surrounding the Final Fantasy 15 off-road Regalia, which has... Injustice 2 Next Character Reveal After Dr. Fate Next Week; Green Lantern And Green Arrow Possibly In Mid-March Injustice 2 continues to be one of the most anticipated fighters of 2017 and... Ghost Recon Wildlands PvP: Class-Based Multiplayer Could Be Patterned After Future Soldier Recently, Ubisoft announced a free PvP mode on their Ghost Recon Wildlands post-launch and... Overwach Orisa Abilities: How The New Hero Stacks Up Against Other Characters Blizzard Entertainment recently released the new Overwatch hero, Orisa, on its test servers. Public... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android featured Xbox One Sony Nintendo mobile gaming iPhone google Samsung Pokemon Ubisoft ps4 Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS facebook pokemon sun and moon Editors Pick EA playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 NBA 2k17 iPad Blizzard Game of Thrones games Overwatch NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 7 March 2017 | MYT 1:25 PM Snap shares sink as IPO euphoria vanishes Ephemeral profits?: On March 6, five of seven financial analysts covering Snap advised investors to “sell” the stock, and none were advising buying shares, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. — Bloomberg SAN FRANCISCO: Shares of Snapchat parent company Snap sank on March 6 as euphoria that marked its public debut on Wall Street last week vanished like the service’s ephemeral messages.  Snap shares were down 2.26% to US$23.77 (RM105.81) at the close of formal trading on the New York Stock Exchange.  Snap shares rocketed March 2 after making their debut on Wall Street, with investors keen to get their hands on shares.  Snap jumped 44% to close at US$24.48 (RM108.97) in its inaugural trading day, after raising US$3.4bil (RM15.12bil) in the richest US tech company listing since Facebook in 2012.  The Southern California startup known for its disappearing photo messages had priced its offering at US$17 (RM75.63) to give it a market value of US$24bil (RM106.84bil).  The strong debut lifted its value to US$28bil (RM124.57bil), or more than double that of social media rival Twitter, which went public in 2013.  Snap shares climbed even higher on March 3.  Analysts have offered mixed views on the future of Snap, debating whether it can mimic the success of Facebook or end up in the tech junkyard.  On March 6, five of seven financial analysts covering Snap advised investors to “sell” the stock, and none were advising buying shares, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.  Snapchat, which became a hit with teenagers and young adults due to messages that vanish after being viewed, reported that 161 million people used the service daily in December.  The company also claimed growing revenue, but has yet to report a profit.  Snap makes money from digital advertising, where it faces competition from Internet giants Google and Facebook.  Some analysts sceptical about Snap point to the example of Twitter, which has seen only modest increases in its user base since its 2013 IPO, and now trades well below its offering price.  It remains unclear if Snap can expand beyond its core base of young users or how it will fare in many international markets in a competitive social media landscape. — AFP Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Foreign News , Corporate News , Stocks Analysis , Technology Related Stories You May Be Interested Malaysian shuttlers safe after an eventful flight to Birmingham Pyongyang bans Malaysians from leaving N. Korea Rich Gen-Y kids making their own mark Residents say project is risky Kampung Baru Kelab Suleiman Gallery left abandoned, falling to pieces This photographer takes striking shots with mobile camera Others Also Read MATTA: Visa requirement won’t affect tourism Tennis Australia president Healy to resign next month Gurney Plaza gripped by Logan mania advertisement Latest News Agencies urged to be assertive in pursuing enforcement of competition law TomTom banks on partnerships to help drivers escape traffic jams Celcom offers RM1mil worth of cash prizes for shoot-em-up game South Korean startups band together to survive in land of the chaebol WhatsApp joins arsenal of online luxury amid race for customers Most Viewed in Tech WhatsApp joins arsenal of online luxury amid race for customers South Korean startups band together to survive in land of the chaebol Uber needs more than ‘leadership help’ for its boss: opinion Celcom offers RM1mil worth of cash prizes for shoot-em-up game Uber skids have Lyft steering for passing lane Facebook doesn’t understand German, at least not in court Photo Kit: Another one bites the dust TomTom banks on partnerships to help drivers escape traffic jams Honor 6X: Phone on a budget This startup wants to bring AR to the iPhone before Apple does Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Contact Us Contests News Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Carriers Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 8:52 AM ESTLG V20 to launch at Bell, Fido and Rogers starting March 9 Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Manufacturers Mar 6, 2017 8:03 AM ESTNew images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal display and on-screen home ... Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Phones Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Mar 6, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 release date is reportedly pushed back by a week Mar 6, 2017 9:43 AM ESTRogers starts rolling out Android Nougat to the Moto Z Play Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 6, 2017 9:00 AM ESTFitbit’s new Alta HR is the smallest fitness tracker to include ... Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 3:02 PM ESTNintendo Switch Joy-con controllers work with Android, PC and Mac Mar 6, 2017 2:57 PM ESTFacebook considers adding ‘Reactions’ to Messenger Mar 6, 2017 1:28 PM ESTNintendo says dead pixels on the Switch’s tablet are ‘norm... Mar 6, 2017 11:56 AM ESTRBC, Scotiabank lead Canadian banks for embracing FinTech innovation, ... Mar 6, 2017 10:36 AM ESTNintendo responds to Switch Joy-con controller connectivity issues Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Reviews Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Carriers Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Reviews PREVIOUS Sonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV By Ted Kritsonis Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EST 0 comments Sonos wants the real estate under your TV — literally. After trying its hand a few years ago with the Playbar, the audio stalwart is now adding another form factor to lie under your flat-panel with the Playbase. The Playbase is a departure from just about anything Sonos has built to date. Its flattened form factor is the thinnest speaker the company has produced, measuring 2.3-inches thick, and spreading out 28-inches wide and 17-inches deep. Designed to handle up to 75 pounds of weight on top of it, the Playbase should be perfectly fine underneath most TVs with regular stands. It may even nestle under nicely for larger models that use wider leg stands. Or you could always mount the TV on the wall and leave the Playbase on top of the entertainment unit sitting in front. Sonos outlined all of these scenarios in a hands-on with the product at its offices in Boston where much of the hardware development took place. Laying it down While it would be reasonable to assume the Playbase is going to replace the Playbar, Sonos has no intention of cannibalizing itself. The company intends to keep selling its sound bar for the foreseeable future, suggesting there is still a market for that form factor. Sonos cites its own research noting 70 percent of TVs in people’s homes aren’t wall-mounted, so engineers figured it would be best to make something that can lay flat. A tall order to build a booming speaker in such an unusual build, but that’s essentially what the Playbase is. What’s different between the two beyond form factor? Bass response sounded punchier on the Playbase, especially without the Sonos Sub involved — a point Sonos engineers didn’t dispute. There are technical reasons that involve airflow and the internal subwoofer, but outside of that, there isn’t supposed to be a big audible difference between them otherwise. The same Dialogue Enhancement and Night Mode features introduced in the Playbar will also be available here. The grill in front that also slightly flanks the sides has 43,000 holes drilled in five different sizes, with the larger ones positioned towards the subwoofer and ventilation on the sides. The back only has three ports — power, optical audio (Toslink) and Ethernet. It supports Wi-Fi like every other Sonos speaker and can be grouped with others to spread out playback into other rooms. Basic touch-enabled playback controls on the top have also carried over from the Play:5 Not surprisingly, the Playbase will come in black and white versions, maintaining the binary design choices inherent in the company’s speakers. Under the hood From a technical perspective, the guts of the Playbase are made up of ten Class-D digital amplifiers, broken down into six mid-range, three tweeters and one woofer. The polycarbonate body is sturdy enough to not only handle the weight of a TV on top of it, but to also avoid vibrations that might distort the sound. It weighs under 9kg (19lb) on its own, so it’s got a little heft but is by no means heavy. By comparison, the Playbar is lighter at 4.9kb (11lb), though protrudes laterally a further 17cm (7-inches). As noted, it can connect wirelessly to a Sonos Sub, as well as two paired stereo speakers for 5.1-surround. They would need to be Sonos speakers, of course, and ideally Play:1s. You can do it with Play:3s or Play:5s, but one of the audio engineers suggested that might be “overkill” for most living rooms or basements. The lack of HDMI could be vexing for some hoping to have more pass-through options. For example, not every TV or streaming set-top box may work seamlessly with the surround sound setup. Sonos experts on hand were a little evasive, saying that it would work fine in most circumstances, but only further testing would bear that out. Sonos had previously announced the dormant microphones on the Play:5 would finally get some use by integrating Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant into the company’s system in 2017. It wasn’t available to test hands-on, but the demo worked reasonably well. That will happen before the end of the year, except there is no exclusivity agreement. Other platforms, like Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana could also be technically integrated. Sonos CEO Patrick Spence was mum on whether users can expect something to happen with another provider in the same timeframe. This is a good thing because the lack of an Aux-In port negates the possibility of plugging in an Amazon Echo or Echo Dot and have Alexa commands run through it. The Play:5 has that port, and having paired the two products myself, I’ve seen how good they can be together. Offering this more seamlessly in a wireless setup should bode well whenever the Echo and Echo Dot become widely available in Canada. Audio quality I mentioned the punchier bass coming out of the Playbase. It’s no substitute for the extra rumbling Sonos’ Sub can tack on, but the resonance was palpable in the listening sessions I was exposed to. Hearing it in an acoustically balanced room or in someone’s Boston home, as I had the chance to do, performance was superb all around. There was a crispness to the highs and mids that was easy to like, with stereo separation that enveloped a room better than I would have expected from such a flat design. Given I was among other journalists’ with varying musical tastes, I listened to tunes from different genres over the course of a day and a half. Be it hip hop, rock, jazz, pop, soul, house or classical, results were pretty consistent throughout. TV and movie footage also came through very well. Dialogue was clear, with background music and sound effects nicely balanced. One scene from Spectre, where a collapsing building almost crushes James Bond, sounded especially good. Another from Star Wars: The Force Awakens showing an aerial attack on an enemy base was more frantic, yet very clear. Plus, it can get loud — louder than I thought it could. Distortion wasn’t prevalent, but like any speaker, even the Playbase will have a tipping point. The good news is that it appears unlikely you would reach it in most scenarios. Trueplay, Sonos’ software-based audio calibration tool to improve fidelity in whatever room it’s in, was on in most cases, but not all, so as to demonstrate the difference. Trueplay has been out for a while, and was recently added to the Playbar. Part of what makes this all work is the way sound bounces off walls and other surfaces. Unlike the Playbar, which could angle forward or straight up, the Playbase is limited. The angular grill does help blare out audio to the sides, but my impression is this speaker will do better in reasonably confined spaces with at least one wall not too far away. Having had the Playbar before for about a year, I can attest to the improved bass in the Playbase. It just sounds deeper. My TV is wall-mounted, so the form factor also makes more sense, since I can put it on top of a smaller entertainment unit and then put a game console or some other box on top of it. Drilling more holes in the wall to mount a sound bar wasn’t what I wanted to do, and hence, the Playbar always rested on the entertainment unit in front. In effect, the Playbase would be all that’s needed in a TV viewing room, save for a pair of Play:1s to create a surround setup. It’s more than capable of playing music loud and clear enough, removing any need to have a separate Sonos speaker nearby for music playback. Coming soon Sonos is making the Playbase available for pre-orders starting today for all registered Sonos users have a product and account. The price is $899.99 CAD ($699 USD), and the global launch, including Canada, has been confirmed for April 4th. The Playbar is the same price, yet another indication of how Sonos views them both in its lineup. It comes down to what form factor you’re looking for. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Related Articles Reviews Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Reviews Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Reviews Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Reviews Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Comments Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... All News Carriers Mar 6, 2017 8:37 PM ESTSaskatchewan Premier says SaskTel sale is off the table, but is consid... Mar 6, 2017 8:52 AM ESTLG V20 to launch at Bell, Fido and Rogers starting March 9 Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Manufacturers Mar 6, 2017 8:03 AM ESTNew images of the Samsung Galaxy S8 reveal display and on-screen home ... Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Phones Mar 6, 2017 4:44 PM ESTGoogle may still release an affordable Pixel 2, but don’t expect... Mar 6, 2017 3:30 PM ESTMarch 2017 Android security update now available for Pixel and Nexus d... Mar 6, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 release date is reportedly pushed back by a week Mar 6, 2017 9:43 AM ESTRogers starts rolling out Android Nougat to the Moto Z Play Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 6, 2017 9:00 AM ESTFitbit’s new Alta HR is the smallest fitness tracker to include ... Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 6, 2017 9:36 PM ESTNintendo says Switch had highest first two-day Americas sales numbers ... Mar 6, 2017 7:37 PM ESTGoogle Play celebrates five years with all-time top five download lists Mar 6, 2017 4:46 PM ESTSomeone fixed the Switch’s Joy-con connectivity issue by opening... Mar 6, 2017 3:02 PM ESTNintendo Switch Joy-con controllers work with Android, PC and Mac Mar 6, 2017 2:57 PM ESTFacebook considers adding ‘Reactions’ to Messenger Mar 6, 2017 1:28 PM ESTNintendo says dead pixels on the Switch’s tablet are ‘norm... Mar 6, 2017 11:56 AM ESTRBC, Scotiabank lead Canadian banks for embracing FinTech innovation, ... Mar 6, 2017 10:36 AM ESTNintendo responds to Switch Joy-con controller connectivity issues Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Reviews Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo All Reviews Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM ESTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster All Resources How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages All Business Carriers Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM ESTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 6, 2017 3:44 PM ESTWearable sales grew almost 17 percent in Q4 2016, says IDC report Mar 6, 2017 3:27 PM ESTCanadian businesses can now use Stripe to accept payments in 130 curre... Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES All Syrup Community SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News World Patent Marketing Invention Team Presents The Virtual Ordering And Operating System, A Technological Invention That Improves The Efficiency Of Placing Orders The Virtual Ordering and Operating System is a wireless touchscreen tablet that allows people to select goods and services. The global technological industry is worth $2.8 trillion,” says Scott Cooper, CEO and Creative Director of World Patent Marketing. „Exponential technologies, such as robotics, virtual reality, 3D printing, and artificial intelligence are key areas… Past News Releases RSS Miami, FL (PRWEB) March 07, 2017 World Patent Marketing, a vertically integrated manufacturer and engineer of patented products, introduces the Virtual Ordering and Operating System, a technological invention that makes it easier for people more efficiently place orders for goods and services. “The global technological industry is worth $2.8 trillion,” says Scott Cooper, CEO and Creative Director of World Patent Marketing. „Exponential technologies, such as robotics, virtual reality, 3D printing, and artificial intelligence are key areas of opportunity.” “Ordering at a restaurant can be hectic, especially if things are busy,” says Jerry Shapiro, Senior Director of World Patent Marketing. “It’s very common for people to receive the wrong order or have it delayed. This technological invention allows people to much more conveniently place their orders.” The Virtual Order and Operating System prevents problems when people place orders. Placing orders at a restaurant can be confusing, leading to delays and unsatisfied customers. People can be skipped over, receive the wrong meal, and even be kept waiting for extended periods of time. This can be frustrating for customers and harmful for restaurants. The whole ordering experience hasn’t seen much improvement in years. The Virtual Order and Operating System or VOOS allows people to place orders digitally, using a convenient wireless tablet to browse and select what they wish to order. This automated process is faster and easier than waiting for someone to come and take the order. It can also be used to make ordering goods and services easier in multiple other fields, streamlining the whole process and making it more accurate and efficient. VOOS will save people time and money when placing orders. „We are very excited to introduce VOOS to the world,” says inventor Damien S. “We are ecstatic to show the world the revolutionary concepts that this product will bring to multi-level industries over a period of generations. We are excited that this product will target not only hotels but restaurants, and all lodging establishments. As Inventors, we want to be inspirational to other individuals with great ideas. Think about where you have worked and what you have done in life and create something better and never give up!” The Virtual Ordering and Operating System is a wireless touchscreen tablet that allows people to select goods and services. This makes ordering at a restaurant and other similar places much easier more convenient for everyone involved. ABOUT WORLD PATENT MARKETING World Patent Marketing is always looking for new invention ideas. The company provides invention services and is one of the only invention companies that engineers and manufactures its own products. The company is broken into six operating divisions: Patent Intelligence and Analytics * Prototypes and Manufacturing * Distribution and Retail * Digital Marketing and Social Media * Direct Response TV and Internet Video Production * Patent Licensing & Investments As a global leader in the invention services industry, World Patent Marketing is by your side every step of the way, utilizing its capital and experience to guide the invention process towards a successful product launch so you can be one of the next World Patent Marketing Success Stories. World Patent Marketing Reviews enjoy an A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau (World Patent Marketing BBB) and has earned five-star ratings from Google and consumer review sites such as Consumer Affairs, Trustpilot, Shopper Approved, Customer Lobby, ResellerRatings, My3Cents and World Patent Marketing Glassdoor. The CEO of World Patent Marketing, Scott Cooper, is also a Director of The Cooper Idea Foundation is the founder of the New York Inventors Exchange and has also been a proud member of the National Association of Manufacturers, Duns and Bradstreet, the US Chamber of Commerce, the South Florida Chamber of Commerce, the Miami Beach Chamber of Commerce, the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce, the Association for Manufacturing Excellence and the Society of Plastics Engineers. Those who are wondering how hard is it to get a patent or how much does it cost to patent an idea, should contact the invention marketing experts. World Patent Marketing credits its invention success to it’s powerful and influential advisory board and its controversial “shock content” approach to invention marketing. To submit invention ideas, contact World Patent Marketing at (888) 926-8174. Corporate headquarters located at 1680 Meridian Avenue, Miami Beach, Florida 33139. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, headquarters, Industry, intelligence, Internet, star, Technology, TV, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Select Group Launches Sale of Jumeirah Living Marina Gate Next PostNext Wisdom of a Life Well-Lived Search Recent Posts Final Results „The Pet Water Bottle”: Provides Fresh Water for Hot, Thirsty Dog on Long Walks „The Slicer”: Cuts Perfect Sized Pizza Slices Every Time „Quit Smoking Live Longer”: The System That Weans Smoker’s Body of Nicotine Needs „The Interior Car Cover”: Color Coordination With a Protective Purpose Proudly powered by WordPress
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.12 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -1/32 yield 2.504%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.32 0.23%   Euro ▲ 1.0577 -0.05%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In GM’s Opel Exit Is Rare No-Confidence Vote in European Market Samsung Scandal Deepens as Prosecutors Detail Allegations Exxon’s $20 Billion Spending Plan Points to U.S. Energy Surge RadioShack to Seek Bankruptcy Protection, Again IBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence Facebook Wasn’t Ready for Video’s Dark Side CSX Agrees to Hire Hunter Harrison as CEO Kenyan Tea, a Reliable Export, Brews a Market at Home Chobani Hires Nestlé Executive as Operations Chief Argentina to Allow First Budget Airline to Begin Flying in Country Amazon’s View of the Cloud https://www.wsj.com/articles/three-vcs-on-whats-next-in-technology-1488856140 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Journal Reports: Leadership Three VCs on What’s Next in Technology Steve Herrod, Peter Levine and Rich Wong predict the coming wave of emerging technologies Steve Herrod, Peter Levine and Rich Wong talk about hype versus reality in the future of cloud computing and business technologies. Updated March 6, 2017 10:37 p.m. ET 0 COMMENTS What is the next wave of emerging technologies going to look like? The ones that chief information officers should be paying attention to? The Wall Street Journal’s Rolfe Winkler spoke with Steve Herrod, managing director of General Catalyst, Peter Levine, general partner of Andreessen Horowitz, and Rich Wong, partner at Accel Partners. The conversation touched on machine learning and the future of big data and cloud computing. Edited excerpts follow. MR. WINKLER: VCs are supposed to predict the future. So, what’s coming next? MR. WONG: A lot of the traditional categories just redone in a modern way. I’m sure we’ll talk a little bit about [machine learning and artificial intelligence]. Those are two areas that I think are interesting. Journal Report Read more at WSJ.com/LeadershipReport More in CIO Network How AI Will Change Everything What Tech Employees Want Tech Concerns and the Trump Administration Why Digital Transformations Are Hard What Businesses Can Do WIth Augmented-Reality Glasses MR. LEVINE: I have this theory that cloud computing goes away in the not-too-distant future. If we look at the ebb and flow of computing over the history of computing, we’ve seen things go from [centralized mainframes to the centralized web]. The cloud-computing phenomenon right now is really centralized, it’s basically a mainframe. I believe there is now a shift, a return to the edge where computing gets done much more at the edge than in the cloud. The Internet of Everything, specifically if you think about self-driving cars, is a great example of this. A self-driving car is a data center on wheels. And it has 200-plus central processing units. It’s got to do all its computation at the endpoint and only pass back to the cloud, if it’s connected at all, important bits of curated information. If the car had to wait for the cloud to respond to the information being processed, it would blow through stop signs and crash because of the latency and because of the processing. As we see these new devices come as part of the edge, I believe that edge computing will start to dominate the landscape. And it will unlock a whole level of machine learning and artificial intelligence. I believe we will see a proliferation of edge computing come back into vogue. MR. HERROD: The future, as the past has always been, is heterogeneity. New apps, old apps. I’m sure a lot of you go through a bucketing exercise where you take all of these apps that you have, and you put them into different buckets. New ones that you’re going to invest in, old ones that you want to put in a corner and not break. You take applications from one place to the future or leave them where they are and try to make them more digestible. The mission of CIOs MR. WINKLER: As you think about your hot new technologies, how do CIOs react? MR. LEVINE: Every company these days is becoming a software company. Old companies that had nothing to do with software in the past all have software development activities to unlock the invention that’s occurring inside of these organizations. And so the developer is a very important part of that overall ecosystem. I would argue that the developer is the tail wagging the dog these days. When I was a developer, I couldn’t buy a pencil. I had no budget, nothing. Now developers are very opinionated about what they want, the needs of the organization. We’ve seen situations where if the organization doesn’t provide the developer what the developer needs, the developer leaves and goes to work at another company where they sort of get the tools and services that they think are more adequate for them to do their job. MR. HERROD: The challenge I would give to all the startups that we invest in is, how can you make it incredibly digestible? Really simple to show some kind of value without sending someone on site. Give some kind of assessment that says, “If you used us, here’s how we’d save on people cost, on capital cost.” MR. WINKLER: Hype versus reality, as you guys see it, when it comes to machine-learning AI. What’s hype and what’s reality? MR. WONG: What’s hype is the all-seeing, all-knowing chatbot that can handle unbounded conversation. I think reality is, I can find a photo of my daughter in Google photos when she was two years old to now that she’s 10, geotagged in every location. There are a ton of commercial applications to make business processes more efficient. What are the percentage of help-desk calls that are change password or reset password? That probably can be automated in a way that doesn’t require as much human interaction. Rich Wong, Peter Levine and Steve Herrod (far left to right) talk with The Wall Street Journal’s Rolfe Winkler. Photo: Nikki Ritcher/Dow Jones MR. LEVINE: If we were sitting here a couple of years ago talking about big data, in my mind big data, that was sort of 1.0 of big data. Now the Holy Grail is not to be reactive, what happened in the past, but be predictive about what’s going to happen in the future. MR. WONG: We have a background-check company. Uber does all the North American background checks through them. They use machine learning rather than doing it in a manual way. They can deliver a product that’s more accurate, faster and about a third of the cost. MR. LEVINE: We think about infrastructure going to the cloud. There probably [will be fewer employees as more services move to the cloud], but at least they provide a higher-level service. What I’d like to see is instead of us spending time managing [cloud infrastructure, that would be] handled automatically in the not-too-distant future and elevate our staffs to go solve more-critical business issues on top of that underlying infrastructure. Write to reports@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (0) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.11 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -1/32 yield 2.505%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.32 0.23%   Euro ▲ 1.0576 -0.06%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In GM’s Opel Exit Is Rare No-Confidence Vote in European Market Samsung Scandal Deepens as Prosecutors Detail Allegations Exxon’s $20 Billion Spending Plan Points to U.S. Energy Surge RadioShack to Seek Bankruptcy Protection, Again IBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence Facebook Wasn’t Ready for Video’s Dark Side CSX Agrees to Hire Hunter Harrison as CEO Kenyan Tea, a Reliable Export, Brews a Market at Home Chobani Hires Nestlé Executive as Operations Chief Argentina to Allow First Budget Airline to Begin Flying in Country Amazon’s View of the Cloud https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-keys-to-transforming-it-architecture-1488855720 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Journal Reports: Leadership The Keys to Transforming IT Architecture Dheeraj Pandey and Lise Buyer discuss the challenges CIOs face in the age of artificial intelligence, machine learning and cloud computing Dheeraj Pandey and Lise Buyer talk about some of the challenges companies face when implementing a cloud infrastructure. Updated March 6, 2017 10:27 p.m. ET 1 COMMENTS Competitive advantage in business today means having the computing power to analyze oceans of data on the back end while providing a seamless customer experience up front. Artificial intelligence, machine learning and cloud computing are the new tools of the trade, and companies everywhere are striving to adopt them—with varying degrees of success. Wall Street Journal reporter Steven Norton discussed the challenges with Dheeraj Pandey, co-founder of Nutanix, a cloud-based platform that helps companies transform their IT infrastructure, and Lise Buyer, a partner at the IPO consultancy Class V Group. Edited excerpts of their conversation follow. MR. NORTON: What are some common obstacles to getting companies to transform their IT architecture to artificial intelligence, machine learning and the cloud? MR. PANDEY: The big one is inertia. The big question is, how do you migrate from your current to the new? How do I go from what I really want to do versus keeping the lights on today as well? Journal Report Read more at WSJ.com/LeadershipReport More in CIO Network How AI Will Change Everything What Tech Employees Want Three VCs on What’s Next in Technology Tech Concerns and the Trump Administration Why Digital Transformations Are Hard MR. NORTON: If you are a board member being asked to endorse a shift in the data center or a new strategy, what questions do you ask the CIO? MS. BUYER: I surveyed a bunch of folks in that position to say, “Hey, what matters?” And, of course, the answer is flexibility. Am I stuck into a rigid architecture? Or do I have something that can grow with me? Two is security. Three, scalability. And fourth is the economics of it all. Not just the economics of purchasing the specific equipment and software. But how does that affect the people in the field? How does that affect the people whose data is being migrated? And what risks am I taking in all of that? I want the agility of the cloud. I also want some stuff over the public cloud. But I also want some stuff that I control. I’ve got service-level agreements I’ve got to be responsible for, and nobody out there is going to do it for me. So how do I make sure I am delivering to my customers while I am effectively transitioning? Automation’s role MR. NORTON: More and more, we’re seeing automation applied to IT. Do you envision a future where machines are self-healing and are using analytics to basically run themselves? And if so, how does that impact the structure of the IT organization? MS. BUYER: This is not just, “Oh my goodness, we have to keep jobs for people.” You need folks who understand your system, how your system operates, what to do when something is running amok. That’s one of the issues a lot of folks are thinking about in terms of making the decision of going all to the big providers versus keeping some of the solutions on the premises. MR. PANDEY: At the end of the day, there’s a 12- to 24-month target that CIOs should have. How much do you pay your systems integrators, how much do you pay your managed-services people? Because that’s tactical. There’s so much money being invested. You know, “I’m going pay a systems integrator in India to watch for my server, which doesn’t go down, and if it goes down, they go and put people or bodies to throw at the problem.” There’s a rate for it, like $75 per server. I’m like, “Wow, you pay 75 bucks an hour for somebody to watch it, when machines should be doing this stuff?” DHEERAJ PANDEY | ‘The CIOs, their attention spans are becoming smaller.’ Photo: Nikki Ritcher/Dow Jones So there’s a 12- to 24-month renegotiation with these managed-services contracts to unravel. But in the longer term, I think it is absolutely true that if you can’t really do continuous innovation, continuous consumption, like the way your Gmail, your Facebook, your Google apps, and all that stuff is being constantly upgraded—that’s the idea of cloud. These mundane things about how do you upgrade every one month are probably as important as anything else that you can think of. And systems integrators don’t get it, because they don’t own the different formwares and softwares and hardwares. So it’s very hard for them to actually get it right. It has to come from the factory of the operating system, one-click upgrades and the fact that you’re able to migrate from old hardware to the new. It’s all happening in pure software. MR. NORTON: So what are the people who were watching the servers doing now? MR. PANDEY: I think they’re scratching their heads. What would India do now if it’s going to get more automated and more cloudy and so on? What happens to the skills? Because the skills are not there to really think of a world where machines are more intelligent, able to self-heal and able to self-upgrade. Advice to CIOs MR. NORTON: What’s your advice for CIOs about how to start to communicate a change in architecture and business process? What things should they be looking out for when making a big architecture change? LISE BUYER | ‘How do I make sure I am delivering to my customers while I am effectively transitioning?’ Photo: Nikki Ritcher/Dow Jones MS. BUYER: That’s been a challenge for CIOs since time immemorial, for everything from hand-held devices issued by the company to, “Hey, bring your own.” There’s really got to be a “Here’s why you need to do this. Here’s why this is in your best interest as well as in our best interest.” MR. PANDEY: There’s this natural convergence that’s happening in the overall architecture, because we are spinning up things faster. We’re going from waterfall, which is the mainframe approach, to more agile methodologies where people really want to spin them up and spin them down and so on. That is probably the biggest shift, and it’s happening with our customers. The CIOs, their attention spans are becoming smaller. We are throwing out our phones every two years, every one year, as opposed to what it used to be with land lines and so on. So, in that scheme of things, a lot of the re-architecture has to happen in the application as well, to where you are not thinking about five years of deployment, but months and weeks, and having that elasticity in your architecture. Write to reports@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (1) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Work has started on India’s first, undersea bullet train project between Mumbai and Ahmedabad By tech2 News Staff 7   Comments Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 2017 first impressions: Mid-range smartphones with something special By Sheldon Pinto 2   Comments OnePlus ropes in veteran Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan as maiden ‘OnePlus Star’ By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Paid news is passe in India, as fake news takes over 2   Comments MWC 2017: Sony Xperia XZ Premium awarded the ‘Best new Smartphone’ for 2017 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #internet internet gateways" data-original="?v=2" width="209" height="118"> Internet to "become a right for the people" of Kerala; state to invest Rs 1,000 cr to set up internet gateways Experts claim that cyber laws need to be updated to tackle new cyber security threats China urges the world to "guard against cyberspace becoming a new battlefield" Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Internet to “become a right for the people” of Kerala; state to invest Rs 1,000 cr to set up internet gateways #internet Image Credit: REUTERS 0 By tech2 News Staff /  07 Mar 2017 , 10:30 Kerala’s finance minister Thomas Issac while announcing the state budget for 2017-18 mentioned that the Internet will “become a right for the people” in the state. Issac said that the state would spend Rs 1,000 crore to set up internet gateways across the state of Kerala to bring subsidised internet connections to all homes. The bigger plans by the government, according to an IANS report, involve providing free connections to 2 million families that cannot afford internet connections. The rest of Kerala’s citizens will get the same internet connectivity at lowered rates. The move as pointed out by Medianama is similar to what has been done in Tamil Nadu. Tamil Nadu has a government run Arasu Fibre service that was kick started in March last year and provides internet services to all households within the state. “Internet will now become a right for the people and within 18 months the internet gateway would be set up through the K phone network at a cost of Rs 1,000 crore,” said the IANS report. “Two million poor families will get free internet connections, while others will get it a reduced rate,” the former economist said. After Google began to provide free internet at Wi-Fi hotspots with its Railwire initiative with RailTel, a number of local authorities have stepped up to provide the same. Mumbai was the first to claim its name as the country’s first Wi-Fi city by adding 500 hotspots at launch. The city plans to add 1,200 Wi-Fi hotspots by May 2017. Tags: Arasu Fibre, Internet, Kerala, kerala budget, subsidised internet Also read Total number of internet domain names jumps to 329.3 million in fourth quarter of 2016 India ranks 36th in the Internet inclusiveness; but no.1 for policy in the Readiness category says report X Recommended For You China urges the world to “guard against cyberspace becoming a new battlefield” India ranks 36th in the Internet inclusiveness; but no.1 for policy in the Readiness category says report Total number of internet domain names jumps to 329.3 million in fourth quarter of 2016 Critical vulnerability in WordPress plugin puts over a million websites at risk; update now Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Google Mar 7, 2017 Google introduces neural machine translation to Hindi, translations are now much more accurate #Roaming Charges Mar 7, 2017 GSMA chairman welcomes the move by telecom companies in China to slash roaming charges #Samsung Mar 7, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch date pushed by a week, to 28 April #Lightroom Mar 7, 2017 Adobe adds Raw HDR capture mode to its Lightroom app on Android and iOS #Xiaomi Mar 7, 2017 Xiaomi announces the Mi Walkie-Talkie, Mi Smart Camera, Mi Router HD and more SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to Content 1° Light rain. Overcast. Chilly. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News World News Business ▼▲sub menu toggleTALK Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleCONNECT News/Talk Team #BCStorm ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Orphans Fund Health Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News World News Business ▼▲sub menu toggleTALK Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleCONNECT News/Talk Team #BCStorm ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Orphans Fund Health ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW12:00 AM - 5:00 AMCoast to Coast Family of Edmonton man defrauded of nearly $330k speaks out Shallima Maharaj March 06, 2017 08:38 pm Shallima Maharaj/Global News The family of an Edmonton man who lost his life savings to an offshore fraud scheme are speaking out to prevent other Canadians from being victimized. Fred Turbide was looking to invest his money. He began to interact with a broker who identified himself as “Julian Wellington.” It soon became apparent Wellington was not a broker. Skype transcripts obtained by Global News show how their relationship went from trusting to sour in a short span of time. On Dec. 21, 2016, Turbide messaged Wellington frantically: “Julian, I cannot breathe anymore…” and hours later continued “You have yet to reply or call. I am going to take a shower then go to my garage and finish myself off. I’m giving you one hour to call…” Turbide lost nearly $330,000. No return phone call ever came from Wellington. The father of four went to his garage and shot himself in the chest. “I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemy. I don’t care what kind of person you are. I get wind of you thinking about something like that, I’m at least going to pick up the phone and make an anonymous call,” Turbide’s son Tomas Ferreira said. Ferreira had never heard of binary options trading before his father’s death. Since then, he’s been researching it at length. READ MORE: Top 10 scams of 2016 reveal Canadians lost more than $90M last year “They lure you in. They really make you feel like you’re getting educated,” Ferreira said. “When I went through his computer, he had webinars set up.” The Alberta Securities Commission (ASC) received 114 complaints about binary options fraud last year. However, the vast majority of cases go unreported. “What they don’t tell you is they literally don’t make a dime unless you lose.” There are no binary options firms registered in Canada. The online trading platform Turbide dealt with, 23Traders, was based in Israel. The website no longer exists. READ MORE: ‘Can you hear me?’: Don’t say ‘Yes’ in new telephone scam “I think there was about 10 to 12 transactions for every major play they were making,” Ferreira said. “They were literally made within seconds.” The family is in talks with an Israeli lawyer whose specializes in asset recovery. “Whether or not we’re successful in that… We’re not counting on it. Our main objective is to get the word out and honour dad in that way.” Maria Chaves-Turbide said her husband had been sick that week. Afraid of making her ill, he wouldn’t kiss her. That afternoon, he acted differently. “I said ‘Why are you kissing me? You told me I can’t kiss you.’ And he just said ‘because I love you.’” Those were the last words he said to her. Before he died, Turbide wrote a note to his family, instructing them to go after the people who had taken advantage of him. They are now fulfilling that wish and hoping to save other lives with their actions. “I don’t want anyone to go through what I’m going through,” said a tearful Chaves-Turbide. “Why and how could you do something like this to another human being? Was money that important that you took a life? I would like them [the scammers] to answer those questions.” READ MORE: Edmonton minor hockey association thwarts costly email scam Her message to those who have been victimized by scam artists: You’re not alone. Chaves-Turbide and her children are hoping anyone else feeling overwhelmed will re-consider the importance of their life to those around them. “There are a lot of caring people. There’s a lot of resources out there. It’s just taking one step and that step will lead you to many more.” Securities commissions across Canada have banded together to take on binary options frauds. They are working with the Israeli government, regulatory authorities in the United States and major websites like Google and Yahoo to stem the flow of fraud-laden advertisements in North America. They have also been reaching out to social media portals like Facebook. “In theory, a binary option is when you place a wager as to whether the value of a security is going to go up or down,” said Alison Trollope, director of communications and investor education with Alberta Securities Commission. “Ultimately, these websites that are approaching Canadians are essentially scams, in that the house will always win.” Red flags include promises of high rates of return with low or no risk, unsolicited emails and requests for credit card information. Trollope adds, once an individual’s money has left the country, it is essentially impossible to recoup. Another piece of advice she has for anyone considering investing is to check the company’s registration. That can be done by heading to websites like CheckFirst. If you do not see the company listed, contact your provincial securities commission. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Vancouver Park Board votes in favour to not permit 4/20 event 1 hour ago The annual 4/20 event appears to be headed towards Sunset Beach as an unsanctioned event for a second... Read More Metro Vancouver's 2017 homeless count begins 4 hours ago The Metro Vancouver homeless count gets underway Tuesday, where volunteers try to get a snapshot of... Read More Vancouver Police ask for public's help to find missing woman 2 hours ago The Vancouver Police are asking for your help to find a missing 80 year old woman with dementia. Lee... Read More Gas prices soar in Metro Vancouver with no sign of slowing down 4 hours ago Gas prices soared in Metro Vancouver over the weekend, nearly five cents a litre. And with the average... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
