TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Gadgets/Gallery Gadgets Google Home is just $99 at Best Buy during Black Friday By Brandon Russell | November 19, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo You have two choices right now: Amazon Echo or Google Home. Both are great smart speakers with a lot to offer. But only one will be $99 this holiday season. During Black Friday, Best Buy will drop the price of Google Home to just $99, a $30 discount. The Echo starts at $179, so it’s already at a pretty big disadvantage. Now, consumers have an even bigger reason to jump on Home, which runs Google Assistant, the search giant’s smart new AI technology. The deal is good between Nov. 24 and Nov. 26, so you only have a limited time to take advantage. The good news is that you can pick it up in-store and online, meaning you won’t have to brave the crowds just to score the deal. As part of your purchase, you’ll also get six free months of YouTube Red. That’s a pretty great value for a device that features a lot of potential. If you haven’t yet joined the smart speaker revolution, Home is a great alternative to the Echo. Amazon Echo is also discounted If you want to score a discount on the Amazon Echo, Amazon is discounting the device by $40, bringing the price down to $139. You can also pick up the smaller Echo Dot for just $39 over Black Friday. Source BestBuy Topics #Google #Google Home Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use

Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Help using this website - Accessibility statement afr Search afr AFR News More Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports RBA Interview Series Business More Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business More Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets More Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate More Commercial Residential Opinion More Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Technology More Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance More Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs More Portfolio Management Leadership More Management Careers Innovation Entrepreneur Workplace BRW Lists Lifestyle More Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars Bikes & Boats Health Home Design All More News Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports Rear Window Business Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate Commercial Residential Domain Prestige Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Technology Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs Leadership Management Careers Company Culture Innovation Entrepreneur BRW Lists Lifestyle Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars, Bikes & Boats Health Home Design The Australian Financial Review Magazine Luxury The Sophisticated Traveller My Saved Articles (0) Done Select All Remove News My Saved Searches 0 Done Select all Delete Home Technology Social Media Facebook For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Opinion Nov 18 2016 at 1:06 PM Updated Nov 18 2016 at 3:35 PM Save article Print License article Can Facebook kill fake news after the fantasy US election campaign? Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit The creators of fake news quickly found it was more profitable to create stories that played to the views of Donald Trump's supporters. AP Share on twitter Share on Google Plus by Paul Smith This could be the most self-serving sentence to ever appear on the illustrious pages of The Australian Financial Review, but with the truth defence ready to roll, here goes. The post-US election fuss over the abundance of fake news on Facebook highlights more than ever that only the ongoing survival of trusted, independent news organisations can properly feed informed public discourse. Earlier this week Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg felt it necessary to come out and publicly defend his site against the charge that fake news stories about Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, which proliferated on its pages before the election, had had a huge effect on the way people voted. In stark terms, the narrative of the election for millions of voters was a fantasy, and the world's biggest online platform showed that its open nature left it wide open to the rampant spread of misinformation. Fake news stories abounded on Facebook in the US election campaign. Facebook, and also Google in its search results, showed that they were either unaware or careless about the explosion of websites that exist purely to lure in social media users with pretend and often outlandish news stories. Related Quotes 5 years 1 Day Last updated: Updating... Last updated: Updating... View full quote Company Profile ASX Announcements Expand ASX Announcements View all announcements Sites such as National Report, World News Daily Report, World Politicus and USConservativeToday.com are dressed up to look legitimate, with the sole purpose of cashing in on the clickbait-driven ad revenue. Some are run by notorious US online fake media baron Paul Horner, and bizarrely it has emerged that a big cluster of these websites originated in a single Macedonian town of Veles, where entrepreneurial teens are among the creators of around 140 US "political news" sites. They admit to not caring about US politics at all, and worked out that if they created headlines to excite Trump supporters, then the advertising dollars would roll in. Stories saying the Pope had forbidden Catholics from voting for Clinton, that Clinton had previously urged Trump to run for office, that a Bill Clinton sex tape had been leaked and that an FBI Agent involved in the Clinton email leaks had been killed in suspicious circumstances, were shared hundreds of thousands of times each on social media. Not all the fake news going viral is political. These numbers dwarfed the social media performance of some of the biggest genuine scoops from legitimate media titles. These are not satirical websites in the vein of The Onion or Australia's Betoota Advocate, which run comedy fake news. They are taking the place of reputable news outlets in the mind of readers who believe they are finally getting "the real story". 'People are Dumb!' Speaking to The Washington Post on Thursday, Horner claimed responsibility for Trump's win, and showed disdain for the hundreds of thousands sharing his stories. Earlier this year, US-based Pew Research Center released a study showing that 44 per cent of the general US population gets its news from Facebook. "Honestly, people are definitely dumber. They just keep passing stuff around. Nobody fact-checks anything anymore – I mean, that's how Trump got elected." "My sites were picked up by Trump supporters all the time. Trump is in the White House because of me. His followers don't fact-check anything – they'll post everything, believe anything. His campaign manager posted my story about a [anti-Trump] protester getting paid $3500 as fact. I made that up." The stories were shared because readers thought they were true, and the sites profited off the many who believe anything that looks like news and which conforms to their world view. Zuckerberg's indignant words were backed up by actions days later when Facebook and Google announced they were changing their rules to try and ensure that fake news websites wouldn't be able to generate ad revenue through their services. Mark Zuckerberg says fake news did not affect the election outcome, but that Facebook will seek to cut off the sites' revenue stream. Bloomberg Believe it or not Most people will tell you jokingly that they don't believe a word that they read on the internet but evidently this isn't true. Earlier this year, US-based Pew Research Center​ released a study showing that 44 per cent of the general US population gets its news from Facebook, whereas 10 per cent get it from Google-owned YouTube and 9 per cent from Twitter. Neither Facebook or Google describe themselves as media companies. They don't employ journalists to hunt out or investigate stories – they merely curate content or enable their users to as one facet of their swelling empires. Yet they have undeniably moved in to completely usurp even the biggest content-creating outlets in terms of being the biggest conduits for information … taking the lion's share of media buyers' advertising budgets into the bargain. Galling as this is for media companies, the issue in terms of the public good is quality control or, more importantly, the complete lack of it. Facebook and Google have taken the spoils of media ownership, without exercising any of the journalistic rigour that is supposed to underpin it. This is not good for a healthy society, despite what you may think of the mainstream media and its perceived agendas. Twitter and Facebook can be echo chambers for people of a like-mind, but we really can't just shrug our shoulders and accept this kind of misinformation as the reality of a free, open internet. We must hope that Facebook and Google's efforts to police news content are genuine, as there is little that can or should be done to force the issue from a regulatory perspective. The idea of fake news is nothing new, of course: propaganda has always been a powerful tool, and concerns about the power of modern technology to subvert public opinion have increased over more than a decade. US election campaigning has been shrouded in stories about Barack Obama's birthplace for the previous two terms, and back in 2004 Democrat John Kerry's run towards the White House against George W Bush hit a speed bump when a faked picture of him attending an anti-Vietnam war rally with actress Jane Fonda in 1970 bolstered a view among voters that he was anti-military. The reason this election was particularly worrying was that the situation is clearly getting worse. The low barrier for entry into mass dissemination through Facebook is now being exploited on an almost industrial scale, and there is little that can be done about it by anyone except the companies themselves. Facebook has been actively tweaking its algorithms in recent times to prevent established media outlet posts about their stories from dominating users' news feeds (you have to pay for that privilege) and you are therefore much more likely to see stories that have been shared by your friends. Surround yourself electronically with rabid Trump or Clinton supporters and the stories they share will dominate your screens, regardless of their veracity. The only solution is for proper independent journalism to somehow survive and thrive in an indifferent world that Facebook has created. Realistically its dominance as a platform is not ending any time soon, and the onus is still on the news companies to find their voices in the new order. It is obviously much more expensive and time-consuming for professional journalists to dig out genuine scoops than it is for a kid to bash out a mildly convincing fabrication, but we can only hope that enough people care to spot the difference. In a sense Facebook is now having to find a way to police its content in a fashion that goes against its reason for being. It is successful partly because it allows anyone to communicate with the world with ease, not because it controls what they say. Given the sole motive of the fake news sites is money, starving them of ad revenue seems like a top plan – it remains to be seen if they can pull it off though. Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Advertisement Advertisement Commercial Real Estate Related articles Acorns app opens 'highly speculative' offer At AMP, star fundies need not apply Central banks imagining the future of money Inside Optus Sport HQ Weak wage gains blow out budget Latest Stories Boral close to $1 billion acquisition in United States: sources Mining shares and Asian equities part ways Wilmar, QSL and the sugar canegrowers' fight Advertisement Rock wallabies on the dinner table Jay McInerney on how to skewer the rich Patty Hearst: brainwashed or spoilt brat? There's a gap in the swimwear market Menswear retailer targets the female dollar How Ahmed Fahour delivers innovation We're not innovative enough: new Google boss How sport makes girls ambitious How to survive a PR crisis Lawyers use art to inspire innovation Luxury gifts of the week Louis Vuitton embraces indie tactic in Sydney 5 spectacular homes for sale in Australia now The world's most expensive watch Modern design in Australia's oldest building Special Reports What to do with public debt Trading when markets are flat Home-town bias to reduce next year Debt-free notions threaten better policy-making Investors continue to warm as products become mainstream © Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd Privacy Terms & Conditions of Use Contact Us FAQ Experience afr.com free for 1 month Enjoy unlimited access to Australia's best business news and market insights across desktop, tablet and mobile Find out more Already a subscriber? Log in Close You have left for this month. For unlimited access upgrade to Premium Digital Find out more Close
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Sign Up Log In Current Mon-Sun Print Daily Progress   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Current Star Exponent Mon-Sun Home Delivery   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Current News Virginian Mon-Sun Home Delivery   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Auto temp access Auto temp access NV Auto temp access SE No DSI Account Mon-Sun Print + All Access Daily Progress Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access, which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $17.95 $17.95 Mon-Sat Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Saturday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $13.60 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $11.64 $11.64 Existing Subscribers $13.60 News Virginian Mon-Sun Print + All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $10.31 $10.31 Star Exponent Mon-Sun Print + All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $12.16 $12.16 Thur-Sun Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper Thursday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $17.95 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $16.14 $16.14 Existing Subscribers $17.95 News Virginian Fri-Sun Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee.Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.22 $9.22 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Fri-Sun Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $10.93 $10.93 Existing Subscribers $12.16 News Virginian Sunday Print + All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday edition. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $7.63 $7.63 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Sunday Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $11.75 $11.75 Existing Subscribers $12.16 Sunday Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the Sunday edition of The Daily Progress. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $14.40 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $10.44 $10.44 Existing Subscribers $14.40 Digital Only All Access Daily Progress Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com, StarExponent.com and NewsVirginian.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-Editions) every day for one low monthly fee. Only $13.95 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $13.95 News Virginian Digital Only All Access Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com, DailyProgress.com, and StarExponent.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-editions) every day for one low monthly fee.  Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Digital Only All Access Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to StarExponent.com, DailyProgress.com, and NewsVirginian.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-editions) every day for one low monthly fee.  Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $12.16 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Mon-Sun Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Monday – Sunday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $17.95 $17.95 Existing Subscribers $17.95 Star Exponent Mon-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $12.16 $12.16 Existing Subscribers $12.16 Mon-Sat Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Monday – Saturday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $9.65 $9.65 Existing Subscribers $9.65 News Virginian Mon-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $10.31 $10.31 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Fri-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $6.98 $6.98 Existing Subscribers $6.98 Thur-Sun Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Thursday – Sunday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $14.08 $14.08 Existing Subscribers $14.08 News Virginian Fri-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $8.23 $8.23 Existing Subscribers $8.23 Sunday Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the Sunday print edition for one low monthly fee. Print Only $8.45 $8.45 Existing Subscribers $8.45 News Virginian Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday edition for one low monthly fee. Print Only $5.64 $5.64 Existing Subscribers $5.64 Star Exponent Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $5.80 $5.80 Existing Subscribers $5.80 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local Crime Business Politics State National UVa Weather Read the e-Edition Obits Sports Cavalier Insider C'ville Varsity Pulse Arts Contests Food & drink Features Local Movies Music Lifestyles Calendars Generation Us inCrowd Health Outdoors Gardening Celebrations Church directory Yester Years Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Guest columns The Shape of Central Virginia e-Edition Video Jobs Jobs in Central Virginia Jobs at The Daily Progress Be a Progress carrier Join our team Contact us Contact Progress staff Submit a letter to the editor About us Terms of use Manage your email preferences Subscribe Subscribe to The Daily Progress Get All Access Frequently asked questions Subscribe Manage Subscription Place a classified ad Advertise with us Find Local Legal Announcements Contests Classifieds 46° Charlottesville, VA (22901) Today Partly cloudy. High 48F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search Jobs Jobs in Central Virginia Jobs at The Daily Progress Be a Progress carrier Join our team Contact us Contact Progress staff Submit a letter to the editor About us Terms of use Manage your email preferences Subscribe Subscribe to The Daily Progress Get All Access Frequently asked questions News Local Crime Business Politics State National UVa Weather Read the e-Edition Obits Sports Cavalier Insider C'ville Varsity Pulse Arts Contests Food & drink Features Local Movies Music Lifestyles Calendars Generation Us inCrowd Health Outdoors Gardening Celebrations Church directory Yester Years Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Guest columns The Shape of Central Virginia e-Edition Video Close Patrick Sison This Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 photo shows the Roku Premiere streaming TV device in New York. Your streaming TV options just got better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV, as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. (AP Photo) Technology: Options abound for streaming TV to fit your needs and budget By ANICK JESDANUN/The Associated Press Nov 18, 2016 (…) Patrick Sison This Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 photo shows the Roku Premiere streaming TV device in New York. Your streaming TV options just got better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV, as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. (AP Photo) NEW YORK — Your streaming TV options have gotten better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV — as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. Of course, it’s possible to simply watch video on a phone or tablet, but it’s not as satisfying from a living-room couch. Here’s a holiday buying guide for the TV-streamers in your life. Built-in streaming Smart TVs, game consoles and the TiVo digital video recorder all have streaming apps, and if all you watch is Netflix and Hulu, you’ll be fine with those. But apps for individual channels such as The CW and FX won’t work with every device. The exceptions are TVs running Roku software or that have Google’s Chromecast technology built in; they tend to have wider app selections. Getting around Devices vary in how easy it is to access apps and video. While many devices are getting voice features that let you search multiple services at once, you’ll still need to navigate on-screen menus with a remote. The exception is Chromecast, which has no menu or remote at all. Instead, you start video on an iPhone or Android phone and send it to the big screen with a tap of a cast button. With some video services, the phone is freed up for other things, though you’ll need to use the phone as a remote for pausing and rewinding. Devices running Google’s Android TV come with Chromecast features and pack their menus with video from Google’s YouTube service. Amazon’s Fire TV device traditionally has favored Amazon video over others, though that’s changing as Netflix, HBO and other leading services get prominence on the home screen. Roku is the most service-agnostic of the bunch. Apple TV ships with Apple services, but it’s easy to replace those with your favorites. App selection Roku has one of the most complete app libraries, though Apple’s iTunes service is notably missing. You’ll need an Apple TV to access iTunes. Apple TV also has a good app selection, though out of 25 leading services The Associated Press checked, it’s missing direct access to Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and PlayStation Vue. You can get the first three indirectly with a Chromecast-like feature called AirPlay if you have a companion iPhone or other Apple device. Amazon’s Fire TV device is missing iTunes, Google Play, Vudu, ABC, Freeform and the NFL (though some games are shown through Twitter’s app). The selection on Android TV is also limited, but you can supplement that with apps for Chromecast. With an Android phone, you can get all but iTunes, though getting Amazon video is tough, as it requires getting Amazon’s “Underground” app store first. With an iPhone, you’re missing iTunes, Amazon and USA Network, even with AirPlay. If you just have a Chromecast device with an iPhone, you’re also missing Freeform (formerly ABC Family) and CNN. You’ll still need individual subscriptions to these services. The streaming device merely enables playback on the big screen. Entry-level devices Amazon’s Fire TV Stick stands out as a speedy, capable device for $40. It now comes with a voice remote for searches and Alexa assistant queries on weather, sports scores and other information. The Roku Express is cheaper at $30, though there’s no voice remote, and the interface is slower (which doesn’t matter as much once you sit back and watch the video). It’s a great choice considering its wider app selection, notwithstanding the lack of iTunes. Google’s entry-level Chromecast costs $35 — affordable, though the gadget is clunky without its own remote. It’s slightly better with Android than iPhones. Mid-range choices Xiaomi’s Mi Box is a speedy Android TV device with a nice price tag of $69. It supports higher-resolution video known as 4K, an option that once required more expensive devices. But you need a 4K TV and services that offer 4K video — so far, Netflix and YouTube do so for just some of their offerings. Mi Box also supports HDR picture quality. HDR, or high dynamic range, promises brighter whites, darker blacks and a richer range of colors — but you need an HDR TV and HDR video. Google’s new Chromecast Ultra also has 4K and HDR support for $69. Because Mi Box also does Chromecast, you get more overall for the same price. Mi Box also has a voice remote. The Roku Premiere also offers 4K for $80, but its remote lacks voice support. Amazon’s regular Fire TV has 4K and a voice remote for $90. Neither has HDR. For now, HDR sets are rarer than 4K, and even 4K sets aren’t that common. Why pay more? The $100 Roku Premium Plus and the $130 Roku Ultra offer both 4K and HDR. The remote for both also has a headphone jack for listening when everyone else is asleep. The Ultra also has a voice remote, something many cheaper devices offer. That remote also has gaming buttons and emits a sound when you lose it in a couch. For hard-core gamers, consider the $200 Nvidia Shield TV, an Android TV with both 4K and HDR support, plus faster processors for games with intensive graphics. Another premium choice is Apple TV, which starts at $149. You don’t get 4K or HDR, which won’t matter for regular sets. Instead, you get plenty of apps that do more than play video. You can browse Ikea’s catalog, order food from Grubhub and get the AccuWeather forecasts. For video, an upcoming app simply called TV promises to bring together all your viewing from various channels and services. An iPhone isn’t required, but helps. Sorry, no Android. And for iTunes, Apple TV is the only choice. Tags App Video Device Chromecast Ultra Hdr Itunes Iphone loading... Most Popular Articles Articles UVa officers on leave after 'Make America Great Again!' yelled at students Some students, staff want UVa to stop quoting Jefferson in campus communications Pro-Trump student claims his rights were violated at AHS UVa officer who yelled Trump slogan resigns A new — and wet — world for Greene sheriff's investigator Trump protest at Albemarle High turns heated Turner criticizes 'deviousness' in NAACP election One suspect in custody in Fluvanna shooting Local startup gets investments for conservation easements Fraudulent psychic sentenced to 30 months The Latest 'Fantastic Beasts' spins magic, 'Billy Lynn's' tanks 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped Blown away: Aqueduct cancels Sunday card due to high winds Industrial space hard to come by in Bend AP Analysis: Will Trump help or hurt LA's bid for Olympics? Student from Minnesota chosen as Rhodes Scholar for 2017 Salt Lake City police: 2 men shot after gunfire from cars Exclusive footage shows airstrike hitting Aleppo hospital Featured Businesses The Culpeper Star Exponent 471 James Madison Hwy, Ste 201, Culpeper, VA 22701 540-825-0771 Mountainside Grille 375 Four Leaf Ln, Charlottesville, VA 22903 434-823-7080 Currently Open Dive Connections 1754 Timberwood Blvd, Charlottesville, VA 22911 434-964-9200 Currently Open Jos T Samuels Inc 707 E Jefferson St, Charlottesville, VA 22902 434-981-3322 Joe Bowman Auto Plaza 2455 E Market St, Harrisonburg, VA 22801 540-434-6731 Breeze Printing 114 N West St, Culpeper, VA 22701 540-812-2422 Virginia Blood Services 606 Albemarle Sq, Charlottesville, VA 22901 Find a local business Community Calendar ​ ​ Browse Today's events Submit Sections News Cavalier Insider Obituaries Opinion Entertainment Lifestyles Weather Photos Video Services About us Contact us Advertise Subscribe Subscription management Join our team Be a Progress carrier Contribution requests Partners Cavalier Insider The News Virginian Culpeper Star-Exponent Greene County Record Madison County Eagle Orange County Review Rural Virginian Charlottesville Tomorrow Contact dailyprogress.com 685 West Rio Road Charlottesville, VA 22901 Phone: 434-978-7200 Email: news@dailyprogress.com The Daily Progress, Charlottesville, VA © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Trending: News All topics Video Slideshows DealPost Newsletter Resources/White Papers Search itworld Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Big Data Cloud Computing Mobile Security Virtualization All topics Browse by section News Reviews Videos DealPost Resources/White papers Stay connected Newsletters RSS × Close Home Operating Systems Android Android device updates: Google's Pixel and Pixel XL get Bluetooth fixes and other improvements T-Mobile's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge get the latest security patches while the Blu R1 HD adds T-Mobile band 12 and voice over LTE. By Derek Walter | Follow Greenbot | November 18, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Jason Cross More good reads Android device updates: AT&T Wi-Fi calling comes to Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android device updates: T-Mobile versions of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge get... Android device updates: Verizon Galaxy S7, S7 Edge get key updates, AT&T... DealPosts 23% off MagicFiber Microfiber Cleaning Cloths For Screens and Other Delicate... One of the many advantages of the Pixel is the direct line to Google for software updates. The phone got its first major set of new software recently, bringing forth some bug fixes and support for Google’s Daydream VR initiative. Each week, we round up all the major software updates to hit the Android ecosystem, including phones and tablets on U.S. carriers, unlocked phones, smartwatches, and Android TV devices. Making sure your device is running the latest available software is a good housekeeping practice, ensuring you have the latest features with fewer bugs and security holes. Google Pixel XL: An update is available for both Verizon’s Pixel and the unlocked version purchased directly from Google. Build NDE63X is for the Verizon model, and it improves message reliability when connected to your car’s Bluetooth, brings support for Daydream View, and adds New Mexico to the list of states when performing Wi-Fi calling setup. Google build NDE63V is rolling out for the unlocked model. It’s a pretty hefty update at just over 800MB, so expect to see a similar set of improvements.  Pixel: Verizon build NDE63X will bring the Bluetooth improvements, Daydream support, and other fixes that are also heading out to the Pixel XL. Google build NDE63X is what you’ll see on the unlocked version, which should be available in an over-the-air update. T-Mobile Galaxy S7: A T-Mobile update is available which brings the October and November security patches. Additionally, you’ll see a fix for random crashes, freezes, and improvements to domestic data roaming. Galaxy S7 Edge: The same set of improvements are also available in this T-Mobile update: security patches, fixes for crashing and freezing, and more reliable domestic data roaming. Blu R1 HD: This phone got attention for all the wrong reasons this week, as it was revealed that secret software was sending data overseas. The company behind it, Adups, has since issued an apology and said any data has been deleted. There’s at least some good news today for those with this phone, as an update brings support for T-Mobile’s LTE band 12 and Voice over LTE integration. This story, "Android device updates: Google's Pixel and Pixel XL get Bluetooth fixes and other improvements" was originally published by Greenbot. Related: Android Google Pixel Verizon OnePlus Android Nougat Derek Walter is a freelance technology writer based in Northern California. He is the author of Learning MIT App Inventor, a hands-on guide to building your own Android apps. ITWorld DealPost: The best in tech deals and discounts. Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like The hit list 10 resume do’s and don’ts for developers Recruiters and hiring managers reveal what makes a candidate stand out -- or fall flat Awesome tech gifts that cost $50 or less 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go 8 awesome gifts for PC gamers Shop with confidence for your PC gamer this holiday season with gifts that won't break the bank. Awesome tech gifts that cost $25 or less Tech gifts don't have to break the bank. We've assembled our favorite picks for under $25 that will... Resources White Paper How SD-Wan Can Future-Proof Your Operations White Paper API Security Checklist White Paper Brand Loyalty in the Digital Age eBook Sponsored CIOs: Don't Let Your Business Fall into the Digital Divide White Paper Turning Strategy into Reality Means Putting APIs First Go Amazon Discounts Kindle E-Readers Up To $30 Through 11/28 - Deal Alert Amazon is offering up to 36% off various popular Kindle e-readers, but the deal ends tonight, November... Best Black Friday 2016 Windows deals Microsoft, Best Buy, Staples and other retailers roll out the Windows laptop and tablet offers for... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University ITworld Follow us Big Data Cloud Computing Mobile Security Virtualization News Resources Newsletters About Us Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2016 IDG Enterprise. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE New take on Showcase Shopping ads? Categories of used items showing for retailer outlet queries Similar to the Showcase ad format introduced this summer, the ads link to Google Shopping pages. Ginny Marvin on November 18, 2016 at 3:12 pm More A strange thing happened just now when I was searching to find out whether the promotions extension Google is testing is also showing on mobile (it is). I came across an example of what appears to be a Showcase Shopping ad for the first time in the wild. When Google introduced Showcase ads, the idea was to spotlight retailer collections on broad, non-brand search queries like “summer dresses.” One of the odd things about what I found today is that these examples are all showing on retailer brand terms, not broad, non-brand queries. This format appeared on brand+outlet queries: “talbots outlet,” “banana republic outlet” and “ann taylor outlet.” When I first saw the Shopping result on the Talbots query, I assumed the ads linked to a Shopping page featuring the items shown in the ads, among other items in the category sold by Talbots itself. But then I saw the results for “banana republic outlet” and “ann taylor outlet” featuring used items in this ad format. I went back to the “talbots outlet” result and found that the majority of items featured on the corresponding Google Shopping page were also used. I was not able to find the products shown in the ads on the Shopping pages. The used items are being sold by Thredup, Poshmark and eBay, among others. I have only seen this Shopping ad format appear on mobile and have not been able to replicate these results with other terms like “used.” These ads do not appear on all retailer+outlet combinations. I also have yet to see any Showcase ads appearing on broad queries. We’ve reached out to Google with questions and will include any updates here. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Articles See how Google is showing even more Shopping Ads on desktop this season Carousels of Google Shopping ads spotted on YouTube Criteo launches Predictive Search to automate Google Shopping campaign optimizations The 7 best ad and landing page elements to boost online conversions Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AdWords: Product Listing AdsSearch AdsSearch Ads: Product Ads Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
M Sunday, Nov 20 2016 | Updated at 12:37 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Nov 18, 2016 09:37 AM EST By Noi Ramirez, UniversityHerald Reporter Google Earth VR: Supports HTC Vive Headset, Launched [Video] Google Earth in Virtual Reality was recently launched providing support for the HTC Vive. (Photo : Credit: Adam Berry / Stringer) Google Earth in Virtual Reality was recently launched providing support for the HTC Vive. Google recently launched Google Earth VR, letting users explore landmarks all over the world in the comforts of their own home. Google Earth VR has been in development for some time now, according to The Verge. The interface is akin to Google Street View, but while users get to view streets in 360-degree cameras, users of Google Earth VR can virtually roam freely around reconstructed topographical locations of the globe, or can even be used to take tours of museums and other interesting locations using the HTC Vive Headset. Google has included several pre-set tours and destinations in the package that are comfortable and an immersive experience, according to c|net. Users can fully interact with the virtual environment in an intuitive and simple manner; however, the new app has no search feature as of yet. Google Earth VR is slowly moving forward ever since its introduction with the Oculus Rift back in 2013. The new Google Earth VR is exclusive to the HTC Vive to start, and they might also add other platforms in the future like Google's Daydream. Project Manager Mike Podwal says the next step for Google VR, in adding more data and tie-ins to other Google products. Google says they aim to make this "a rich geospacial way to learn about the world." For now, the project is also a natural complement to Google's Street View. The Google Earth VR has almost 200 Million square miles covered for users to explore. With that immense size, there is should be no shortage of things to look at and admire when using Google Earth VR. For those who already have the HTC Vive headset, Google Earth VR is free and can be downloaded from the Steam Store. Tags Google, Google Earth, Google Earth VR, htc vive, htc vive vr gadget, Google Street View, Google Earth images, virtual reality © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Will Brand Malicious Sites ‘Deceptive’; Won’t Entertain Reviews To ... The Top 5 Android Phone Flops Of All Time [VIDEO] Google Pixel And 7 Settings You Should Change, Now! [VIDEO] NASA: Sniffs Out Life On Mars Using Bio-Indicator LiDAR Instrument (BILI) [Video ... Xiaomi Mi 5c Price Leak; 'Meri' Smartphone with 5.5-inch Display, 3 GB RAM Comin ... Join the Conversation Must Read National Universities With The Most Students Living In Campus Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTHarvard has the most number of undergraduates living in campus. ... College Admissions? Ignoring Life After College Is A Mistake Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTFind out why many college students are not getting the career development they want. ... Guide To The Most Frequently Asked Questions During Tech Interviews Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTInterviews are one of the toughest phases of your job application and here are some of the most important questions commonly asked during tech ... MIT Picks Top 10 Smartest Company In The World Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTAmazon tops the list of ... Most Popular Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro: Is It Better than Xiaomi Redmi Note 3? Let's Compare UI, Speedtest, and Performance! Nov 18, 2016 PM ESTIs Galaxy On7 Pro better than Redmi Note 3? How do they compare? Check out the review! ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Thanksgiving Event: Second Gen Pokemon Release Date Will Be Revealed; Niantic Offers Bird-Based, Horses Pokemon for Thanksgiving? [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTAs the Thanksgiving celebration is imminent, rumors about the latest offerings of Niantic for “Pokemon GO” started to circulate around the ... PlayStation 4 Pro Review: A Cool Console But Is The Price Worth It? Nov 19, 2016 PM ESTThe PlayStation 4 Pro is cool console but its not for everyone. It will be good gaming investment though, for certain people who fit certain ... Google Nexus 7 (2016): HTC Will Work with Google Again for 2017 Tablet Release Date? [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTJust when everyone thought that Google Nexus 7 (2016) will not see the light of the day, they are probably mistaken because latest rumors suggest that ... ‘Rick and Morty' Season 3 News: The 3rd Season Will Premiere Sooner [Video] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTRick and Morty' Season 3 will return earlier than expected to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim before the end of 2016. ... Xiaomi Mi 5c Price Leak; 'Meri' Smartphone with 5.5-inch Display, 3 GB RAM Coming in December Nov 19, 2016 PM ESTThe latest leak suggests that Xiaomi will release another affordable device in December. ... Microsoft Surface 'Phone': Is It Actually A Phone? Rumors On Specs, Release Date & Updates Detailed! Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTAs rumors about the Microsoft Surface Pro circulate around the web, sources took note of a few things consumers can expect from the company. ... Ben Carson Declined Any Cabinet Position Especially The Circulating Education Secretary Post Rumor Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTBen Carson declined cabinet position offer from Trump as he wants to have the freedom to work in many different issues. ... Sony PlayStation 4 Pro – 4K TV Guide – How To Choose Right TV Specs For Pro Console Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTSony generally recommends a big 4k TV set for the PlayStation 4 Pro. However, there are a number technical aspects that prospective 4K TV buyers ... Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Samsung Has Taken Advantage of Qualcomm’s New Chipset for Longer Battery Life, Quick Charge, More! [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTWhat’s more exciting about the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is the latest features offered by its rumored processor, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 for ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Previous Article Russia Blocks LinkedIn, U.S. 'Deeply Concerned' Next Article Is a Retreat from Private Cloud Also Under Way? Cisco Weighs In Cloud Computing, Google Google Cloud Anticipates Machine Learning Growth with GPU by Chris Burt  on November 18, 2016 Add Your Comments Tweet Brought to You by The WHIR Google is bringing graphics processing unit (GPU) chips to its Compute Engine and Cloud Machine Learning to boost performance for intensive computing tasks like rendering and large-scale simulations. GPUs will be available from Google Cloud Platform worldwide in early 2017, according to an announcement this week. In a separate announcement, the company announced a new Cloud Machine Learning group, and a series of moves related to machine learning and artificial intelligence. Google introduced its new Cloud Jobs API, which applies machine learning to the hiring process, as well as significantly reduced prices for its Cloud Vision API, and a premium edition of its Cloud Translation (formerly Google Translate) API.  A blog post outlining Google’s machine learning-related updates also announces the general availability of the Cloud Natural Language API. The announcements collectively represent a push not just to broaden its compute-intensive cloud services, but to deliver practical services built on them. GPUs are used as accelerators on many clouds, from Peer1 to AWS, though industry players are engaged in an ongoing debate about the scalability and relative efficiency of different approaches. Google says the GPUs on its cloud will be AMD’s FirePro S9300 x2 for remote workstations and the Tesla P100 and Tesla K80s from NVIDIA for deep learning, AI, and high-performance computing (HPC) applications. Google is offering the GPUs in passthrough mode for bare metal performance, and up to 8 can be attached to each VM instance. “These new instances of GPUs in the Google Cloud offer extraordinary performance advantages over comparable CPU-based systems and underscore the inflection point we are seeing in computing today,” said Todd Mostak, founder and CEO of data exploration startup MapD, which used them as part of an early access program. “Using standard analytical queries on the 1.2 billion row NYC taxi dataset, we found that a single Google n1-highmem-32 instance with 8 attached K80 dies is on average 85 times faster than Impala running on a cluster of 6 nodes each with 32 vCPUs. Further, the innovative SSD storage configuration via NVME further reduced cold load times by a factor of five. This performance offers tremendous flexibility for enterprises interested in millisecond speed at over billions of rows.” GPU instances take minutes to set up from Google Cloud Console or the gcloud command line, and are priced per minute. Google Cloud Platform also extended its geographic reach earlier this month with a new Tokyo region. This article was originally posted here at The Whir. Previous Article Russia Blocks LinkedIn, U.S. 'Deeply Concerned' Next Article Is a Retreat from Private Cloud Also Under Way? Cisco Weighs In Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Chris Burt (148 Posts) Chris Burt is a WHIR contributor and writer of both fiction and non-fiction. His writing projects can be followed on Twitter @afakechrisburt. Related Stories Blades Intel Wants to Make Machine Learning Scalable by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on June 20, 2016 Says big GPU-filled boxes for machine learning are inefficient Read More Amazon How Amazon’s New Machine Learning Service Can Help in Data Center Management by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on April 10, 2015 General-purpose machine-learning service can be used to predict hardware failures, temperature fluctuations, and more Read More Big Data Microsoft Brings Machine Learning as a Service to Azure Cloud by Jason Verge on June 27, 2014 Upcoming cloud service aims to put heavy-duty data analytics capabilities into the hands of the general public. Read More Featured Google Using Machine Learning to Boost Data Center Efficiency by Rich Miller on May 28, 2014 Google is using machine learning and artificial intelligence to wring even more efficiency out of its mighty data centers. The humans remain in charge, but Google expects to reach new frontiers in efficiency in its server farms. Read More Amazon Amazon Uses NVIDIA GPU to Power G2 Cloud Instance by John Rath on November 7, 2013 NVIDIA (NVDA) announced that its GRID technology is now available from Amazon Web Services (AWS) through its newly announced Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud G2 instance, delivering GPU acceleration to users running graphics-intensive applications and games in the cloud. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market How working at Google led this man to jump from the stratosphere Sameepa Shetty | @sameepa Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 5:24 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Imagine free-falling to Earth, hurtling down like a sack of potatoes going faster than the speed of sound, with some weird light illuminating your path. Source: 14 Minutes From Earth Alan Eustace, stratospheric explorer, during a test jump Normally the next step would be suddenly waking up. But what might be someone else's dream was Alan Eustace's reality. Eustace, 57, spent 13 years working at Google before this death-defying leap from the stratosphere. In doing so he crushed three world records while breaking the sound barrier. But all that aside, the natural question here is — why? Is this the nerd's version of a midlife crisis or Google's in-disguise man of steel? Turns out: neither. The son of an aerospace engineer, Alan grew up "immersed in Apollo missions." It's no wonder that drew him to all things space and science. An engineer, pilot and sky diver, his skill diversity was just right for Google — arguably the world's largest repository of knowledge and incubator of unthinkable ideas. As Google's senior vice president of knowledge, much of Alan's day job was overseeing engineering and development efforts in maps, search and research. While still at Google, he became part of the "StratEx" project. StratEx was conceived to create an inexpensive, reusable and safe way to explore the stratosphere. Until StratEx, the only way to get to the stratosphere was in a heavy, cumbersome, expensive, complex and potentially dangerous capsule — the technology first used nearly 60 years ago. Enter space technologists. The team created a spacesuit that would allow Alan to safely dive through the stratosphere. ILC Dover, which created all the Apollo mission suits, made its first commercial suit for Alan. This suit also separated Alan's jump from the much-publicized Red Bull–backed-effort by Austrian sky-diver Felix Baumgartner. Red Bull used a specially designed pressurized capsule technology versus a space suit. The size, weight and complexity of the capsule required a much larger balloon to go to an altitude that was more than a mile lower than the StratEx record. Source: 14 Minutes from Earth Sunrise from the stratosphere RedBull also invested heavily in marketing and promoting the project as a space jump. StratEx was privately financed as a scientific endeavor and created an entirely new stratospheric launch system, and a new parachute system designed to stabilize the pilot's descent. For StratEx, carefully avoiding publicity to let the team stay focused on the science and engineering was mission critical. That's until "14 Minutes From Earth," a new documentary that showcases Alan's 14-minute journey back to Earth. It chronicles the journey to October 21, 2014. Just after 7 a.m. that morning in the New Mexico desert, Alan was launched — attached to an enormous gas-filled balloon — and ascended 135,891 feet over two hours into the blackness of near-space. After clearance with ground control, Alan was released from the balloon, falling faster than the speed of the sound. After falling for 123,303 feet over four and a half minutes, Alan opened his parachute for the final 10-minute journey back down to Earth. The entire trip from the stratosphere back down to the ground took a little over 14 minutes. The balloon was equipped with a variety of fail-safe mechanisms to rip holes in its thin plastic skin. Wind conditions and terrain were taken into account by ground control to determine when to rip the balloon, so that it landed safely without harming people or property on the ground. The StratEx team collected and recycled the balloon. So where does this endeavor go from here? The technology developed during the StratEx project was proven to be so successful that it is being used to push the boundaries of what is possible in space exploration. Currently in use for previously impossible unmanned climate and communications missions, the next frontier for the technology will be commercially accessible manned missions and potential uses for high-altitude emergency escapes. Sameepa ShettyProducer, Squawk on the Street and Squawk Alley Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Cloud   /   Early Stage Startup Heptio Aims to Make Kubernetes Friendly       Early Stage Startup Heptio Aims to Make Kubernetes Friendly     By Sean Michael Kerner  |  Posted 2016-11-18 Print               Two Former Google staffers the built the original Google Compute Engine and helped to create Kubernetes are launching their own company to fill a perceived gap in the container orchestration market. Heptio was officially announced on Nov. 17, as yet another company in the ever-growing landscape of vendors aiming to support the open-source Kubernetes container orchestration system. Heptio is noteworthy in that it was recently founded and led by the same two Google staffers, Craig McLuckie and Joe Beda, that originally created Kubernetes in the first place. "I first met Joe at Google six years ago and we built our first product together, which was Google's Compute Engine (GCE)," McLuckie told eWEEK. GCE was Google's first attempt at a creating Infrastructure-as-a-Service cloud offering. McLuckie said that the experience of building GCE taught him and Beda about virtual machine infrastructure and how people struggled to build an efficient infrastructure. After building GCE, Beda discovered Docker as a way to help solve part of the virtualization challenge, though he realized it didn't address the issues of operations and management capabilities. Beda and McLuckie worked with Google engineer Brendan Burns and collectively they came up with the idea to create Kubernetes. "The idea was to create a Google-inspired orchestration tool that would manage Docker containers, that would be built in the open by Google and delivered as an open-source project to the community," McLuckie said. Kubernetes is now part of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF), which is a Linux Foundation Collaborative project that McLuckie helped to start in July 2015. McLuckie left Google at the end of October 2016, to start Heptio, which he now leads as CEO. Heptio has already managed to  raise $8.5 million in funding from Accel and Madrona Venture Group to help build the company. Though there are multiple commercial providers supporting Kubernetes today, McLuckie sees a gap in the marketplace that he's hoping to fill with Heptio. "There is an obvious gap for a product company to emerge and continue the Kubernetes mission, providing support and delivering the next set of capabilities to enterprise as they start to operate at scale," McLuckie said. "So Joe and I have started Heptio to really make Kubernetes accessible, useful and enterprise-ready." The name Heptio has particular meaning and relates back to some of the original naming ideas behind Kubernetes itself. The Kubernetes project wasn't always called Kubernetes. It actually started its life as an internal project at Google called Project 7. Google has its own orchestration system called Borg, and Project 7 is a reference to the Star Trek character 7 of 9, which is a Borg that becomes friendly. The Borg of course, are also mentioned in Star Trek as a collective of cybernetic humanoids bent on assimilating all species and technologies. The Project 7 name didn't stick, with McLuckie instead coming up the name Kubernetes, which is a Greek word for pilot. While the Project 7 name didn't last, the Kubernetes logo has seven spokes, as a nod to the Project 7 origins. McLuckie explained that when coming up with the name for his new startup he wanted to respect the heritage of Kubernetes. Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST CLOUD ARTICLES   Microsoft's Azure Advisor Helps Customers Float Cloud Applications Early Stage Startup Heptio Aims to Make Kubernetes Friendly Google, Intel to Collaborate on Cloud, IoT Technolgies Social Media Sites Take Risks When Blocking Speech They Don't Like Google Seeks To Make Job Searches Easier With New Cloud API                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 18 GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 Google explains how it used sound and wallpapers to create the Pixel’s ‘confidently minimal’ experience Stephen Hall - 2 days ago @hallstephenj Android Google Pixel View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit If there’s one thing that’s undeniably true about the Pixel, it’s that it has a higher level of fit and finish than any Nexus smartphone — or maybe even perhaps Android smartphone — preceding it. A couple of ways this is most obvious is the phone’s collection of high-quality wallpapers, and its unique specially-designed sounds that are both distinctly Google-y and pleasing to the senses. Today, Google has published an article on its Google Design blog explaining how the team used these seeming minor details to create an experience with the Pixel that’s “confidently minimal” and stays true to Google’s design principles of “simplicity, intelligence, customization, and trustworthiness.” The Pixel’s wallpapers — especially the live ones that dynamically adapt to different things like battery and weather — are really nice. I specifically mentioned them in my review. But you would be surprised how much thought actually went into these: The composition of this wallpaper took hard work, as we wanted to ensure that the horizon would line up perfectly with the back-plate of the phone. We also needed to develop a robust color palette to show off our rich AMOLED screens while complementing our mostly primary-colored Google app icons. The final result is a set of live data wallpapers that balance simplicity and intelligence without creating unnecessary clutter and noise. There was also a lot of thought that went into the phone’s ringtones, notification sounds, and alarms. By taking a more minimal approach to the arrangements and using a purer sound that resonates well on a device, there’s a greater ability to pop through everyday noise in order to get the user’s attention. What’s more, a device with a small speaker is not going to reproduce the rich sound and playback experience of a home stereo. Complex musical arrangements, big bassy sounds, or sounds that don’t take advantage of the resonance of the device can all be trouble areas on a small speaker. Google also describes why it designed the phone’s notification sounds the way it did. You can listen to several examples of these at the Google Design website if you don’t already own a Pixel: A notification sound should alert users that something needs their attention, but should do so in a way that respects the relationship they have with their devices. These sounds should be short, snappy, and audible but not invasive or overly decorative. Head over to the Google Design website to read the full piece. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Home will be available for $99 from Best Buy for Black Friday Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | November 18, 2016 55 shares 39 14 0 0 0 0 1 0 1               Google Home is a fairly new device, but on Black Friday it’ll be getting a pretty big discount. Best Buy will sell the Google Home for $99 during its Black Friday sale, which runs from November 24 through November 26. That price is $30 off the Google Home’s regular asking price of $129. Google Home is a speaker that includes Google Assistant, a voice-activated assistant that can answer questions, look up info, play music, and more. The Home is already priced competitively when compared to its main rival, the Amazon Echo, but this sale will make the Home even more tempting. One thing that’s worth noting is that Best Buy will also discount the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot during its Black Friday sale. The Amazon Echo will be available for $139.99 ($40 off) while the Echo Dot will be $39.99 ($10 off). No matter which assistant device you choose, do keep in mind that these Black Friday sales will likely go quick. If you’d like to snag a discounted device, you should probably act as fast as you can on November 24. Other notable mobile deals that’ll be available at Best Buy on Black Friday include a $300 Best Buy gift card with the purchase of an LG G5 on a Sprint or Verizon installment billing agreement; a free $250 gift card and Gear VR with the purchase of a Galaxy S7 or S7 edge on a Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint installment billing agreement; and an unlocked Galaxy S7 for $549.99 ($120 off) with free Samsung Fast Charge Wireless Charge Pad. You can check out all 48 pages of Best Buy’s Black Friday ad right here. Via:  Droid-Life Source:  Best Buy Android Black Friday 2016 Google Next ArticleBlue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches at T-Mobile Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Samsung Pay and standalone operation make the Gear S3 a tempting buy View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 1 day ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 3 weeks 1 day ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 29 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 29 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Facebook Shouldn't Bother Policing Fake News—It Should Go Local Instead subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Caption: Mark Zuckerberg speaks at the Techonomy 2016 conference in Half Moon Bay, on November 10, 2016.David Paul Morris/Bloomberg/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 11.18.16. 11.18.16 Time of Publication: 4:23 pm. 4:23 pm Facebook Shouldn’t Bother Policing Fake News—It Should Go Local Instead Mark Zuckerberg speaks at the Techonomy 2016 conference in Half Moon Bay, on November 10, 2016.David Paul Morris/Bloomberg/Getty Images Since the election, Facebook has faced growing pressure to police hoaxes and misleading content. And with good reason: around 44 percent of US adults get at least some of their news through Facebook, and fake news often spreads more quickly through social media than real news. But civic-minded technologist Clay Johnson, author of The Information Diet, warns that putting Facebook and Google in charge of deciding what is and isn’t true isn’t a good way to stop the spread of misinformation. “The moment that Facebook tries to become the arbiter of truth is the moment that people will discredit its authority,” he tweeted this week. So Johnson has proposed another idea: Facebook could use its enormous influence to shift the spotlight away from the spectacle of national news and onto local issues that people can see and connect with more directly. Related Stories The 2016 Election Exposes the Very, Very Dark Side of Tech Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Facebook Alone Didn’t Create Trump—The Click Economy Did HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter “If you want to be free of fake news, you’ve got to focus on things that are observable,” Johnson said in a phone interview. “So there’s nothing that does that like going into your community.” The problem with Facebook or Google trying to fight fake news is that as soon as they start judging what is and isn’t true, people with opposing views will turn on the companies themselves, just as they accuse newspapers and television networks of bias when they tell stories that don’t fit their worldview. People who disagree with the choices Facebook or Google make won’t see the companies as any less partisan than the news organizations with which they already see themselves at odds. Promoting more local content, on the other hand, would not only give people a more direct way to participate in issues that affect them where they live, but a more immediate way to verify what’s actually going on. Instead of—or at least in addition to—your usual timeline filled with outrageous quotes from national politicians, you would see information that’s relevant to your community or neighborhood. An explosion of publicly available datasets from government agencies and non-profits could fuel such a service. And of course Facebook and other social media services gather quite a bit of data themselves. Facebook could mine that data for insights into how you could best help your community. For example, Facebook could tell you that your zip code has the highest rate of child poverty in your state and then give you a list of relevant organizations with which you could volunteer, Johnson says. Facebook could use its enormous influence to shift the spotlight away from the spectacle of national news and onto local issues. Yes, building such a system could be a big undertaking for Facebook. But as Johnson points out, it would probably be a lot easier than hiring an army of fact-checkers to rid the social network of fake news. And Facebook could sell ads alongside all these bits of local information. A bigger problem for the social network would be whether local information would prove as compelling to users as emotionally charged national political news. But Johnson is confident that a focus on local issues would be good business for Facebook. “I think it would cause people to share more content that’s locally relevant, more interesting content,” Johnson says. Such a scheme wouldn’t necessarily solve the problem of fake news, much less heal the deep rifts that the country. But maybe it could help pull individual communities together. Facebook’s reach is global. But it also knows where most of its users live, which gives it the power to make its focus local. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. election 2016 Facebook Media Social Media Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games Gaming Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games 6 hours America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 11.17.16 The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 11.17.16 These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now Music These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now 11.14.16 John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 11.14.16 Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 days More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Chips Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Brain Drain Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World’s AI Talent 11.17.16 social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 11.16.16 physics Physicists Uncover Strange Numbers in Particle Collisions 6 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (November 18th) +3,485 Andrew Myrick Nov 18th, 2016 The amount of Android news each week can be overwhelming, but you can follow the best of the best with an app called EarlyBird – News for Android. It includes ALL of the Android news you crave and lets users decide what matters most to them. EarlyBird has recently received a huge update that allows you to subscribe to specific topics so you never miss stories about your favorite things! Download the app on the Google Play Store or, for desktop users, find related discussion in the Android Forums News section. Here’s what you picked as your favorite news stories for the week: #10 – Huawei Google Pixel 51 likes – In an interview with Huawei’s Consumer Business Group, it was confirmed that the company pulled out of negotiations with Google for development on the Pixel and Pixel XL due to Google’s plans to remove any other brand recognition. Source: Android Authority Discuss at Android Forums #9 – New Google Photos Update 52 likes – The latest update for Google Photos now allows a new slider called “Deep Blue”. This slider allows you to change the color of the sky in any photographs that you are taking. Source: The Verge Discuss at Android Forums #8 – SwiftKey Keyboard Incognito Mode 53 likes – SwiftKey has updated its Keyboard app to include a new incognito mode. This update will temporarily stop SwiftKey from learning new words and phrases. Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums #7 – US Phones Backdoor Hack 54 likes – It has been revealed that BLU phones include an application that is a backdoor hack which shares various pieces of information with companies in China every 72 hours. This information includes text messages, GPS location, and who you have called. Source: NY Times Discuss at Android Forums #6 – ZTE Stock Android 55 likes – ZTE has announced it is looking into creating a near-stock Android experience in its new devices. This new smartphone would be removed of all bloatware and offer a cheaper Nexus-like option. Source: ZTE Community Discuss at Android Forums #5 – Quick Charge 4 56 likes – Qualcomm has introduced the new Snapdragon 835 processor which includes Quick Charge 4.0. The new version of Quick Charge can provide up to 20% faster charging and 30% higher effiency when compared to Quick Charge 3.0. Source: Anandtech Discuss at Android Forums #4 – Google Play Music Redesign 56 likes – Google released an update to its Play Music application which features an all new interface. This update also offers more personalized suggestions on the front page of the application. Source: Musically Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums #3 – MKBHD Pixel Review 57 likes – MKBHD has released his video review of the Google Pixel and states that the device features enough of a upgraded performance from its camera and software to put it above the competition. Watch on YouTube Discuss at Android Forums #2 – Night Mode Android Nougat 59 likes – If you want to enable Night Mode on your non-Pixel devices, there is a new application by the name of “Night Mode enabler” which uses the System UI Tuner to enable Night Mode. Read more at WonderHowTo Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums #1 – Google PhotoScan App 61 likes – Google has released a new application by the name of PhotoScan which allows you to take a picture of an old print photo and have it saved within your Google Photos library. Read more at Engadget Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums What’s YOUR top news item for the week? Disagree with the Top 10? Let us know in the comments and vote for yourself everyday by downloading EarlyBird on Google Play! local_offer    EarlyBird   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading Top Android Stories of the Week (November 11th) Top Android Stories of the Week (November 4th) Top Android Stories of the Week (October 28th) Top Android Stories of the Week (October 21st) Top Android stories of the week (October 14th) stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
null
null
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu News All News Stories Talk of Iowa River to River Iowa Week 2016 Culture and Diversity 2016 Elections Iowa Archives All News Programs News Staff Classical Classical Playlists Classical Iowa Blog Iowa Arts Showcase At the Opera with IPR Performance Iowa Symphonies of Iowa Choral Tradition Classical Pronunciation Guide All Music Programs Classical Staff Studio One Studio One Playlists Studio One Blog The B-Side Blog Featured Release Backtracks Beatles Medley Blue Avenue Java Blend Studio One Tracks The Folk Tree All Music Programs Studio One Staff Playlists Classical Studio One Listening Radio & HD Listening Online Listening IPR App Radio & HD Signal Maps Printable Program Schedules Podcasts Mobile Apps Support IPR Pledge Now How to Support Vehicle Donation Business Sponsors Sustaining Membership Leadership Circle On-air Dedication Looking for your Tax Receipt? Contest Rules of Entry Events & Ways To Connect Election Hangover Happy Hour DMSC Studio One Live IPR Coloring Book Community Calendar Share Your Insights Facebook Twitter Contact Us ISDN Bookings Search Menu News All News Stories Talk of Iowa River to River Iowa Week 2016 Culture and Diversity 2016 Elections Iowa Archives All News Programs News Staff Classical Classical Playlists Classical Iowa Blog Iowa Arts Showcase At the Opera with IPR Performance Iowa Symphonies of Iowa Choral Tradition Classical Pronunciation Guide All Music Programs Classical Staff Studio One Studio One Playlists Studio One Blog The B-Side Blog Featured Release Backtracks Beatles Medley Blue Avenue Java Blend Studio One Tracks The Folk Tree All Music Programs Studio One Staff Playlists Classical Studio One Listening Radio & HD Listening Online Listening IPR App Radio & HD Signal Maps Printable Program Schedules Podcasts Mobile Apps Support IPR Pledge Now How to Support Vehicle Donation Business Sponsors Sustaining Membership Leadership Circle On-air Dedication Looking for your Tax Receipt? Contest Rules of Entry Events & Ways To Connect Election Hangover Happy Hour DMSC Studio One Live IPR Coloring Book Community Calendar Share Your Insights Facebook Twitter Contact Us ISDN Bookings Search Related Program:  River to River Media Literacy: How to Identify False or Misleading News Sources By Emily Woodbury & Ben Kieffer • Nov 18, 2016 Related Program:  River to River TweetShareGoogle+Email Daniel Rehn Listen Listening... / 44:59 Listen to the entire hour of this Friday's River to River This week, Google and Facebook announced measures aimed at halting the spread of "fake news" on the internet. Google says it’s working on a policy change that will prevent websites that misrepresent content from using its AdSense advertising network. Facebook updated its advertising policies, spelling out that its ban on deceptive and misleading content applies to fake news. The move comes as Google, Facebook and Twitter face a backlash over the role they played in the presidential election, by allowing the spread of false and often malicious information that might have swayed voters. Listen Listening... / 8:10 Hear Ben Kieffer's interview with Melissa Zimdars - River to River On this River to River interview, Ben Kieffer talks with Melissa Zimdars, a University of Iowa alumnus who now teaches at Merrimack College in North Andover, Massachusetts. She recently created a list of fake and satirical news sites that's gained a lot of attention due to the election controversy. She says the best way to discern between real and fake news content is to actually read what you're sharing. "If you're reading something and you're not sure, you can consider a few different things. One, is the news story attributed to a specific author? Google that author, Google the news sources, and read about what people are saying. If it's been reported anywhere, if it's a legitimate news source, there's likely a Wikipedia page with it," Zimdars says. "You can also just consider things like whether the article uses all-caps frequently or really exaggerated language, like one political candidate 'destroying' another political candidate. Most legitimate and reliable news sources don't use that kind of language and don't frequently use all caps in their reporting." Also on the show: Brianne Pfannenstiel of the Des Moines Register talks about a state representative's plan to introduce what he calls a “suck it up, buttercup” bill – legislation to stop what he sees as the coddling of students with taxpayer money; an update on what the latest research shows regarding the human health impacts of frac sand mining; Sarah Boden talks about protests in Cedar Rapids in response to a police shooting investigation; and an ISU researcher talks about how texting can be used as tool to help parents teach math at home. Tags:  River to River News Buzz TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content How A Cow In Your Living Room Could Make the Difference for Asthma and Allergies 3 months ago Transgender Iowan Files Complaint Due to Workplace Struggle 3 months ago Young Eagles in Quad Cities Join Monitoring Study Aiming to Protect Birds from Manmade Hazards 5 months ago © 2016 Iowa Public Radio About IPR Board of Directors Contact Us Careers at IPR Terms of Use For the Press Events
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Home Get the Google Home speaker for $99 at Best Buy on Black Friday New, 12 comments An Echo competitor for nearly half the price by Nick Statt@nickstatt Nov 18, 2016, 4:05pm EST share tweet Linkedin The new Google Home smart speaker is $30 off at Best Buy next week as part of the retailer’s Black Friday deals. The Home normally retails for $130, and you can get it for $99 plus six months of free YouTube Red, the video site’s ad-free subscription service, if you manage to snag the deal between November 24th and November 26th. Best Buy’s ad indicates that the deal is not restricted to in-store purchase only, so the web store listing link for the Home should reflect the price change after 5PM ET on Thanksgiving Day. While it does have its limitations now just a little over a month after launch, Google Home is a solid alternative to Amazon’s Echo speaker. Instead of using a personified AI, like the Echo’s Alexa or Apple’s Siri, Google relies on voice-powered variation of its Google Assistant, the same software that powers its new Allo chat app. Still, these speakers are mostly used to play music, get basic web info, and do small tasks like setting timers and checking directions. You can pair more than one together for a Sonos-like effect, if you’re interested in purchasing more than one. Google does have one thing going for it that others don’t: its Chromecast family of devices gives the Home an easy communication link to your media center, should you happen to own a Chromecast Audio or the standard Chromecast. For more on the best Black Friday deals kicking off next week and happening right now, check out The Verge’s dedicated hub. - Via: Droid Life - Source: Best Buy Next Up In Circuit Breaker This smart device sniffed my morning breath to check for gum disease These are some fancy iPhone corner protectors Daydream Nation Google is bringing Android app support to four more Chromebooks The Dashbot is a $49 gadget that turns your car into Knight Rider’s KITT Sony’s voice assistant earbuds will be released in the US on December 13th Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 5. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 0 comments Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 0 comments Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 9 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville TL;DR Watch This Entertainment The Late Late Show reveals what happens when a wizard tries to go through airport security by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them hits theaters this weekend, and to promote the film, Eddie Redmayne stopped by The Late Late Show with James Corden, where he appears in a hilarious sketch that reimagined his character Newt Scamander... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon Police want the right to force Canadians to unlock their smartphones 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy Ian Hardy November 18, 2016 3:38pm Google has embarked on a new direction and is now selling its own products in Canada through a partnership with Best Buy Canada. This initiative is a North American first and there are currently four of Google’s “shop within a shop” locations: Mississauga (Heartland Town Centre), Calgary (Deerfoot Meadows), Edmonton (South Edmonton Common), and Vancouver (2220 Cambie Street location). Each location is approximately 700 square feet and is designed to be inclusive and immersive. In addition, Best Buy and Google opened ten smaller locations across Canada in October with a goal to offer those interested in experiencing the latest Google hardware firsthand, such the Pixel and Pixel XL, Daydream View and Chromecast Ultra. Similar to other carriers and manufacturers in Canada, Google will be hosting special workshops on each of its products and services, with the option to book 1:1 appointments with “Google Guides” for tech help. Janell Fischer, director of retail marketing at Google said, “We’re proud of the collaboration with Best Buy and their new Experience Stores, particularly as the concept aims to enhance the traditional way of shopping and aligns with Google’s immersive approach.” Below is a gallery of the Mississauga Heartland Town Centre location: Photography courtesy of Matthew Moniz Kian No Google Home tho….. 🙁 Jack Smith Our Best Buy in the US was sold out of the Google Home. They had a pallet but gone. Hopefully re-stocked for black Friday. Is weird the employees have no idea when more are coming in. They indicated a truck just shows up. First thought was these stores are competing with Amazon and this is how it works? hunter2 Do they have the phones without the giant security devices attached to them? I went to the one by Sherway Gardens because I wanted to get a feel for the phone. Unfortunately, those giant security devices make it impossible to get an idea of how the phone is going to feel in hand. Casey Moore Can you actually buy their products unlocked from these stores? chetankania Follow up: can you buy products that are not available on the google web store (e.g., google day dream)? If not, please explain what the purpose of this is. Jay Bird if you’re looking for the daydream..i saw them at telus at square one shopping centre. chetankania Daydream was an example. I was more wondering if this was just a physical version of the webstore. Can you get a 5x or 6p? Google home? Google WiFi? PandaBread If getting the “google experience” comes packaged with a mandatory 2 year contract or locked on a carrier, then there is no point to this whole thing. hunkyleepickle I suspect it does… thereasoner I bought my Pixel from the Play Store but I suspect that the vast majority of people still by their phones on contract. hunkyleepickle Are they selling products? JG Google is releasing Wear 2.0 in “early 2017” and evleaks suggests their in house watches will be released during Q1…. So I smell another Made By Google event in February, maybe March…. Levi is supposed to be releasing their Jacquard enabled Commuter Jacket in spring 2017 as well… But Levi already has their name all over it and likely won’t give up getting to put their label on the jacket…. And since Google doesn’t seem to want any other company’s logo/name on a MbG item… I’d kind of like to see Google preempt Levi by releasing a Jacquard Hoodie (those G hoodies in a couple of the pics above). I’d imagine they could probably find someone to make a hoodie with a Jacquard strip embedded in the sleeve(s) that would be willing to omit their own label. And there (hopefully) shouldn’t be any issue of it being rushed to production… I’m not really a jean jacket guy but I would love to get to play with the tech… I am, though a hoodie guy and spring would be the perfect time when it starts to get warmer and you can downgrade from a proper coat to a hoodie… I’d happily order a hoodie for sure… Maybe even two depending on the color options (not sure you could do more than white or black with the multi-colored G on the back) & the price of course… Jon Shopping The jacket isn’t Made By Google though. Its a partnership between the two companies. They have a logo on the website that is more than likely how you will see it on the clothing. JG The hoodies could be the Nexus – Google made non-skinned version of Jacquard, while the Commuter jacket Levi’s custom version… Ron Just in time for christmas Brad Fortin That’s a nice-looking store section. I wonder if stores like Best Buy will eventually just be a bunch of these sections from different manufacturers? Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Top 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (November 18, 2016) +7,612 Joe Fedewa Nov 18th, 2016 Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. Each week we will highlight five of the best new or overlooked apps and games. You’re sure to find some hidden gems in these recommendations. Go forth and download! 1. PhotoScan PhotoScan is an app by Google that aims to make it easy to scan and save all your printed photos. Instead of trying to use your phone to take a picture of a picture, PhotoScan uses some magic to make the process easier. Simply get the photo in frame and line up the dots. PhotoScan will piece everything together and give you a flat photo without any glare. It doesn’t work perfect every time, but when it does, it’s very cool. DOWNLOAD: PhotoScan – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 4.2/5 Installs: 500,000 – 1,000,000 2. Wallpaper Modder Have you ever found a cool wallpaper, but the colors are all wrong? Wallpaper Modder is a simple app that allows you to customize any wallpaper. You can adjust the hue and saturation to get the perfect color. The app also allows you to tweak the brightness, contrast, and blur to make it look exactly how you like. You can even invert the colors for a drastic new look. DOWNLOAD: Wallpaper Modder – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 5/5 Installs: 50 – 100 3. Fingerprint Quick Actions One of the cool features on the Pixel phones is the ability to perform gestures on the fingerprint scanner. Fingerprint Quick Action is an app that brings that functionality to all phones and adds extra features. You can choose what happens when you single tap the sensor and when you swipe your finger across it. The app works with unrooted phones, but has enhanced stability with Xposed. DOWNLOAD: Fingerprint Quick Actions – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 4.7/5 Installs: 1,000 – 5,000 4. Parallel Parallel is an unreleased game that asks you to find matching elements as fast as you can. An element is made up of a shapes, colors, and numbers. You have to act quickly to find the element shown at the bottom in the crowd of other elements. The goal is to get as many as you can in the allotted time, but every wrong answer takes your score down. See if you can beat your friends’ scores. DOWNLOAD: Parallel – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: N/A Installs: 100 – 500 5. Maze Dungeon Maze Dungeon is a game that puts you in the middle of a dark maze. The goal is to get the glowing cube to the end, but since the maze is dark you can’t see all the paths. To make things even more difficult, you only have a certain amount of moves before your cube runs out of energy. As the game gets harder you will have to match the glowing color at the end of the maze. DOWNLOAD: Maze Dungeon – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 4.7/5 Installs: 1,000 – 5,000 More Best Apps & Games Our Download This series includes the best apps and games you should be downloading. We also have more lists for the best apps and games on Android. Check them out below! 100 Best Android Apps Best Android Apps for learning languages Best Android apps for college students Best Android Games for Killing Time Most Addictive Android Games of 2016 Reader-voted best apps local_offer    Android Games   Best Android Apps   Download This   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Top 5 Apps/Games - 10/28 Best Apps/Games 10/14/16 Top 5 Apps/Games (Oct 7) Top 5 Apps/Games (Sept 30) Top 5 Apps/Games Sept 23 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Hot Deals Apps Mobiles Internet Laptops How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth Opinions Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Help Me Buy Mobiles Laptops Apps Internet Photos Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Ask Digit Search Searchclose  A क అ   हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو Languages: Profile Login With X Digit Mobile Phones OnePlus 3T v. Google Pixel XL v. LeEco Le Pro 3 v. ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe: Snapdragon 821 phones compared OnePlus 3T v. Google Pixel XL v. LeEco Le Pro 3 v. ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe: Snapdragon 821 phones compared Here's how the latest crop of Snapdragon 821-powered smartphones compare in terms of specifications. By Karthekayan IyerKarthekayan Iyer Published Date 18 - Nov - 2016 | Last Updated 18 - Nov - 2016 Tweet   LeEco Le2 X526 (Rose Gold) 14250 The OnePlus 3T is now official, and with the arrival of the new flagship, OnePlus has done the most obvious thing - killed the previous flagship. In the case of OnePlus 3, it was not even six months old, but OnePlus has found enough reasons to go ahead with the decision. The OnePlus 3 is already officially dead in the US and Europe, and may soon be discontinued in India, too. The new OnePlus 3T improves on its predecessor in three key areas - speed, memory and battery life. The switch from Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 SoC to Snapdragon 821 may look modest on paper, but brings more efficiency to one of the best flagship Android phones. With this processor, OnePlus is also entering a territory that doesn't have much competition, but has Google's Android flagships, the Pixel and Pixel XL, as direct competitor. Other smartphones powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 SoC are the LeEco Le Pro 3 and Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe. Both the devices are yet to launch in India, but their launch is imminent. Here, we see how the OnePlus 3T compares with Google's Pixel phones, LeEco Le Pro 3 and Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe. Design and Display All the smartphones in this price range come with unibody metal design, which is a norm among flagship smartphones these days. The OnePlus 3T is crafted out of a single slab of "space-grade" aluminium alloy, like its sibling, OnePlus 3. At 7.3mm, the smartphone offers an elegant design and is comfortably thin with sharp lines and soft curves. The OnePlus 3T's biggest design differentiator is the use of an alert slider that offers complete control over notifications, somewhat in the nature of the iPhone. If that design looks standard, then you should look at Google's less-than-standard design with Pixel. The Google Pixel features a dual-tone design of sorts, with metal and glass fused into a different look and feel. The smartphone is slim at the bottom, but takes a thicker curve at the top. Its a pretty unusual design among smartphones available in the market right now, although many have sworn semblance to Apple's flag-bearer. You may not like it, but it will never go unnoticed, especially the 'Very Blue' colour variant. The LeEco Le Pro 3 and Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe also offer unibody aluminium builds, but are similar to their predecessors in terms of design. The Zenfone 3 Deluxe is wider, but not that tall, considering its 5.7-inch display. When it comes to displays, the LeEco Le Pro 3 is the only device to sport an IPS LCD panel. The OnePlus 3T uses the same 5.5-inch Full HD Optic AMOLED display, first seen on the OnePlus 3. It was arguably one of the best smartphone displays on budget flagships, and OnePlus seems to have reserved more enhancements for the OnePlus 4. The Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe also offers a 5.7-inch Full HD Super AMOLED panel, but falls short in terms of pixel density. While both the devices offer great displays, the google pixelWhere to buy 57000 57000 XL offers an even crisper and brighter Quad HD AMOLED panel. While AMOLED panels are susceptible to oversaturation at times, it will come down to individual liking. Performance and Battery Life Google's Pixel and Google Pixel XL's highlight was the use of Snapdragon 821 with the latest Android 7.1 Nougat. The smartphones continue to dominate when it comes to integration of software and hardware. While OnePlus 3T, Zenfone 3 Deluxe and Le Pro 3 get the latest Snapdragon 821 under the hood, they are yet to receive the latest Android operating system update. Google's Pixel XL here comes only with 4GB RAM, while the OnePlus 3T and Zenfone 3 Deluxe offer 6GB RAM out of the box. LeEco's Le Pro 3 comes in 4 and 6GB RAM variants, but we are yet to encounter an application that demands such resources. One thing is certain, it is always better to have maximum memory at disposal. When it comes to battery life, however, the LeEco Le Pro 3 stands out from all the other devices. It houses a generous 4070mAh battery, and has modest specifications to drive it. Google's Pixel XL, on the other hand, packs a 3450mAh battery, which is decent enough to last one full day of heavy use. The OnePlus 3T also jumps to a bigger 3400mAh battery, ensuring that it lasts one full day. OnePlus 3 already fared decently on battery tests, and a bigger battery should mean even longer endurance. Asus' Zenfone 3 Deluxe packs the smallest battery of the four phones here, but we observed that the standard Zenfone 3 lasted really well with a 3000mAh battery. It will be worth watching how the same fares with Snapdragon 821 SoC and 6GB RAM under the hood. Camera Google's Pixel and Pixel XL offer one of the best smartphone cameras in the market right now, and it truly shows its prowess. The Pixels use HDR+ mode by default, and is really fast in delivering the final result. The smartphone also launches the camera with one tap, which is a boon when you want to click on the move. The OnePlus 3T should come close to it - and although it doesn't use a wide aperture lens and bigger pixels, the software is reliable and competent. The image sensor paired with OnePlus' Oxygen OS delivers great results on the OnePlus 3. The OnePlus 3T will also appeal to folks obsessed with selfies, and the newly improved 16MP front camera with PDAF should deliver better selfies in low light than competition. Storage and Price The LeEco Le Pro 3 and Google Pixel XL start with 32GB storage, while OnePlus starts from 64GB storage. Asus takes a significant storage leap by offering only one variant with 256GB onboard storage. OnePlus 3T, Pixel XL and LePro 3 can also be bought with 128GB storage - which is the new sweet spot among smartphones in terms of storage. The OnePlus 3T starts at $439 (approx. Rs. 30,000) for the 64GB variant, and while the 128GB variant is costlier by another $40 (Rs. 33,000), they both offer tremendous value for the money spent. Asus has announced a price of Rs 62,999 for its Zenfone 3 Deluxe, but the device is not yet available for purchase. The LeEco Le Pro 3 is yet to launch in India, but it is expected to come with a disruptive pricing like all previous budget flagship smartphones from the company. Google's Pixel XL starts at Rs 67,000, which may sound huge, but Google is promising an experience that is only available on the Pixel phones, for now. If you want to stay ahead of the curve with stock Android experience and an assistant responding to 'Ok Google' all the time, the Pixel is practically the only device until further updates to the new Snapdragon 821 devices, soon. Karthekayan Iyer  Karthekayan.Iyer@9dot9.in Other Popular Deals Xolo Era 4g (8gb) Rs. 4444 Buy Now Moto G Turbo (Black, 16GB) Rs. 8500 Buy Now Redmi Note 3 (Dark Grey, 32 GB) Rs. 11999 Buy Now Interesting Galleries  Best smartphones to buy under Rs.... 14 upcoming mobile phones you should expect in India in 2016 Best camera phones under Rs. 15,000 (November 2016) Best smartphones under Rs. 15,000 with great battery backup 10 smartphone sequels to look forward to in 2015 10 best smartphones between Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 20,000... 26 upcoming & latest smartphones to check-out Slimmest phones you can buy in India [November 2015] The best upgrade options for 10 classic smartphones Huawei P8: First Look Xiaomi Mi4i vs Asus Zenfone 2 (2GB): Quick Comparison LG G4: First Look Asus Zenfone 2 and Zenfone Selfie: In Pictures Sony's current & upcoming Xperia phones: An Overview Micromax Canvas Sliver 5: First Look Sony Xperia C4: First Look Coolpad Dazen X7 and Dazen 1: In pictures LeEco Chairman reaffirms the importance of the Indian Market | Click to know more ​ advertisements Other Popular Deals OnePlus 3 (Graphite, 64 GB) Rs. 27999 Buy Now Lenovo VIBE P1m (Black, 16 GB) Rs. 6999 Buy Now Coolpad Note 3 Lite (Black, 16... Rs. 6999 Buy Now advertisements Trending Reliance Jio may launch 4G VOLTE phones under Rs. 1000 soon OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821 to launch today: Everything... OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: A look at what's changed? OnePlus 3T launched with Snapdragon 821 and 3400mAh battery OnePlus 3 is officially dead in the US and Europe: Report Moto Z Play: Performance Comparison and Display test Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) rumoured to launch with 16MP front... Ming Chi Kuo says iPhone 8 Plus will have 5.5 inch OLED... Vivo Xplay6 launched with dual-curved display and dual rear... Currency Demonetisation: Here's how ATM reconfiguration... Recent Nokia confirms return to smartphones in 2017 Apple could make future iPhones in the US: Report iPhones automatically back up call logs for up to four... Lenovo ZUK Edge leaked images suggest no curved display... Apple announces repair program for iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch... Qualcomm, Samsung partner to manufacture Snapdragon 835 SoC Vivo X9, X9 Plus launched with dual front-facing cameras Teardown reveals 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar to be... InFocus Epic 1 Gionee S9 launched with 5.5-inch display, dual rear camera... advertisements Resource Center Check out the Latest Leeco News and featured articles By Leeco advertisements Contests IBM Watson Analytics Trial Try out the amazing IBM Watson Analytics...PARTICIPATE NOW Forum Discussion Moto G2 v. ASUS Zenfone 5 v. Others Asus Z68 M Pro/V LE + Vengeance + 212 evo asus p8z68-V or p8z68-v-pro which one ? Performance of Asus P5GDC-V Deluxe motherboard Asus F2A85-V PRO unboxing and preview. Load page 1 ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML Digit Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products. 9.9 MEDIA We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. LeEco Le2 X526 (Rose Gold 14,250/- Buy Now Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gol 10,999/- Buy Now Philips AC4025 40 -Watt A 16,500/- Buy Now Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Ro 64,888/- Buy Now
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Snapchat is doing everything it can to avoid the creepy nerdiness of Google Glass Alex Heath Nov. 14, 2016, 3:13 PM 8,705 facebook linkedin twitter email print Spectacles marketing vs. an infamous photo of tech figure Robert Scoble wearing Google Glass in the shower. Snap / Robert Scoble The last thing Snap Inc. wants is for its new Spectacles to become the next Google Glass. Google released Glass in 2013 to much fanfare in the tech industry. Some thought the head-mounted display, which projected information like phone notifications and the weather over a glasses lense, would usher in the future of augmented reality computing. That didn't happen. Google Glass was a complete flop. Those who wore them were called "Glassholes." Google never iterated past a $1,500 developer prototype, and quietly killed the project two years later. Seriously, would you be caught wearing these on a date? Kyle Russell/Business Insider A pair of Spectacles is like the anti-Glass. For starters, there's no fancy augmented reality tech that displays visual information on top of the glasses as you wear them. People close to Snap say that kind of technology is part of the company's future roadmap, but it's a long way off. Instead, Spectacles are ultra-simple and designed to look like a quirky pair of Ray-Bans. They record 10-second clips of video that get sent straight to the Snapchat app. They only cost $130. This simplicity is very much by design, and it's why Snap CEO Evan Spiegel called Spectacles a "toy" when they were first announced.  Snap employees are terrified of Spectacles being perceived in the same kind of creepy, nerdy way that Google Glass was, according to someone familiar with their thinking. It's why that Spectacles light up around the camera while recording — to help people feel like they're not being constantly monitored. And it's why Spectacles are marketed like this: Snapchat And not like this: Glass Collective Snapchat is already beloved by young people. By selling Spectacles through bright yellow vending machines that pop up in one city for 24 hours and then disappear (like messages in the app), Snap is setting itself up its glasses as a cool, exclusive status symbol out of the gate. And by all indications the approach is working. While the glasses have so far only been on sale for in Venice Beach and Big Sur, early reviews are overwhelmingly positive. Pairs of Spectacles are reselling for thousands of dollars on eBay. People are frantically tweeting about where to find the next vending machine pop-up. It's still too early to tell if Spectacles will be a success, but they already have the cool factor that Glass never had. And as long as Robert Scoble doesn't wear them in the shower, they have a shot at staying cool. Chances are slim that I'll get a pair of @Spectacles. Which sucks when I've seen people walking away with multiples :/. pic.twitter.com/OyJl9ZVfFM — David McGreavy (@DominusNoctis) November 10, 2016 SEE ALSO: Everything you need to know about Snapchat's Spectacles glasses, including how to buy them NOW WATCH: A hacker reveals a simple way to come up with a strong password that's easy to remember Loading video... More: SNAP Snapchat Spectacles Google Glass facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Snapchat is doing everything it can to avoid the creepy nerdiness of Google Glass Snapchat is doing everything it can to avoid the creepy nerdiness of Google Glass The last thing Snap Inc. wants is for its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The 10 worst things about Snapchat Spectacles +4,235 Chris Chavez Nov 18th, 2016 Snapchat Spectacles are here and if you’re thinking about buying a pair — whenever they come to your town — we wanted to make sure you know exactly what you’re getting yourself into. Priced at $130, they’re not perfect. Far from it. I’ve spent just a little over a week with them so in an effort to keep you well informed (and vent some of my frustrations), here are the top 10 worst things about Snapchat Spectacles. The insanely frustrating buying process By far the worst — and most frustrating — thing about Snapchat Spectacle’s is how they’re exclusively being sold from Snapchat’s custom vending machines. Dubbed the Snapbot, nobody knows where the vending machines will pop up next, forcing users to tune into Snapchat’s website where they post the location the day of. The problem with this is the vending machines only hold so many units, so they often sell out minutes after they appear on the map. So yeah, you probably wouldn’t even be able to buy a pair if you wanted to. Don’t get me wrong, I get it. The playfulness of the Snapbot and random locations it pops up are generating an insane amount of buzz for something pretty basic: video glasses. Either way, that doesn’t make it any less frustrating. At the very least if Snapchat made these available online — even in extremely limited quantities — it would take some of the sting out of driving hours to buy a pair, only to be told they’re all gone once you arrived. So, where’s the Spectacles Snapbot headed next? Well, that’s anyone’s guess but it appears they could have two machines — one moving around the west coast and another making its way east. Of course, there’s no way to be sure with only a single Snapbot going live each day. For now, you’ll have to keep your browsers locked to Spectacles.com/map to see where they’ll show up next. They don’t take photos Taking photos and sharing with others is one of the fundamental ways Snapchat works. It’s literally what the social network was built upon. So you’d think that, when creating fancy new sunglasses with an integrated camera, snapping photos would have been on the agenda from the start, right? Wrong. Spectacles can’t actually take photos at all, forcing users to shoot short videos clips and video only. It’s actually pretty lame considering how much fun circular videos can be when viewing from inside the app — why not photos? We’ll continue crossing our fingers that a future software update for Spectacles will add this functionality, but we’re not holding our breath. They’re completely useless at night Okay, obviously since Spectacles are sunglasses, it only makes sense that night time shooting would be pretty darn difficult. We’re sure this was done by design, but can’t help but wonder how fun it’d be to shoot some hands-free Snaps in a restaurant or indoors at the next family gathering. Simple solution could have been lenses that get darker when outside, but clear when indoors. That, or perhaps they could create some that work with prescription lenses, just like Google Glass did back in the day. In either case, don’t expect to wear these at night. You’ll look super creepy. They’re kinda silly looking Google Glass’ Titanium “Classic” look was more masculine Maybe ugly isn’t the right word, just… you know… different? I know, Spectacles aren’t meant to be super cool or trendy sunglasses, they’re meant to be something else entirely. Something fun. Like a toy. This makes sense given their playful circular design, but even then they kind of messed that up. Someone on Twitter pointed out a missed opportunity with their design, making a small tweak to the nose bridge to resemble Snapchat’s iconic “ghost” design. Image credit: @jayemsee I’m fine with the design as it stands, but it’s more feminine than anything. The outer edges where the corners curve up look extremely feminine (like cat eyes) and overall, the side is small for larger male heads. It would have been nice to see them also offer a more traditional Ray-Ban-ish style frame. Even Google Glass figured this out with multiple shapes and sizes for both men and women. I know that this is more or less an initial test run for Spectacles, so if they end up catching on with consumers (providing they ever become widely available), new styles could still be in the cards. Video quality sucks Snapchat isn’t exactly known for delivering high-quality HD content, quite the contrary. But even then, it’s 2016 — everything on the planet should be capable of shooting in at least 1080p by now. No exceptions. Spectacles on the other hand shoot circular 720p video, the bare minimum required to qualify for the “HD” title. Even though Snapchat absolutely butchers the video quality when sharing with others, there’s still the option to download these videos to your device. Having them preserved in 1080p full HD would have been nice. Transferring video is slow and buggy The reason for the lower video quality on the Spectacles likely has to do with the fact that they transfer videos to your device over Bluetooth. This isn’t the most efficient way of transferring large amounts of data and as a result, the entire process can be extremely long and drawn out. To get around this, Spectacles will first upload a low quality SD (standard definition) video first, followed by the HD video (720p/60fps) later on which then overwrites it. During this time, your phone has to be unlocked and sometimes you’ll need to make sure the Snapchat app is actually open. Errors and transfers failures are common and typically happen when you turn off your phone’s display before the transfer can finish. Battery life sucks and they’re slow to charge In our testing, we found you can take around 30 Snaps before Spectacles craps out on you. This is equal to about 3 minutes of video and although this sounds pretty terrible, keep in mind that it’s transferring two videos — the SD and HD versions — with every Snap. The battery life wouldn’t be such a big issue if the dang glasses were quicker to charge up. We found it takes a full hour to charge the Spectacles from 0-100% inside their case. With such a tiny battery, you’d think it’d be a lot quicker. Adding insult to injury, you can’t even connect the charging cable to the Spectacles while they’re in use since the connector is behind the hinge. It’s not like we’d be charging while wearing them all the time, but it would be a nice option if we forgot to charge them before heading out. They absolutely murder your smartphone’s battery life The strain that comes from the constant transferring of video not only affects the Spectacles themselves, but greatly impacts your smartphone battery life as well. If you’ve spent any length of time in the Snapchat app, you’ll know that Snapchat alone is already extremely battery intensive. Because you have to open the app to start the transfer process, the combination of HD video transferring to your phone, being uploaded to the cloud — all the while the app keeps your camera open in the background — it’s all incredibly taxing on your phone’s CPU. This only gets worse should you decide to edit your Snaps before sharing them. You can literally count the seconds as your battery percentage drops. Yeah, you’re going to want to keep a charger handy. The case is bulky and oddly shaped To help protect your $130 investment, Snap Inc. included a case that also acts as a charger and it’s easily one of our favorite features about Spectacles. The problem? The thing is freaking huge, far larger than what it needs to be. Because it’s in an oddly shaped triangle, it means you won’t be able to take the case with you unless you have a bag or purse to stash it, even then it’s going to take up a lot of space. The part that gets us is if they simply chose a normal shaped sunglasses case, shaving off two of the corners, it would dramatically cut down on the bulk. This would have made it possible to slip into a coat or back pocket, something that’s impossible in its current state. A tad bit overpriced for what they offer At $130, the Snapchat Spectacles aren’t quite an impulse buy. That kind of pricing places the sunglasses right up there with designer brands like Ray-Ban. Although you’re not getting quite the same quality, an argument can be made that Spectacles do more than your average glasses, but the technology behind it isn’t exactly groundbreaking. It really seems like Snapchat is trying to milk the whole and even $100 sounds much more reasonable. Still early adopters are used to paying a premium when it comes to being the first kid on the block with fancy new gear and Spectacles are no different. Sure, you could technically flip the glasses by selling them on eBay for huge profits, but once availability isn’t quite as elusive, all those eager buyers are sure to fall to the wayside. ****** To wrap things up, we just want to say that just because we don’t feel like there’s nothing to love about Spectacles, quite the contrary. Spectacles are meant to be fun, enjoyed in the sun, and add a little extra utility to the sunglasses you’re already wearing. The fact that you can add a whole new — completely hands-free — perspective to the videos you share online is a huge draw, something social media junkies are sure to appreciate. So far, I’ve been enjoying our time spent with the glasses. Even though I, personally, was never too involved in Snapchat, the simple fact that I can easily share something in the moment with the glasses already on my face, means I’ll likely be using the social network more than ever. If you’ve been looking to dive into the wonderful world of Snapchat, but find it a bit confusing or don’t know where to start, we have a comprehensive guide on all the ins and outs. For more on the glasses themselves, check out our complete guide How to Use Snapchat Spectacles. Getting started and adding friends on Snapchat Using the Snapchat camera, filters, 3D Lenses & Face Swap Every Chat 2.0 feature including, Snapcash, Blocking users, and more Everything to know about My Story, Live Stories, and Discover Using Snapchat Memories to download, delete, & backup your Snaps Complete guide to Snapchat’s Symbol, Emoji, Scores, and Trophy definitions local_offer    snap inc   Snapchat   Snapchat Spectacles   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (7) stars Further Reading Mobile Roar 156: SPectacle How to use Snapchat Spectacles Snapchat Glasses Review [VIDEO] Snapchat Spectacles are now on sale (but only Facebook takes on Snapchat with new disappearing messages stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Elad Blog Friday, November 18, 2016 Facebook Must Really Suck At Machine Learning Facebook recently claimed it is hard[1] to differentiate between fake news[2] and real news. Given how similar fake news detection is to related problems such as search index spam, ads landing page spam, social networking bots, and porn detection this suggests one of two things: (1) Facebook really sucks at machine learning or (2) Facebook does not want to address the problem. Lets look at each of these: 1. Facebook Sucks At Machine Learning? Over the course of my career I worked on, amongst other things, Google mobile products (including mobile search index and looking at items like porting Google News to mobile), Google ads targeting to pages across the web, and Twitter Search (I was Director of Search Product for a time). At both Google and Twitter, the companies had to deal with large number of ambiguous signals including: Ambiguous content on web pages. Google classifies these pages for search results, but also to determine the right set of ads to target to the pages. This included semantic analysis of the pages as well as a look at page "quality" scores. Fake landing pages for ads. Google needs to make sure ads and the web pages the ads pointed too were legitimate. Spam tweets. There were (and are) a lot of bots and spam tweets on Twitter. The service was continuously removing poorly ranked tweets from search results.  In all cases, the important thing to do was to understand the content of a tweet, web page, or other content unit, and then to rank the relative quality and importance of that content. Similar problems also exist in areas like Google web index spam and porn detection. In all cases, there are a lot of shades of grey - i.e. there is a fine line between porn and not-porn, or a spammy tweet and a silly or satiric tweet. Facebook has developed a number of technologies to rank its news feed, to target ads, and to classify its users. However, the claim from Facebook has been that fake news is a complex area, and this complexity makes it difficult to address. Intriguingly, a group of undergrads at Princeton were able to build a quick and dirty fake news classifier during a 36 hour hackathon. It is possible these Princeton students a set of once-in-a-generation geniuses. Or, perhaps, fake news is actually tractable as a problem using existing techniques Facebook already has in house. 2. Facebook Does Not Want To Address The Problem? Facebook's CEO recently posted that 99% of news post on Facebook are not fake (see below for chart of Facebook user engagement with fake versus non-fake news). Facebook has also been under fire by the right for its "liberal bias". This prompted Facebook to hold a meeting with leading conservative members of the GOP to discuss its newsfeed and how to play a non-partisan role in content. Fake news is not a partisan issue. It is about ensuring that people are helped to understand what is real and what are lies. A lack of willingness to tackle the issue of fake news is a willingness to accept a lack of truth in our society at mass scale. Other Companies You Can Work At Instead Of Facebook Great engineers want to work with other great engineers. If Facebook lacks the talent to address the fake news problem, do you really want to join an organization so poor at machine learning? Alternatively, if Facebook simply lacks the will to address this issue, it might be something worth taking into account as well. A number of talented engineers are also immigrants - a group much maligned in fake news posts. If you are a talented machine learning or AI engineer, there are a number of companies you can work at instead of Facebook. Some potential ideas: Google. Lots of amazing Machine learning problems across search, ads, AGI, virtual assistants, etc. Uber. Work on intelligent routing and optimization, self driving cars, and other technologies. Microsoft. Microsoft is working on applying machine learning to health care problems like cancer. Tesla. Self-driving cars. Wish. Large scale commerce platform powered by data analytics and ML. Stripe. Payment fraud and other areas that power our global payments infrastructure. Netflix. Media recommendations. Apple. While less known for machine learning, Apple has been applying it to areas around privacy as well as apps like Siri. Amazon. Amazon has been doing cool things in voice recognition technology with Alexa/Echo. In addition, I would not be surprised if AWS extended its efforts around GPU clusters as well. Dozens of AI startups. There are lots of Deep Learning, AI, and ML companies that have been funded recently. There are lots of cool things for you to work on instead. If you work on machine learning or data science and want to work somewhere other then Facebook - feel free to drop me a line. I am happy to refer you to a few dozen companies as alternatives. Notes [1] Exact quote from Zuckerberg is: "This is an area where I believe we must proceed very carefully though. Identifying the "truth" is complicated. While some hoaxes can be completely debunked, a greater amount of content, including from mainstream sources, often gets the basic idea right but some details wrong or omitted. An even greater volume of stories express an opinion that many will disagree with and flag as incorrect even when factual. I am confident we can find ways for our community to tell us what content is most meaningful, but I believe we must be extremely cautious about becoming arbiters of truth ourselves." This "grey area" argument is made all the time. Yet machine learning classifiers work incredibly well for porn and other areas that have lots of grey. Similarly, getting rid of the 80% easy to spot, most egregious stuff is a good starting point. This argument strikes me as a red herring. [1] "Fake news" is a nice way to say lies and propaganda.  Posted by Elad Gil at 11:32 AM Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Older Post Home Subscribe To Posts Atom Posts Comments Atom Comments Search This Blog About Me Elad Gil San Francisco, CA, United States I am a serial entrepreneur obsessed with technology and startups. My last startup Mixer Labs was acquired by Twitter. I am now working on something new. www.linkedin.com/in/eladgil View my complete profile Blog Archive ▼  2016 (6) ▼  November (1) Facebook Must Really Suck At Machine Learning ►  August (1) ►  July (2) ►  January (2) ►  2015 (5) ►  October (1) ►  May (1) ►  March (1) ►  January (2) ►  2014 (18) ►  December (3) ►  September (1) ►  August (2) ►  July (4) ►  February (3) ►  January (5) ►  2013 (9) ►  November (1) ►  June (2) ►  May (1) ►  April (1) ►  March (1) ►  February (2) ►  January (1) ►  2012 (17) ►  November (2) ►  October (4) ►  September (3) ►  August (1) ►  July (1) ►  April (2) ►  March (1) ►  February (2) ►  January (1) ►  2011 (29) ►  December (2) ►  November (3) ►  September (2) ►  August (3) ►  June (2) ►  May (2) ►  April (2) ►  March (5) ►  February (3) ►  January (5) ►  2010 (33) ►  December (3) ►  November (1) ►  October (6) ►  September (5) ►  August (3) ►  July (4) ►  June (2) ►  May (1) ►  March (2) ►  February (5) ►  January (1) ►  2009 (9) ►  December (1) ►  October (1) ►  August (1) ►  June (3) ►  March (1) ►  January (2) ►  2008 (3) ►  December (1) ►  October (1) ►  June (1) ►  2007 (3) ►  December (1) ►  November (1) ►  August (1) EG Picture Window template. Powered by Blogger.
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Arizona State-Washington scouting report and prediction Arizona State travels to No. 6 Washington, trying to break a four-game losing streak. Post to Facebook Arizona State-Washington scouting report and prediction Arizona State travels to No. 6 Washington, trying to break a four-game losing streak.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2fDFyVe {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Arizona State-Washington scouting report and prediction Doug Haller , azcentral sports 7:33 p.m. MST November 18, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share azcentral sports' Doug Haller and Jeff Metcalfe on ASU's upcoming matchup with Washington. David Wallace/azcentral sports A Washington flag and the team mascot Harry the Husky leads the team on the field against Portland State on Saturday, Sept. 17, 2016, in Seattle. (Photo: AP Photo/John Froschauer) Arizona State travels to No. 6 Washington, trying to break a four-game losing streak. The Sun Devils need one more win to reach bowl eligibility. Let's examine: ASU first and foremost The Sun Devils (5-5 and 2-5 in the Pac-12) have won just once since Sept. 25, losing five of six and four in a row. ASU hasn’t lost five in a row since Dennis Erickson’s final team closed out the 2011 season. ASU at Washington: TV, radio information ASU key player Kalen Ballage. The junior running back has showed off his versatility all season, taking snaps out of ASU's "Sparky" formation. Arizona State running back Kalen Ballage runs for a 52-yard touchdown against Washington State on Saturday, Oct. 22, 2016 in Tempe, Ariz.  (Photo: Rob Schumacher/azcentral sports) Even with ASU's running game bottled up, Ballage has posted back-to-back 100-yard receiving games. ASU key stat 10 - ASU has beaten Washington 10 consecutive times, the Pac-12’s longest active streak among conference teams. The Sun Devils haven't lost in Seattle since 1997. Washington first and foremost The No. 6 Huskies (9-1 and 6-1 in the Pac-12) are coming off last week’s 26-13 home loss to USC, a setback that cost them a top-four sport in the College Football Playoff rankings. Pick Six: This week's Sun Devils podcast Washington still has a chance to make the playoff, but it cannot afford another misstep. Washington key player John Ross. The speedy receiver might be the Pac-12’s best big-play threat, hauling in 52 catches for 896 yards and 15 touchdowns. For an ASU team that struggles with the big play -- especially through the air -- this doesn't bode well. Washington key stat 1.5 – Washington leads the country in turnover margin at 1.5 per game. The Huskies have forced 24 turnovers (second nationally), while giving up nine. ASU on offense The Sun Devils feel better about themselves. Coach Todd Graham said QB Manny Wilkins (ankle/toe/shoulder) practiced more this week than he has in some time. RG Stephon McCray also could play after missing most of the last two games with injury. Bickley: Graham, ASU need a little more time After a fast start, ASU has failed to run the ball throughout most of Pac-12 play, which has forced OC Chip Lindsey to be creative. RB Kalen Ballage (13 TDs) has posted 100-yard receiving games in his last two games. Arizona State Sun Devils fans cheer as Arizona State Sun Devils wide receiver N'Keal Harry (1) scores a touchdown during the first half at Sun Devil Stadium, Nov. 10, 2016.  (Photo: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports) WR N’Keal Harry also has proved to be a versatile weapon. In Pac-12 games, ASU averages 29 points (eighth in the Pac-12) and 4.8 yards per play (last). … Washington gives up 21.3 points in Pac-12 action (third in the conference) and 5.2 yards per play (fourth). Aside from being one of the nation’s best at forcing turnovers, the Huskies averages 2.8 sacks per game, which ranks 24th nationally. They’ve held four of seven Pac-12 opponents under 400 total yards. A blow: Washington has lost two standout players LB Azeem Victor and DE Joe Mathis -- this month to season-ending injuries. Advantage: Washington.   ASU on defense ASU expects to have four-year starter LB Salamo Fiso back after a two-game absence because of injury. That should help with communication issues, which led to two TDs in last week’s loss at Utah. Big plays have killed the Sun Devils all season. They have given up scoring plays of 50-plus yards in every game but one, at Texas-San Antonio. Graham: I'm 100 percent responsible for defensive struggles An emphasis this week: Forcing turnovers. Graham noted more than once that Washington turned the ball over twice in last week’s loss to USC. In 10 games, ASU has forced 14 turnovers (seven fumbles and seven INTs). In Pac-12 games, ASU gives up 40.3 points (ninth in the Pac-12) and 6.9 yards per play (tied for 10th). … Washington QB Jake Browning is in the Heisman Trophy conversation. His 35 TD passes are already a school season record.  He has thrown just five INTs. His main targets: WR John Ross (15 TDs) and Dante Pettis (11). The Huskies run the ball on 58 percent of their total plays, but rushed for only 17 yards in last week’s loss to USC.  RB Myles Gaskin has rushed for 1,003 yards and 8 TDs. Advantage: Washington. Special teams ASU likely will need to come up big here to have a chance, but it won’t be easy. Washington has two of the nation’s most explosive returners. ASU has been slowed in recent weeks because of returner Tim White’s health. White said this week he hasn’t felt 100 percent since the season opener. He’s still dangerous, however, ranking ninth nationally in punt-return yardage (13.67). Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Dan Bickley: Let's not forget, this was never a season of high expectations. But clearly, Todd Graham needs to change some things. Video: azcentral sports Kicker Zane Gonzalez remains on his All-America march, making 22 of 23 FGs, including 16 in a row.  Washington’s Dante Pettis ranks 14th nationally in punt returns (12.5 yards) but has a school record five returns for TDs, including two this season. Throughout his career, John Ross has returned four kickoffs for TDs, including one this year. Cameron Van Winkle has made 10 of 14 FGs. Advantage: Even. Bottom line The Sun Devils are visiting Seattle at a bad time. Expert picks for the ASU-Washington game Not only is Washington coming off its only loss, it remains in the College Football Playoff hunt, which means there’s little chance the Huskies will get caught looking ahead to next week’s Apple Cup. This could get ugly. Prediction Washington 48, ASU 26. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A closer look at Pac-12 football stadiums  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Take a closer look at the football stadiums in the Pac-12.  Christian Petersen/Getty Images Fullscreen ARIZONA WILDCATS. Venue: Arizona Stadium. Location: Tucson, Arizona. Opened: 1929.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Current capacity: 56,037. Largest crowd: 59,920 watched a 56-14 loss to rival ASU on Nov. 23, 1996.  Photo: Casey Sapio/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A view of Arizona Stadium, home of the Arizona Wildcats, in Tucson.  Photo: Casey Sapio/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A 2014 aerial view of Sun Devil Stadium, home of the Sun Devils, at ASU in Tempe.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Sun Devil Stadium's new south endzone student section was unveiled during the 2015 season.  Photo: David Wallace/azcentral sports Fullscreen A view of Sun Devil Stadium's south end zone under construction on May 21, 2015.  Hunt Construction Fullscreen After renovations during 2015, Sun Devil Stadium had a capacity of 64, 248. It will be smaller for the 2016 but the number hasn't been announced as of Feb. 2016.  Photo: Matt Kartozian/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen An aerial view of Cal's Memorial Stadium in Berkeley.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen On Dec. 5, 2013, venue was re-named Kabam Field at California Memorial Stadium. Current capacity: 63,186.  Photo: Stephen Lam/Getty Images Fullscreen The stadium was funded from public contributions as a memorial to Californians who lost their lives in World War I. The stadium was built at a total cost of $1,437,982.  Photo: Stephen Lam/Getty Images Fullscreen Perhaps the most famous play in college football history occurred on Nov. 20, 1982, in a game vs. Stanford as Cal returned a kickoff using five laterals to score a touchdown as the Stanford band was marching out on the field.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Some fans, hoping to watch Cal games for free, gather on the hillside overlooking the eastern side of the stadium, a location known as "Tightwad Hill".  Photo: Kyle Terada/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Colorado Buffaloes. Venue: Folsom Field. Location: Boulder, Colorado. Opened: 1924.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Capacity: 53,613. A crowd of 54,972 watched a 31-28 Buffaloes win over rival Colorado State on Sept. 3, 2005.  Photo: Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The field sits at a 5,440-foot elevation. Folsom Field was originally known as Colorado Stadium until 1944. It was renamed in honor of coach Frederick Folsom.  Photo: Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Oregon Ducks. Venue: Autzen Stadium. Location: Eugene, Oregon. Opened: 1967.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Capacity is listed at 54,000 but crowd sizes routinely surpass that figure.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The stadium got its name from Thomas J. Autzen, who donated $250,000 in the ‘60s. Autzen was an alum of rival Oregon State.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Autzen Stadium served as the Faber College stadium in the 1978 movie "Animal House". The inaugural Pac-12 title game was held in 2011.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Oregon State Beavers play in Reser Stadium in Corvallis, Oregon. It opened in 1953.  Google maps Fullscreen Stadium capacity is 45,674. A crowd of 47,249 watched a 48-24 loss to Oregon on Nov. 24, 2012.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The stadium was originally known as Parker Stadium until June 14, 1999, when Al and Pat Reser of Beaverton, Ore., made a sizable donation.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Stanford Cardinals play in Stanford Stadium, located in Stanford, Calif. It opened in 1921 and was renovated after the 2005 season.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Capacity: 50,000. A crowd of 51,607 fans was on hand for a Cardinal 36-35 victory over USC on Oct. 9, 2010.  Photo: Getty Images Fullscreen Stanford Stadium hosted Herbert Hoover's 1928 presidential nomination acceptance speech, Olympic soccer matches in 1984, Super Bowl XIX in 1985, World Cup soccer matches in 1994 and Women's World Cup soccer matches in 1999.  Ezra Shaw/Getty Images Fullscreen UCLA plays at he Rose Bowl in Pasadena. It opened in 1922. UCLA has played there since 1982.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen The Rose Bowl's capacity is 91,136. The largest crowd was 104,991 for UCLA's 24-14 win over Michigan in the 1983 Rose Bowl.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Rose Bowl was used in the '32 and '84 Olympics as well as the '94 World Cup. The Steelers' Super Bowl XIV win over the Rams in 1980 is the all-time Super Bowl attendance record at 103,985.  Photo: USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen USC plays at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. It opened in 1923.  Google maps Fullscreen Current capacity is 93,607. The largest crowd was 104,953 for a 38-7 loss to Notre Dame back on Dec. 6, 1947.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Coliseum hosted the Summer Olympics in 1932 and 1984.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The largest attendance was for an exhibition baseball game between the Dodgers and the Red Sox in 2008 in front 115,300 fans.  Lisa Blumenfeld/Getty Images Fullscreen The Coliseum hosted the NFL's Rams from 1946-1979, the NFL's Raiders from 1982-1994 and MLB's Dodgers from 1958-1961.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen USC took over operations of the Coliseum in July 2013. Per the agreement, the Coliseum will remain the home of USC football for the next 98 years.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen UTAH UTES. Venue: Rice-Eccles Stadium. Location: Salt Lake City, Utah. Opened: 1998.  Google maps Fullscreen Capacity: 45,017. A crowd of 46,768 watched a 31-24 win Cal on Sept. 11, 2003, a game that featured future first-round NFL quarterbacks: Utah's Alex Smith and Cal's Aaron Rodgers.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Utah previously played in two other stadiums: Ute Stadium (1927-1971) and Rice Stadium (1972-1997). … Rice-Eccles Stadium hosted the Opening and Closing Ceremony of the Salt Lake Olympic Winter Games in '02.  Russ Isabella-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Other than the 2003 game vs. Cal, only three other games have surpassed the 46,000 attendance mark: USC in 2012 (46,037), TCU in 2010 (46,522) and BYU in 2008 (46,488).  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Washington Huskies play at Husky Stadium in Seattle. It opened in 1920.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Current capacity: 70,138. It is believed that the ‘wave' was born at Husky Stadium on Halloween in 1981.  Photo: Getty Images Fullscreen The Huskies beat Willamette 108-0 on Sept. 26, 1925, for the program's largest home victory. … the NFL's Seahawks called Husky Stadium home for two seasons (2000-2001).  Otto Greule Jr./Getty Images Fullscreen In 1968, Husky Stadium became one of the first major venues to use AstroTurf. At the time, the Houston Astrodome and Neyland Stadium at Tennessee were the other major facilities to use it.  Mark J. Rebilas-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Washington State Cougars play in Martin Stadium in Pullman. It opened in 1972.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen With a capacity of 35,117, Martin Stadium is the smallest venue in the Pac-12.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The field goes east-to-west. That's unusual as most football fields run north-to-south. ... on Nov. 15, 1975, the Cougars notched their largest margin of victory, a 84-27 defeat of Idaho.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The stadium is named after Clarence D. Martin, who was governor of the state of Washington (1933–41) and a graduate of rival University of Washington.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 47 2 of 47 3 of 47 4 of 47 5 of 47 6 of 47 7 of 47 8 of 47 9 of 47 10 of 47 11 of 47 12 of 47 13 of 47 14 of 47 15 of 47 16 of 47 17 of 47 18 of 47 19 of 47 20 of 47 21 of 47 22 of 47 23 of 47 24 of 47 25 of 47 26 of 47 27 of 47 28 of 47 29 of 47 30 of 47 31 of 47 32 of 47 33 of 47 34 of 47 35 of 47 36 of 47 37 of 47 38 of 47 39 of 47 40 of 47 41 of 47 42 of 47 43 of 47 44 of 47 45 of 47 46 of 47 47 of 47 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE TOP VIDEOS Andrew Carlsen talks about his TD, INT as Sabino beats Show Low 1:25 Coyotes edge Sharks 3-2 in overtime 0:48 Sarah McLellan's plus-minus against the Sharks 0:38 Paul Coro on a Suns loss at Philadelphia 1:03 Round Valley quarterback Brian Hill on semifinal win 0:24 Suns coach and players on loss to the Sixers 2:00 Goal-line stand to end regulation keys Thatcher 2A semifinal win 0:56 Chandler reacts to semifinal rout over Perry 1:12 Williams Field celebrates their win with a fight song 0:51 Paul Coro on Suns win at Indiana 1:05 Lorenzo's Locks: Week 11 NFL picks 1:59 Punting tips and dance moves with Marquette King 1:00 Somers, McManaman talk Fitz's return to Minnesota 2:58 Cardinals' Harold Goodwin on slow starts and game planning for Vikings 1:25 2017 Porsche Panamera Review: First Impressions 2:03 Game changers emerge in Arizona high school football 1:21 A timeline of Johnny Manziel’s troubled history 2:02 Fans eagerly await return of the NFL to Mexico 1:26 LeBron James donating $2.5M to Muhammad Ali exhibit at Smithsonian 0:30 The Dallas Cowboys aren't just America's team 2:44 Paul Coro on Suns loss at Denver 0:49 Phoenix Suns players on loss at Denver 1:08 Three key NFL story lines to watch in Week 11 2:15 2017 Honda Civic Si Prototype Review: First Impressions 1:52 Carson Palmer talks about the Vikings defensive schemes 1:15 Bruce Arians: 'How we handle the environment will have a lot to do with how we play' 1:19 Flies invade Cardinals practice facility on Wednesday 0:24 Carmelo Anthony at odds with Phil Jackson 2:09 Top five college football games to watch in Week 12 2:21 Strictly Bickley: It's the right call for ASU to stick with Todd Graham 1:32 More Stories ASU football: The Pick Six podcast, Ep. 17 Nov. 15, 2016, 1:29 p.m. Latest Cardinals podcast: The Bird's Eye View Nov. 16, 2016, 4:57 p.m. Download the new azcentral sports app June 2, 2016, 11:37 a.m.
Read today's eNewspaper Z on TV Critic David Zurawik writes about the business and culture of TV Entertainment TV & Media Z on TV Fake news a symptom of sickness in media ecosystem Fake news gained traction during the election According to David Zurawik, one reason we are such a confused and angry nation is that our media ecosystem is in crisis thanks in large part to massive platforms like Facebook and Google distributing anything and everything and hiding behind their almighty, can't-be-questioned algorithms. According to David Zurawik, one reason we are such a confused and angry nation is that our media ecosystem is in crisis thanks in large part to massive platforms like Facebook and Google distributing anything and everything and hiding behind their almighty, can't-be-questioned algorithms. David ZurawikContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun Our information ecosystem is sick. We have more info than ever yet we never been more confused politically. We are living on the edge of — if not already in — an information crisis. And it seems as if we are too addled by all the fake news, misinformation, disinformation, bad reporting and flat-out propaganda at places like Facebook, Twitter, Reddit and Google to even know how far gone we are. Fake news, which gained serious traction during the presidential campaign, is only part of the problem. But it's a big part, and the confusion it can spread was on sorry display in recent months — particularly on social media where more than 62 percent of Americans now go for news and information, according to the Pew Research Center. Did you know that President-elect Donald Trump not only won the most electoral votes, he also beat Hillary Clinton in the popular vote? How about Vice President-elect Mike Pence saying in an interview with Fox News that gay conversion therapy saved his marriage? And what about Pope Francis endorsing Trump? Who would have thought? And why in the world would a New York Times columnist like David Brooks be calling for Trump's assassination? Just to be clear: None of those stories is true. But they all found their way onto social media where millions not only were exposed to them, but also participated in their toxic spread by clicking and sending them on in this fabulous new form of communication that was supposed to make us into one great, enlightened, global community. TV served a higher, ritualistic purpose on this election night David Zurawik There are moments in our national life when media take on a higher role serving a ritualistic function beyond even their journalistic one as we collectively move through an epic passage. Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning that happened with the victory of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton,... There are moments in our national life when media take on a higher role serving a ritualistic function beyond even their journalistic one as we collectively move through an epic passage. Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning that happened with the victory of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton,... (David Zurawik) A BuzzFeed analysis published Wednesday found that fake news was more popular than real news on Facebook down the homestretch of the election. During the last three months of the campaign, the most popular fake election stories on Facebook generated more engagement than the top stories from such legitimate news websites as those of The New York Times, The Washington Post, NBC News and others. There was also a bias in the range of stories, according to the analysis. "Of the 20 top-performing false election stories … all but three were overtly pro-Donald Trump or anti-Hillary Clinton," Craig Silverman, founding editor of BuzzFeed Canada, wrote. "Two of the biggest false hits were a story claiming Clinton sold weapons to ISIS and a hoax claiming the pope endorsed Trump." Memo to cable TV: Stop the angry talk The peaceful transition of power is threatened by this kind of rhetoric from politicos on cable TV. The peaceful transition of power is threatened by this kind of rhetoric from politicos on cable TV. See more videos Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg initially called the charge that fake news on his platform affected the election "a pretty crazy idea." And even in the face of mounting criticism and reports of a group of Facebook employees questioning the role fake news on the site played in the election, he has mainly stuck to his guns. "Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99% of what people see is authentic," he wrote on his page last weekend. "Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes. The hoaxes that do exist are not limited to one partisan view, or even to politics. Overall, this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the other." On Monday, Facebook did update the language of its policy statement to stress that it will not share revenue with sites that traffic in fake news, but that's not much more than window dressing at this point. The site already had a similar policy in place. Antonio Garcia Martinez, a former product manager for ad targeting at Facebook, called Zuckerberg's response hypocritical. "Here's the real hypocrisy of it," he told show host Chris Hayes on MSNBC Tuesday night. "Facebook has hundreds of sales people with a huge office in Washington, D.C. And they literally go and tell political advertisers, 'Look, Facebook is the most influential platform in the world. We will win you an election." And then, Zuck turns around and says, 'No, there's no possibly way that Facebook can influence the election.' It's really disingenuous of him to sort of claim this and I think on the face of it, really false." Zuckerberg has consistently shown a lack of interest in the crucial public service role media play in a democracy. And now he is running a media platform that more people engage with for political news than they do The New York Times or NBC. That is a chilling thought. It should also be a wake-up call that we reached a tipping point during this election in the declining influence of legacy era gatekeepers vs. the ever-expanding power of click-driving, social-media entrepreneurs like Zuckerberg. Nor is the problem limited to Facebook. Last Sunday, Dan Abrams reported on Mediaite that when he Google-searched "Final Vote Count 2016," the top result was a link to a website titled 70news. The story there said that Trump not only won the electoral college vote, he also beat Clinton in the popular vote. "The goal of search is to provide the most relevant and useful results for our users," Andrea Faville, a spokeswoman for Google, said in a statement Monday. "In this case, we clearly didn't get it right, but we are always working to improve our algorithms." There it is: The almighty algorithm, the secret sauce that can't possibly be shared, once again being used to silence critics. "For years, companies like Google and Facebook have hidden behind the argument of, 'We just use math. We don't have the position of the editorship function. We don't decide what we show you. It's just math. We optimize for engagement. We show you stuff that we know you're going to comment and like on, and that's it,'" Martinez said. "And I think when the stakes become American democracy, that excuse just isn't good enough." For all the sins of the culture that controlled legacy media before the Internet blew it up, gatekeepers in that world were acculturated to a sense of social responsibility, verification of information and fairness of presentation. Those values have been largely lost even by some of the biggest legacy operations as we moved deeper into the digital frontier. Why don't media critics and Facebook users demand the same standards of accuracy they do for The New York Times or Washington Post — especially now that we know how crucial a role social media play in the conversation of democracy? And why doesn't an entrepreneur like Zuckerberg take some of the money his wildly successful platform makes and hire journalists who embody the highest standards of the profession to be part of the management team making editorial decisions? As dangerous as it is to get the government involved in such media matters, a few high-level hearings on the role Facebook and other sites played in this year's election wouldn't hurt — especially with some angry Democrats asking questions. As often as I've complained about President Barack Obama playing media critic, I was happy to hear him slam fake news and social media during a press conference Thursday in Berlin. The good news: Fake news and the role it plays in the nation's political life will be getting more serious scrutiny in coming months. "I don't want to say it came out of nowhere, but the fake news meme or phenomenon was not an issue we were thinking of so prominently even a few months ago," Aaron Smith, associate director of research for the Pew Research Center, said. "It's now on the radar. … And it's not just us. There are a lot of researchers out there who are going to be trying to figure out how to map and evaluate the impact of this kind of information." The bad news: Our media malaise runs much deeper than Facebook or even fake news. Our information ecosystem is very sick. We have more information and media technology than ever. Yet we have never been more confused politically as a nation. And we now have a president-elect with 25 million social media followers who often retweets and posts without any nod toward verification. "I'm an old-school journalist trained by the last of the old guard," said Brooke Binkowski, managing editor of the booming website Snopes.com, which exposes fake news stories. "And one of the concerns I have is that people are going to say, 'Oh, it's all Facebook's fault. Once we get Facebook to clamp down on fake news, everything's going to be good.'" But there's a much larger issue that's not being addressed, Binkowski said. Fake news wouldn't be thriving if citizens had sources of information they could trust. "The larger issue is that the public has lost faith in the press," she said. "And there are some good reasons for that with all that's happened to newsrooms in the wake of layoffs, downsizing and all the rest. A free press with the resources it needs is essential to a healthy democracy. You have to have reliable information. If voters don't have good information, you don't have a good democracy." david.zurawik@baltsun.com twitter.com/davidzurawik Copyright © 2016, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Elections Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Twitter, Inc. Use of partisan political operatives tarnishes early TV election coverage A plea to cable TV bosses: Turn down the angry political talk now Biggest loser of 2016 presidential election? The media Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 45°
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android News Android device updates: Google's Pixel and Pixel XL get Bluetooth fixes and other improvements T-Mobile's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge get the latest security patches while the Blu R1 HD adds T-Mobile band 12 and voice over LTE. By Derek Walter | Follow Greenbot | Nov 18, 2016 10:29 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Jason Cross More like this Android device updates: AT&T Wi-Fi calling comes to Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android device updates: T-Mobile versions of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge get... Android device updates: Nougat factory images are ready, LG V10 gets AT&T... Video Google Daydream View unboxing: A first look at Google's VR headset One of the many advantages of the Pixel is the direct line to Google for software updates. The phone got its first major set of new software recently, bringing forth some bug fixes and support for Google’s Daydream VR initiative. Each week, we round up all the major software updates to hit the Android ecosystem, including phones and tablets on U.S. carriers, unlocked phones, smartwatches, and Android TV devices. Making sure your device is running the latest available software is a good housekeeping practice, ensuring you have the latest features with fewer bugs and security holes. Google Pixel XL: An update is available for both Verizon’s Pixel and the unlocked version purchased directly from Google. Build NDE63X is for the Verizon model, and it improves message reliability when connected to your car’s Bluetooth, brings support for Daydream View, and adds New Mexico to the list of states when performing Wi-Fi calling setup. Google build NDE63V is rolling out for the unlocked model. It’s a pretty hefty update at just over 800MB, so expect to see a similar set of improvements.  Pixel: Verizon build NDE63X will bring the Bluetooth improvements, Daydream support, and other fixes that are also heading out to the Pixel XL. Google build NDE63X is what you’ll see on the unlocked version, which should be available in an over-the-air update. T-Mobile Galaxy S7: A T-Mobile update is available which brings the October and November security patches. Additionally, you’ll see a fix for random crashes, freezes, and improvements to domestic data roaming. Galaxy S7 Edge: The same set of improvements are also available in this T-Mobile update: security patches, fixes for crashing and freezing, and more reliable domestic data roaming. Blu R1 HD: This phone got attention for all the wrong reasons this week, as it was revealed that secret software was sending data overseas. The company behind it, Adups, has since issued an apology and said any data has been deleted. There’s at least some good news today for those with this phone, as an update brings support for T-Mobile’s LTE band 12 and Voice over LTE integration. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Google Pixel Verizon OnePlus Android Nougat Derek Walter is a freelance technology writer based in Northern California. He is the author of Learning MIT App Inventor, a hands-on guide to building your own Android apps. Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular on Greenbot 15 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 These tips will quickly have you using LG's new flagship phone like a pro. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks A list of all the Google Now voice commands Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) Go from newbie to expert in 10 minutes with this collection of tips. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android With a ton in the Google Play Store, here are some of the best backup and utility apps around. More from... Featured Stories Chromecast Ultra review: 4K HDR streaming with no frills Google's Chromecast Ultra quadruples the pixels for double the money, but it lacks the bells and... The best cases for the Galaxy S7 Edge Give your curvy smartphone the right amount of protection and style that it deserves. The best cases for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL Google has built one of the best, and most expensive, phones ever. Better slap some protection on it. ... 8 things Google Assistant does on Pixel that it can't do in Allo All Google Assistants are not created equal. Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2016 IDG Consumer & SMB. All rights reserved. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 18 GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 Google Play Store prematurely rolling out 4K UHD movies starting at $24.99 Abner Li - 2 days ago @technacity Apps & Updates Google Play Store 4k View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit With Google already selling its first 4K streaming device with the Chromecast Ultra, UHD content is starting to makes its way into the Play Store. The rollout is happening a bit prematurely, but it appears that 4K movies will start at $24.99… At the moment, users can buy 1997’s The Fifth Element in UHD for $24.99, with Google citing the Chromecast Ultra and 4K Android TVs as supported devices. For comparison, the HD version of this movie is $12.99 and SD $9.99. The option to rent the higher quality version is also available for $7.99. Interestingly, this 4K version is only accessible from the Play Store app and not the web. Other users are already beginning to see a square 4K icon appear on the Play Store listing of some movies, including Star Trek, Star Trek Beyond, Zoolander, and This Is The End. Speaking with Google Play support, the early rollout appears to be a mistake. Some movies that list the icon do not have the option to purchase the movie, while other films already allow you to purchase the higher-res version but lack the badge. With the Play Store getting ready for release and the Chromecast Ultra already available, an official launch is likely not too far out. Guides Google Play Store View THe Guide 4k View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel

null
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote Ask MetaFilter querying the hive mind Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random How to Access Google Photos on Windows 10 File Explorer? November 18, 2016 10:58 AM   Subscribe I want to be able to access Google Photos on Drive as a local folder, but I don't want to download / sync my photos on my new Windows computer. Any ideas how to do this? I just purchased a new Windows computer after using Chrome OS for several years. I can't figure out how to easily access cloud storage from Windows' file explorer and the Drive application. For example, as a typical use case, I'd like to add a photo to Facebook from Google Photos. On Chrome OS, I can easily navigate to Google Photos. On Windows, while I have installed Drive, I can't, using Windows File Explorer, navigate to Google Photos from Drive. One reason is because I have *disabled* sync in Drive on Windows except for one small folder. I don't want to download all of my Google Drive files, including Google Photos, onto this machine. Is there any way, using the Drive app for Windows, to be able to "see" Google Photos from File Explorer? I also have OneDrive installed, and can access my Photo Roll, but most of my photos are in Google Photos. Thanks! posted by My Dad to Computers & Internet (5 answers total) 1 user marked this as a favorite   There's a third party site that gives you WebDAV access, which would allow you to use File Explorer. However, you're giving an unknown third party access to your Google Account, which seems like a really bad idea. I think Google's solution here is sync. You can selectively sync folders. posted by cnc at 11:53 AM on November 18 You can selectively sync folders. Is there any select Google Photos and *not* download all of my Google Photos? Similar to IMAP on email? Otherwise I will probably just use Photo Roll in One Drive. posted by My Dad at 12:16 PM on November 18 You know, I don't use the app, so I'm not sure. I read that it syncs specific folders, so maybe experiment with adding Albums to Google Photos and see if you can sync specific Albums? That way you can keep a subset and not all of them. posted by cnc at 7:17 PM on November 18 Google Photos seems to organize folders according to month and year. Creating a folder in Google Photos seems to just tag the photos; no actual folder that Windows can recognize is created. posted by My Dad at 8:16 PM on November 18 There's a "Client for Google Photos" app in the windows store. I've linked the free version, but there is a paid one as well. I have not used it, cannot vouch for it, but it seems to do what you want. If you do choose to go that route, I'd be interested to know if it works or not. posted by bonehead at 9:49 PM on November 18 [1 favorite] « Older Book recommendations for my 9-year-old daughter   |   Why are my emotions so strong? Newer » You are not logged in, either login or create an account to post comments Related Questions Same Backup/External Drive for A Mac and A PC? March 16, 2015 How to erase a computer hard drive and installing... September 29, 2014 Help me find a good exteranl hard drive December 6, 2013 I can SEE that this is a burned disk. February 13, 2013 What's a good, preferably free, diagnostics... March 31, 2009 Tags Google Windows Drive Share Twitter Facebook About Ask MetaFilter Ask MetaFilter is a question and answer site that covers nearly any question on earth, where members help each other solve problems. Ask MetaFilter is where thousands of life's little questions are answered. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,225 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2016 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Google Pixel schemers get the horns after money-making scheme revealed By Todd Haselton | November 18, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Yikes, don’t mess around with Google, folks. Long story short: Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL buyers who were trying to save some dough by avoiding taxes ended up getting the horns for messing with Google. A site named Dan’s Deals first revealed news of folks who were buying the Google Pixel and Google Pixel with Project Fi and making a small profit by having them shipped to New Hampshire to a reseller. It seems folks who actually wanted the Pixel phones could at least save through this method by avoiding the sales tax. Ars Technica said that Google found out about the scheme, probably because some dude in New Hampshire was getting thousands of Pixels delivered to a reseller located in the state, and started to ban people from Google, shutting down every single part of their Google accounts. Given how much most of us rely on Google these days, that’s a pretty big punishment. I mean, no access to Google Wave? The horror! (I kid, that product was killed.) Don’t mess with Google “We identified a scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a reseller, who then marked-up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers,” Google told Ars Technica. “We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project Fi or the Google Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this scheme, but since some customers were not aware of these Terms of Sale and are now locked out of many Google services they rely on, we’re restoring access to these customers’ accounts.” Lesson learned: don’t mess with Google. Source Ars Technica, Dan's Deals Topics #Google #Google #pixel #Pixel XL Products Mentioned Google Pixel XL Google Pixel Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
clock menu more-arrow Daydream Nation How Google made its View VR headset a reality by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Nov 18, 2016, 1:47pm EST Photos by Vjeran Pavic share tweet Linkedin It’s a couple of weeks before the Daydream View headset launches, and at Google’s Mountain View headquarters, the team has filled a room with pieces of its past. The tables are littered with fabric swatches, molded foam shells, and things that look like clunky black carnival masks — actually, early 3D-printed mockups of the View’s face section. Someone has dumped out a boxful of little plastic discs in varying shapes and sizes, marked with curt admonitions: edge too sharp on one, buttons don’t make sense on another. I’ve seen dozens of VR prototypes from various companies, research facilities, and private tinkerers in the past few years. Overwhelmingly, they’re technological proofs of concept. When Valve created a mini-museum commemorating the development of its Vive headset, for instance, it was essentially a timeline of different motion tracking systems. But Daydream is different. Its basic premise isn’t far from the basic Cardboard platform that Google launched in 2014, albeit with a major performance boost and a new controller. Instead of the next big tech advance, the Daydream View team has spent the last year and a half poring over ways to bring a futuristic technology down to earth. Virtual reality has always been tinged with science fiction. In some ways, this is a good thing — images of the Matrix and the Holodeck have consistently fueled interest in the technology, even when it was primitive and largely inaccessible. But it’s also a sign that real, everyday VR doesn’t yet fit into most people’s lives. Headsets are great at trade shows, but not the comfort of our homes. Google’s answer to this has been the Daydream View, potentially the first of several Daydream headsets. Google VR lead Clay Bavor describes Daydream as a "fanciful" platform, and the View is supposed to embody one manifestation of that: a super-soft device based on the world of clothing, not consumer electronics. But while Google is in the middle of a huge push to make its own hardware, this is still largely uncharted territory — for it or almost anyone else. The Daydream View was conceived in mid-2015, about a year after Google publicly got into the virtual reality game. Its Google Cardboard experiment had stripped VR down to its most basic elements: a mobile phone, a pair of magnifying lenses, and a cardboard case that held the two together. Cardboard helped kickstart a boom in mobile VR, but it had inherent limitations. Users had to physically hold the headsets up to their faces, and interaction was limited to head pointing and a single control button. But outside Google, the only other options at that point were relatively clunky, expensive, and — in most cases — still awaiting a consumer launch. "We had just come off from a lot of success in Google Cardboard, which is a very simple device, and kind of seen what was coming out in the industry, but nothing had really taken flight yet," says Andrew Nartker, product manager for Daydream and Google VR. "Two things that people weren’t really, we think, doing justice to — or solving in a way that could scale to everybody — were comfort and interaction." The core "tech" of Daydream View is just a double funnel and some lenses Google Google’s starting point for the View was a stripped-down frame that made even Cardboard seem baroque, however. It looks like a double funnel made of cheap yellowish-white plastic, and it’s essentially the primordial VR headset: just add lenses to one side and clip a phone to the other. The View incorporates features like an NFC chip that sends the phone into VR mode, but this shape is the core headset "technology" — the bit designed to actually get people into VR. As the room full of prototypes suggests, making that process pleasant was the hard part. When the Google Pixel, the first Daydream phone, came out, reviewers dinged its bland design. But when the Daydream team talks about the View, "generic" doesn’t seem like it would be an insult. Every part of the headset is loosely cribbed from familiar soft goods: ski goggles, shoes, T-shirts, jackets, and even things like tents and kites. "At least today, there aren’t all that many VR headsets out in the world," says Bavor. "We have borrowed from things that people already wear." For all that, there’s no piece of clothing with the exact requirements of a virtual reality headset. Headsets are heavier than just about any pair of sporting goggles, particularly with the big-screen phones that work best in mobile VR. Fit and balance are an ongoing problem, especially for people with glasses — a population that includes Bavor himself. At the same time, Google didn’t want to overwhelm people with adjustments and fitting options, including ubiquitous over-the-head strap. "It’s intimidating to a lot of new users," says Nartker. "There’s not a lot of products that exist in the market today that have a mohawk top strap." In fact, getting rid of it was a core goal. Solid colors and mesh lost out to heathered tones As reviews like mine noted, the single band is one of the most difficult View elements to get used to. But it could have been much worse — and much heavier. Ironically, the seemingly bare-bones double funnel used too much plastic, so it was replaced by an even more skeletal frame. 3D-printed masks tested the distribution of pressure over the face, aiming to spread it evenly across wearers’ foreheads and cheekbones. Extra space around the eyes was added, in order to better accommodate glasses. Then the masks were reproduced in a lighter combination of foam and fabric, which shipped with the final View. The band was angled precisely in order to distribute the weight best; in different prototypes, you can spot the way it’s been tilted it up and down by a few degrees. "Things we thought were cooler, better, more interesting, actually weren’t." Physical comfort, in the form of weight and fit, wasn’t the only concern. People needed to be able to look at the device and immediately know what to do with it, especially if they were new to VR. Unexpected flourishes — even elegant ones — had to be pared down. Take, for example, the Daydream View fastener, which holds the phone into the headset. As it stands, the View uses an elastic loop on the front panel, which stretches across a hook on the top. But the team also tested snaps and zippers, as well as a magnet design that would have created a seamless seal. "We love magnets at Google. Magnets were exciting," Nartker recalls fondly. Without an obvious fastener like the elastic tab, though, people didn’t understand how the phone was supposed to fit. "A bunch of user tests showed us that the other things we thought were cooler, better, more interesting, actually weren’t." Clothing manufacturing was also unfamiliar to Google, and it came with its own challenges. In an average piece of clothing, "if the stitch is a few millimeters off but it’s a straight line, it’s fine," says Daydream View product manager Sandeep Waraich. "In consumer electronics, every millimeter counts." Among other things, Google worked with manufacturers on a laser leveling system that would make lining up the grain of the fabric easier. But the difficulty of working with cloth is one reason that you can only buy the View in three different tones of the same heathered texture, not a plethora of different patterns. Like a lot of Google’s prototype elements, looking at early color swatches inspires a twinge of wistfulness. It makes sense that the company abandoned less flexible materials like suede, and nixed a brightly colored mesh that failed to block out light. Solid-colored cloth apparently just looked like plastic from a distance, which undercut the aesthetic of the View. The overwhelming impression, though, is that the View could have looked so much weirder. Google took its best shot at the all-purpose hoodie of VR, but hiding behind the scenes, the motorcycle jacket and retro minidress of VR are there as well. The world just isn’t ready for them… at least not yet. Google VP of virtual reality Clay Bavor. Bavor mentions more colors as a possibility in upcoming years — I put in my own suggestion for a FiestaWare-tinged bright avocado green. But the alternate controllers Google considered are less likely to see the light of day. Developed in tandem with the headset, the earliest controller concepts look like an almost random assortment of oversized worry stones, board game tokens, and cheap cooking accessories. One is a long, flat wand, another a tiny square with a thumbprint depression. One reminds me of a makeup compact, or the deliberately surreal seashell e-reader from It Follows. They’re all exaggerated and futuristic in a way that the final controller, a straightforward Twinkie-shaped remote, isn’t. They also feel a little bit ridiculous. "Orientation tough," drily notes a critique written on several amorphous oblong shapes. Another looks like a luggage tag, with a neat hole punched in one corner; I fumble around for a few seconds, but I’m not even sure what to do with it. All of them might have reinforced the idea that VR hardware was for techies cosplaying sci-fi characters, not everyday use. There’s a reason the seashell reader wasn’t real, and there’s a reason these aren’t, either. "People love trackpads because it signals to them, it’s kind of like my phone." The Daydream team quickly decided on a solid remote shaped differently on each end, so people could easily point it the right direction. The top became a trackpad, similar to the Gear VR’s onboard controller. "People love trackpads because it signals to them, it’s kind of like my phone — versus, like, a joystick or a D-pad," says Nartker. It was slender at first, but user feedback led the team to a heftier, rounder body. "We thought we wanted a flatter, thinner design just because it’s aesthetically pleasing. But it turns out that your palm needs something to cup and hold." Unlike the rest of Daydream, where ergonomics were a thornier problem than tech, the controller also needed some serious engineering. It was based loosely on gyroscopic TV remotes, which allow for a similar pointing mechanic. But if people were using it for long periods of heavy interaction — and, after all, it aspires to be the "mouse of VR" — it needed to be more precise and less prone to drift. The remote’s guts were tested in a black brick that Nartker calls the "garage door opener," and an external case provided the near-final remote with true positional tracking, like that of the Rift or Vive. This meant that while Google was simulating full motion controls, it had a real-world standard to compare them to. The ultimate dream is that final Daydream systems will incorporate this motion tracking, ideally through cameras mounted in the phone or headset. But according to Nartker, we’re not there yet — even with inside-out tracking prototypes like Oculus’ Santa Cruz headset. "Just getting your headset tracked in space is a pretty challenging problem that nobody’s really cracked yet in the industry, let alone getting a controller to track itself in space," he says. A number of companies, including Oculus, Microsoft, and Qualcomm, have offered their take on inside-out tracking. But they don’t include advanced interactive options yet, and existing headset-mounted trackers like Leap Motion are still solving problems like reliability and range. The View isn’t the limit of Google’s ambitions, even for Daydream. Google is rumored to be working on projects like eye tracking, and Bavor confirms that the Daydream name could hypothetically apply not just to mobile headsets, but all-in-one devices. Whatever the future holds, though, its first product could outlast an average piece of electronics. "Most of the heavy lifting is done by the phone," says Bavor. "So it’s more about ‘What is the phone upgrade cycle?’ than ‘What is the headset upgrade cycle?’" And even years from now, the View’s simplicity is supposedly here to stay. "The more active elements you add to the headset, the more complex it becomes in terms of cost and manufacturability, but also most importantly setup. You imagine plugging lots of little things in and connecting things and so on," he says, disapproving. "We want it to be simple, we want it to be frictionless to get in and out of VR. And the simple, largely passive headset design really helps with that." If I could only get it in green. Circuit Breaker This smart device sniffed my morning breath to check for gum disease Circuit Breaker These are some fancy iPhone corner protectors Circuit Breaker Get the Google Home speaker for $99 at Best Buy on Black Friday View all stories in Circuit Breaker Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Donald Trump's mock assassination draws ire at Texas high school Wet weather to continue through Thanksgiving George Takei speaks out on Trump, internment terror South Korean prosecutors say leader conspired with her friend Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors The next Big Game thing? Stanford, Cal e-sports teams compete at Cal’s Webb sums it up: ‘It sucks losing to your rival’ Durant goes down, but gets back up Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Dolby opens private cinema test lab on Market Street Trump win could spell the end of FCC net neutrality regulations Fired Wyndham time-share-fraud whistle-blower gets $20 million Pro-Trump bots overwhelmed pro-Clinton messages, researchers say Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Solange, ‘A Seat at the Table’ review The latest from Dear Abby Classical music for the holiday season With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sabra recalls hummus over listeria fears Bar Agricole’s Melissa Reitz out as executive chef, Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Ice, Ice Baby: Where to get your skate on How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Madeline Hotel and Residences, Telluride Gear Review: Eagle Creek International Carry-On Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Artistic flair radiates through remodeled condo in Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1957 Ford Thunderbird Are smaller, basic trucks even made anymore? An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Get another perspective of the salary issue Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/paramount-megan-colligan-marketing-hires/ Paramount Names 6 Executives to Fill Out Marketing Team Worldwide President of Marketing and Distribution Megan Colligan will oversee the new hires Matt Pressberg, provided by Published 10:22 am, Friday, November 18, 2016 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Paramount Names 6 Executives to Fill Out Marketing Team 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Paramount Pictures President of Marketing and Distribution Megan Colligan has brought on six new marketing executives, the studio announced in a statement Friday. Mo Rhim, Paramount’s new senior vice president in charge of international digital marketing, will oversee the studio’s international digital campaign strategy. She is a longtime Google executive who was previously head of industry, media and entertainment for Google’s DoubleClick division where she was in charge of its entertainment business relationships, working with companies including Time Warner and Netflix. Kath Skerry has been named vice president of digital marketing. Her most recent position was leading OMD Entertainment’s digital efforts for Walt Disney Studios, including its Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm imprints. Also Read: Watch 'Ghost in the Shell' First Action-Packed Trailer With Scarlett Johansson(Video) Vivianne Waisman, previously at Sony Pictures, joins Paramount as vice president of licensing, where she will concentrate on domestic licensing, retail relationships and e-commerce. At Sony, she was executive director of U.S. retail strategy and development. Prior to that, worked at toy giant Mattel. Natalie Bowman joins Paramount as director of creative advertising. She previously worked at 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. Brandon Nichols, previously at Broad Green Media, has been named as director of digital Marketing. Former Warner Bros.’ exec Nav Kaur has been hired as Paramount’s director of marketing partnerships. var googletag = googletag || {}; googletag.cmd = googletag.cmd || []; googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot('/30981161/TheWrapRemnantOOP', 'div-gpt-ad-1470167200293-0').addService(googletag.pubads()); googletag.pubads().enableSingleRequest(); googletag.enableServices(); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1470167200293-0'); }); Also Read: Rob Moore to Exit as Paramount Pictures Vice Chairman “We are excited to welcome aboard this diverse group of marketing executives with proven track records across digital, creative, partnerships and licensing; sectors in which we have identified as the biggest growth opportunities and ones that will have the greatest impact on audiences,” Colligan said in the statement. “With their combined expertise including Google products, Pixar and Marvel projects, as well as other studios and entertainment brands such as Mattel, they will all contribute to our existing stellar marketing team.” Read original story Paramount Names 6 Executives to Fill Out Marketing Team At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WEEKEND WEATHER Wet weather to continue through Thanksgiving Check the latest radar and forecast Latest News SNL mocks in-over-his-head Donald Trump Popular hummus brand recalled over listeria fears SF scrambles to protect sanctuary city status 115 dead as train derails in India; some still trapped Major injuries reported in 4-car crash at Berkeley curve Santa Cruz County deputy shoots, kills man Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Spike in hate puts Bay Area Muslim students on guard Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Gold Star dad Khizr Khan rips Trump: 'This isn’t your America' Beastie Boys' memorial park defaced with pro-Trump graffiti SF leaders on hate crimes: ‘The fear in the community is... A look inside Amazon before Black Friday An unlikely store is expected to crush Black Friday For 2nd day, Trump demands apology from 'Hamilton' Trump mock assassination draws ire at high school ‘Unprecedented’: More than 100 million trees dead Wet, windy weather to continue over holiday week Today's Gate Features Abandoned Coca-Cola mansion could become a boutique hotel The 49ers' most disappointing players of 2016 Bo Derek celebrates her 60th birthday, still looks stunning SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored How to add 200GB of storage to your Macbook, minus the bulk These smartphone-controlled lightbulbs change colors with a... Most Popular 1 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 2 ‘SNL': Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump is in way over his head 3 Sabra recalls hummus over listeria fears 4 Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight 5 Cute 'polar bear petting dog' video questioned after dog eaten 6 An unlikely type of store is expected to defy the curse... 7 Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended 8 Minerva's Sunday Horoscope: 11/16/16 9 Update: Major Injuries Reported In Four-Car Crash At Berkeley... 10 ‘Unprecedented’: More than 100 million trees dead in... Latest News SNL mocks in-over-his-head Donald Trump Popular hummus brand recalled over listeria fears SF scrambles to protect sanctuary city status 115 dead as train derails in India; some still trapped Major injuries reported in 4-car crash at Berkeley curve Santa Cruz County deputy shoots, kills man Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Spike in hate puts Bay Area Muslim students on guard Movies you didn't know were filmed in San Francisco View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Robotics Want to Understand AI? Try Sketching a Duck for a Neural Network Google’s kooky AI experiments offer a glimpse of how the technology actually works, which may prove increasingly important. by Will Knight November 18, 2016 Google has released a handful of AI experiments that tap into advances in machine learning in creative ways. They include Quick, Draw!, a game in which an algorithm tries to guess what you’re sketching, A.I. Duet, which lets you compose pieces of music with a creative computer, and ways to visualize how neural networks represent information and see the world. The projects show off some new AI features Google has built into an overhauled cloud computing platform. But they also help make AI less mysterious, and hint at ways in which the technology may become more accessible to all of us. Take Quick, Draw!, for example. You have 20 seconds to draw six simple objects, and a computer tries to guess what you’re working on in the allotted time. Under the hood, the game runs a learning system that Google uses for character recognition. The system analyzes not only the shape, but also the strokes you used to draw it. It’s a neat way to understand a machine-learning approach that’s used by millions on their smartphones. It’s also quite addictive, even if it always seems to mistake my ducks for potatoes. The AI behind Quick, Draw! doesn't always see things your way. In in A.I. Duets, you get to make music with an algorithm. Through an effort called Project Magenta, Google researchers are exploring ways of using neural networks to mimic human creativity. The results are fascinating, especially because how musical creativity works remains rather mysterious. Part of the motivation for Google's project, indeed, is exploring human intelligence by copying its musicality. Among the projects aimed at elucidating the inner workings of neural networks is one called Visualizing High Dimensional Space. Created by several experts in data visualization, this effort shows how a large neural network stores and draws connections between different pieces of data. The results are often beautiful, but they also highlight one way that we might be able to understand powerful machine-learning systems that would normally be inscrutable. This could be pretty important for everyone. Imagine, for example, an algorithm that just flagged an apparently healthy patient as likely to develop a particular disease. The ability to inspect a network's inner connections could make that decision less difficult to understand, and make treatment easier to justify. So if you want to understand the revolution in machine intelligence that’s upending just about every industry, Google's online AI laboratory is well worth a visit. (Read more: A.I. Experiments, Silicon Angle, "OK, Computer, Write Me A Song,” "The Hit Charade,” "AI's Language Problem”) Learn more about artificial intelligence at EmTech Digital 2017. Register now From Our Advertisers Sponsored by Google for Work Survey: Machine Learning Trends, Challenges, and Opportunities In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged artificial intelligence, Alphabet, Google, neural networks Credit Image courtesy of Google Will Knight Senior Editor, AI I am the senior editor for AI at MIT Technology Review. I mainly cover machine intelligence, robots, and automation, but I’m interested in most aspects of computing. I grew up in south London, and I wrote my first line of code (a spell-binding… More infinite loop) on a mighty Sinclair ZX Spectrum. Before joining this publication, I worked as the online editor at New Scientist magazine. If you’d like to get in touch, please send an e-mail to will.knight@technologyreview.com. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Robotics Smart machines are beginning to speak to us and act on their own. Fighting Fires from the Sky, No Pilot Necessary Lockheed Martin is using a fleet of drones and automated helicopters to extinguish flames and rescue people. by Jamie Condliffe How to Hold Algorithms Accountable Algorithmic systems have a way of making mistakes or leading to undesired consequences. Here are five principles to help technologists deal with that. by Nicholas Diakopoulos and Sorelle Friedler A Modular Exoskeleton Will Make More Workers Bionic Even human workers are becoming more robotic, thanks to cheaper, lighter exoskeletons. by Will Knight More from Robotics The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
null
null
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE AdWords Price Extensions spotted on desktop Google is testing the mobile-first extension on desktop search results. Ginny Marvin on November 18, 2016 at 12:03 pm More Google officially launched price extensions for mobile text ads out of beta in July. Not surprisingly, they now appear to be extending to desktop. Initially, price extensions debuted in a list on mobile, as shown in the example from Google below.  As of last week, that format has switched over to a swipeable card format in which price extensions appear in a horizontal strip as shown below. The horizontal layout is what has been spotted on desktop by Conrad O’Connell of Serptests.com in ads for Airbnb, an early beta tester of price extensions on mobile. Advertisers can use the extensions to call out product or service offerings and starting prices by brands, events, locations, neighborhoods, product categories, product tiers, services, service categories or service tiers I have not seen any price extensions on desktop yet, but keep an eye out for them. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Articles Thirteen things marketers want to know about expanded text ads, direct from Google Google formally changes AdWords price extension format to swipeable cards Coaxing smarter paid search bidding decisions out of sparse conversion data See how Google is showing even more Shopping Ads on desktop this season Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWords Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ TL;DR Google Watch This Bizarre Google ad uses NBA stars to settle condiment argument by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Nov 18, 2016, 12:57pm EST share tweet Linkedin Google Duo, Google’s app for quick and easy video chatting, may not have the userbase as, say, FaceTime, but at least it has two of the Los Angeles Clippers’ biggest stars using it. In this ad spotted by Adweek, Griffin (who averages 20 points per game when he’s not appearing on Broad City) is having lunch when he’s spotted by a dejected Jordan (who you might know from one of the greatest reaction GIFs of all time). Awkwardness ensues! DeAndre and Blake are bros, so they let their condiments do the talking to patch things up — presumably thanks to the friendship-powered wizardry only they and Google can hope to understand. This ad, weird as it is, is only the latest showing Duo off through the use of adorable inanimate objects. Older spots include two socks separated in the wash trying to reunite and a pepper shaker patiently waiting for the return of his beloved salt shaker. You may not use Duo, I certainly don’t, but you can’t deny the cuteness. Also, ketchup and mustard were not made to be used that way. Gross. Next Up In TL;DR Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community The Late Late Show reveals what happens when a wizard tries to go through airport security Want to become politically active? Love to swear? This site can help! What makes a Kermit goof spread? Meme thieves Apple’s $299 coffee table book is a holy tome for nostalgic fans Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. The Latest How to be human: everyone feels this insecure... right? by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 0 comments Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 0 comments Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 9 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Delayed Pixel orders are getting as much as $100 for their troubles +4,534 Quentyn Kennemer Nov 18th, 2016 If getting a voucher for a free Daydream View headset with your Pixel or Pixel XL pre-order wasn’t enough, those who had their orders delayed are getting even more freebies. Google is starting to send vouchers for $50 to use at the Google Store to those who were affected by delays. What’s more is that some people who were in that bracket of customers were told that they’d be receiving as much as $100 for the mishap. We’re not sure if the amount would or should differ based on the device you bought or whether Google changed their mind and instead reduced the compensation to $50 as those who claimed to be promised $100 have yet to receive a voucher. We’d guess against the latter scenario as that would draw some nasty ire from those who were promised. All that aside, compensation is going out, so if you had to wait far longer for your device than expected (we’re talking a few weeks, not a day or 2) then stay on the lookout for the credit to head your way. [via Reddit] local_offer    Google   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (12) stars Further Reading Google Shops are launching in Canada and the UK Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store New Google Live Cases available Google accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones OnePlus 3T charging proves solid stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad President-elect Trump doubles down in attacks on Hamilton - now saying the popular show isn't worth watching - as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite star support for under-fire cast Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being elected despite conflict of interest promises Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three paramedic and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air ambulance crash Winter IS coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and icy winds in the Northeast as temperatures dip into the twenties Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy backed by force'   'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug boss father became the world's most wanted man Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but not quite shaking hands - amid frosty Syria dealings FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL remains missing 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny differences in these sequences Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' 'He says "look at this" and the gun went off': Woman accidentally shot in the head at North Carolina weapons show by her husband after he bought her a gun to match his own Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it moves further into the Northeast Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after crashing into pier pillar I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' Come all ye faithful: Donald Trump and Mike Pence go to church in Bedminster before meeting Giuliani, Christie and Rahm Emanuel's Hollywood agent brother for more transition team talks Previous Next Google braces itself for Donald Trump as it loses a key ally in Barack Obama in its fight to make streaming content more accessible to cable subscribers Google's parent, Alphabet Inc, backed Hillary Clinton for president Instead, Trump's win signals more regulatory obstacles for internet giant GOP-led Washington expected to roll back pro-Google Obama era policies Trump, GOP, aligned with telecom giants in their bid to end net neutrality   By Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com and Reuters Published: 13:21 EST, 18 November 2016 | Updated: 17:38 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail 13 shares 9 View comments The parent company of Google is bracing for the presidency of Donald Trump while mourning the loss of an ally in Barack Obama. Alphabet Inc, which heavily favored Trump’s opponent, Hillary Clinton, in the election, faces a number of regulatory obstacles that could be imposed if and when Trump undoes much of the Obama administration’s liberalization of the telecommunications market.  Google and other companies like Apple and Microsoft have lobbied the government to force cable and telecommunications companies to permit their customers to have the choice of accessing online content through their set-top cable boxes. Obama’s Federal Communications Commission, headed by chairman Tom Wheeler, supported the reform, much to the dismay of the cable giants. Scroll down for video  The departure of Barack Obama (left) could spell the end of Google's bid to force cable TV companies to enable streaming content on their devices. Google co-founders Sergey Brin (center) and Larry Page (right) are seen above This week, however, the FCC signaled that it was backtracking in anticipation of Trump’s entry into the White House, Yahoo! News reported. The practical significance of such a reform would be that viewers could easily switch between their regular cable programming and streaming services like Netflix, Hulu, and YouTube, a Google-owned property. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'Fired for expressing my conservative views': Fox Houston TV... Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for... Share this article Share 13 shares Instead, large telecom giants force consumers to rent the traditional set-top box at a cost of over $200 per year while limiting them to the bulky cable packages and pricey subscriptions. Proponents of the reform say that it would slash prices and bolster competition while giving consumers greater choice and a wider array of viewing options. Donald Trump (left) is expected to roll back Obama-era Google-friendly policies that were likely to have been continued by the company's preferred candidate, Hillary Clinton (right) Telecom firms like Comcast Corp., AT&T, CBS Corp., and numerous Hollywood studios counter that the plan is flawed since it would slow innovation. In reality, observers say that the cable industry is opposed because it stands to lose $20billion in annual revenue generated by the set-top rentals, according to Bloomberg. The FCC sided with Google and internet actors successfully lobbied the Obama administration to allow internet providers to compete with cable television companies in providing set-top boxes. Trump, however, appears poised to roll back the Google-friendly policies of his predecessor, as is likely to be demanded by his Republican colleagues. The GOP is on record as opposing the Obama administration’s 2015 ‘net neutrality’ initiative that required internet service providers to enable their subscribers to have access to web-based content irrespective of its source, essentially treating all data as equal. Content providers like Google and Netflix cheered the net neutrality policy, but analysts say that a Trump administration is likely to fall in line with telecom monoliths and roll back the initiative. Since Trump’s victory, shares of Alphabet fell 2.4 per cent while Neftlix shares dropped 5.9 per cent and Amazon shares depreciated by 2 per cent. In contrast, Comcast Corp has seen its shares spike by 7.7 per cent, though AT&T and Verizon have seen their stock prices largely unchanged. Read more: Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Here’s Why You’re Paying $200 to Rent a Clunky Set-Top Box - Bloomberg Share or comment on this article e-mail 13 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Shouldn't One prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's beaming girlfriend throws herself into work as she returns to the set of Suits Second day of filming 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale     DON'T MISS Ex-Survivor star Michael Skupin is convicted of possessing child pornography after police find images of 'underage children in sexual situations' on his laptop From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  She will become part of the Star Wars universe Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on Vietnamese show  Hitting their stride! Newly engaged Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are attached at the hip during stroll through New York  Loved up Strike a pose! SNL cast and crew along with Saturday night's host Kristen Wiig take on the Mannequin Challenge  Wiig is on hosting duty this weekend 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during a vacation in the US Virgin Islands with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs 'The fans will rip into Raven's *ss': Orlando Brown speaks out about being recast in That's So Raven reboot He originally didn't believe there could be a reboot without him What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  Posing up a storm Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at London charity ball The 46-year-old model put her best foot forward  Celebrity hair tribes: How stars with similar passions flock to the same salons - and end up with the same hairstyles!  Sorting out their locks Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Former Pussycat Doll 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticized by 'mean girls' Lea Michele and Cara Santana head to the gym in 'twinning' workout gear in West Hollywood Ex Glee star seen with the fiancée of Desperate Housewives star Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Splashing out John Lennon's furious Beatles breakup letter, in which he pities Paul McCartney because of Linda's 'insane' family and says the band were 'big b*****ds,' sold for $30,000 Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Expecting her second kid Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together They have three kids Mommy's night out! Behati Prinsloo leaves Adam and baby at home as she goes casual cool while hitting the town Leaving West Hollywood hotspot Delilah  EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'We're not cars, we're people': Cyndi Lauper, 63, bemoans ageism in the media... as fellow iconic singer Debbie Harry, 71, admits - 'I'm guilty of it' Ahoy, mateys! Josh Duhamel and son Axl brandish cartoon-style pirate swords in Beverly Hills He plays a no-nonsense soldier in Transformers This Is Us star Chrissy Metz reveals she is contractually obligated to lose weight over the course of the series... but she's up for it Claims she's 'excited' Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  Speaking in NYC Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks social media silence as she posts an inspirational quote and thanks her friends for their support  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' Claire Danes goes make-up free for hand-in-hand stroll with husband Hugh Dancy The couple still looked giddy in love after seven years of marriage Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple have been dating since 2014 Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise 'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son EXCLUSIVE: Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after going on 40 minute rant in which he revealed he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted for Trump  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Caitlyn Jenner looks laid-back in jeans while running errands alone  The 67-year-old I Am Cait star juggled her Starbucks holiday coffee cup with other items Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even SEX CLUB membership Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York Splashing out Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in skinny jeans after being slammed over Nike campaign by Olympian Meryl Davis  Failed to raise a smile 'I have not been honest with myself': Scream actress Bex Taylor-Klaus comes out as gay Live-streamed with fans to talk about it Kesha rocks Metallica 'Damaged Justice' T-shirt for sound check before Miami concert Troubled singer was performing at the Best Buddies Miami Gala Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert gushes over new girlfriend after their relationship ended her nine-year marriage Left her husband for her best friend Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  The Grand Tour review 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Thigh's the limit! Kris Jenner hits the town in fishnets, long leather boots and a shimmery mini dress  The 61-year-old went for a youthful look Alec Baldwin takes romantic stroll with wife Hilaria... after revealing he'll RETURN as Donald Trump on tomorrow's SNL Much-anticipated revival! 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Twice as nice! Rebecca Romijn is ageless as always as she has very busy morning of interviews The 44-year-old kicked off at the Today show Make them feel merry AND bright! From a holographic gloss to pearlized polish, shop holiday beauty gifts so shiny, they won't be able to look away 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Diane Kruger is a far cry from her glamorous self as she films scenes for gritty German drama Aus dem Nichts Usually she's perfectly turned out Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona Ditched trademark look Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at charity ball Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA Was showing off some serious shoulder Santa's model helpers! Jourdan Dunn shows off statuesque figure in skin-tight jeans as she joins Martha Hunt for festive celebrations in New York City Transcendental Meditation, targeted workouts, and protein-packed meals: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for the Victoria's Secret show Style Swoon: From Eva Longoria's holiday clothing line to Cate Blanchett's rocker-chic leather pants, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we are loving this week Best on our desks: This week, a lotion you apply in the SHOWER, a travel-size cleansing duo and a new way to get rid of blackheads top our beauty picks Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four Today's headlines Most Read 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of... What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being... Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air... Winter is coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and wind in the Northeast as temperatures dip into... Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy... 'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug... 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he... Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the... Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but... FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL... 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their... Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' Woman accidentally shot in head at North Carolina gun show after weapon her husband had bought discharged Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it... Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after... I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star... Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up... Donald Trump goes to church in New Jersey before meeting with Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie and Hollywood... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies... Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election... 'Totally one-sided and biased': Donald Trump slams SNL for scathing skit in which Alec Baldwin portrays... White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education... MORE HEADLINES Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition meetings Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was 'harassed' by 'very rude' cast who stopped the show to confront VP sitting in the audience - while the crowd BOOED him and his family 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier killed by suicide bomber during Veterans Day run get BOOED by American Airlines first class for delaying flight on way to pick up their dead son's body  'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite celebrity support for under fire cast Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are charged with manslaughter after brothers, six and nine, drowned after being washed over a 70-foot waterfall Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics of the eighties and the era's misfits 'who your mother warned you about', all captured by iconic photographer Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and I kissed her': Cancer stricken four-year-old who broke the internet's heart after her father posted a photo of her pain and suffering has died, family announce The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the first time, the -196C cryo-tank where body of 14-year-old cancer girl is hung upside down in a £10 sleeping bag with FIVE other corpses German husband who killed his Filipino wife and sliced her body into eight pieces to go on a Thailand sex holiday has been jailed for life  Was new mom MURDERED for her baby? Two arrested in Dallas 'for kidnapping week-old baby they may have passed off as their own after mother was found shot dead'  Mystery as UFO hunter posts images of huge spherical object in front of the Sun that was captured by NASA cameras Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Lover gets stuck inside married mistress while having sex after her husband asked a witch doctor to curse her genitals Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' as he prepares to meet with Theresa May  'Happy holidays from the very gay, very liberal table sitting next to you': Woman pays for one family's dinner and leaves message of acceptance on the receipt after overhearing their homophobic comments Who is deplorable now? Gang of four are charged after 'beating' Trump supporter in horrific attack caught on camera  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' 'Go to another country if you don't like Trump': Federal judge at US citizenship ceremony goes on rant defending the President elect Butt they won! Yale students delay annual football game with Harvard by stripping off  Boy paralyzed by a gun shot to the face aged 7, who turned down a $3M payout in exchange for having weapons destroyed and saving others, dies of his injuries 22 years after accident  'He was able to do whatever he wanted': Girl, 13, speaks out after being sexually assaulted on a plane by 'drunk' stranger sitting next to her for 30 minutes Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington Alabama police officer fired over racist Facebook post saying Michelle Obama is ‘fluent in ghetto’ Woman, 27, who admitted to having sex with her dog three times burst into tears after a judge told her she would spend the weekend behind bars MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Around the world in virtual reality: Google Earth VR will fly you to ANY destination from the comfort of your home Google has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth compatible with the HTC Vive It works like the Google Earth or Google Street View programs, except it is beamed into the eyes in 3D Google also lets users experience cinematic tours of destinations like the Amazon river or the Swiss Alps Using the revamped Google Earth, VR users can zoom in and rotate the Earth, and even fly through space By Abigail Beall For Mailonline Published: 07:52 EST, 18 November 2016 | Updated: 08:10 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail 36 shares 2 View comments Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen. Now Google has found a way of letting people experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, from the highest mountains to the busiest cities, without even leaving the house. The firm has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works with the HTC Vive headset, and comes complete with virtual tours of some of the world's most popular destinations. Scroll down for video  Google has found a way of letting you experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, without even leaving your house. The search engine giant has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works alongside the HTC Vive headset. Yellowstone National Park is pictured  GOOGLE EARTH VR  Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen - or at least to visit every destination on their list. Now Google has found a way of letting people experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, without even leaving the house. The search engine giant has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works with the HTC Vive headset. It works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs - only it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions.  The programme works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs, except it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions. 'Ten years ago, Google Earth began as an effort to help people everywhere explore our planet,' said Mike Podwal, product manager at Google VR, in a blog post. 'And now, with more than two billion downloads, many have.'  'Today, we are introducing Google Earth VR as our next step to help the world see the world.  'With Earth VR, you can fly over a city, stand at the top of the highest peaks, and even soar into space.'  Google also allows users to experience cinematic tours of particularly popular tourist destinations.  'Earth VR comes with cinematic tours and hand-picked destinations that send you to the Amazon River, the Manhattan skyline, the Grand Canyon, the Swiss Alps, and more.' The project allows users to walk around the likes of the Hong Kong Stadium or Rome's historic Colosseum, or climb the Matterhorn. Having been rebuilt for room scale VR, the revamped Google Earth also lets users fly around each destination. Being able to zoom in and rotate the Earth, and even fly through space is expected to give users first-person views that would be almost impossible to achieve in real life.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the... Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the... Two Chinese astronauts return from the nation's longest... The strange 'funnel' on Mars that scientists say could be... Share this article Share The Google Earth VR app is available to download for free from the Steam store, the digital software depository that feeds the HTC Vive. Like Tilt Brush, Earth VR is launching first on the HTC Vive.   The HTC Vive headset comes with a front facing camera, redesigned headstrap for greater stability, an improved visual system with brighter displays - as well as the ability to take calls while immersed in an imaginary world.  On the Steam store, the Earth VR programme has already achieved a 'Very Positive' rating after over 400 reviews.  The interactive module above lets you explore different parts of the world as they would look in Google Earth VR. Click the arrows to change to a new desination Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen - or at least to visit every destination on their list. Christ the Redeemer, the statue of Jesus Christ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil is pictured  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Watch video Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Watch video Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence Watch video Romney leaves after meeting with President-elect Trump Watch video Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Watch video Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her Watch video 'Beyonce I was hurt!': Kanye goes on epic rant during a concert Watch video Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Pence gets booed by crowd as he takes his seat at Hamilton Watch video Tesla's 'Instant Acceleration' saved a driver from speeding car Watch video Bizarre UFO-like object is spotted on NASA's satellite footage Watch video Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying It works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs - only it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions. The project takes things to the next level, allowing users to walk around the likes of the Hong Kong Stadium or climb the Matterhorn, a mountain of the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy, pictured 'Today, we are introducing Google Earth VR as our next step to help the world see the world,' Google said. 'With Earth VR, you can fly over a city, stand at the top of the highest peaks, and even soar into space.' The Colosseum in Rome is pictured  This app comes just a few days after Google's Daydream virtual reality headset hit the market. Google's earlier attempts at a headset, the low cost cardboard app, was popular - but undeniably low budget and not as effective as more expensive devices.  The Daydream features a soft fabric coating , unlike the plastic finish found on most its competitors. The headset and controller are sold together for $79 (£69 in the UK). Virtual experiences built for Daydream are still limited - but Google's own YouTube and Street View apps are impressive.  For now, the headset works only with Google's Pixel phone. The Google Earth VR app is available to download for free from the Steam store, the digital software depository that feeds the HTC Vive. The Florence Cathedral in Florence, pictured Having been rebuilt for room scale VR, the revamped Google Earth also lets users soar around them, flying through the air for first-person views that are almost impossible in real life. The Space Needle in Seattle is pictured The Hoover Dam is pictured. At 196.9 million square miles, the world is pretty big, so Google has made it easy to find great places to visit. Earth VR comes with cinematic tours and hand-picked destinations that send you to the Amazon River, the Manhattan skyline, the Grand Canyon, the Swiss Alps, and more more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Watch video Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Watch video Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence Watch video Romney leaves after meeting with President-elect Trump Watch video Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Watch video Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her Watch video 'Beyonce I was hurt!': Kanye goes on epic rant during a concert Watch video Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Pence gets booed by crowd as he takes his seat at Hamilton Watch video Tesla's 'Instant Acceleration' saved a driver from speeding car Watch video Bizarre UFO-like object is spotted on NASA's satellite footage Watch video Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying WHAT CAN YOU DO WITH GOOGLE DAYDREAM? You can view 360-degree YouTube videos and any 360-degree photos you store on Google Photos.  In fact, Google has an entirely new version of YouTube available from last week. This new standalone app was built from the ground up and optimized for VR.  You just need a Daydream-ready phone like Pixel and the new Daydream View headset and controller to get started.  'Every single video on the platform becomes an immersive VR experience, from 360-degree videos that let you step inside the content to standard videos shown on a virtual movie screen in the new theater mode,' Google  said. The app even includes some familiar features like voice search and a signed in experience so you can follow the channels you subscribe to, check out your playlists and more.  You can visit other destinations such as the Galapagos Islands in a 360-degree version of Google's Street View.   Google has worked with everyone from the Natural History Museum in London, to fitness and travel sites to create VR videos Even more are promised by the end of the year, including apps for Netflix and Hulu — though all that does is offer video on a giant screen in a virtual living room. There's much more available for Cardboard.  Unfortunately, app developers will need to make some tweaks first to make them compatible with Daydream. They'll need to do even more to take advantage of the motion control.  Read more: Google Earth VR - Bringing the whole wide world to virtual reality Share or comment on this article e-mail 36 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... Melania and Barron Trump will NOT move to the White House so... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories Next story Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre cosmic radio blasts release an unexplained flash of energy 198 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column As Google Fiber scales down its broadband business, San Francisco moves ahead on its own Google Associated Press Not destined to be your neighborhood broadband provider. Not destined to be your neighborhood broadband provider. (Associated Press) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter It wasn’t so long ago — three years, to be exact — that communities all over the country were slavering over the prospect of getting fiber-based, blazing-fast broadband Internet service from Google. More than 1,000 communities had fallen all over themselves to meet the company’s terms, which included exemptions from some city regulations, expedited permit approvals and — the key — Google’s right to choose which neighborhoods to endow with its fiber technology and when. This was a “demand-driven” model designed to ensure that the most densely populated and affluent areas got served first.  Hopes that Google would establish a nationwide model for fiber Internet service were dashed last month, when the company suddenly declared a “pause” in its plans to lay fiber in as many as 18 municipalities, beyond the eight metro areas where it already is building or has completed its system. The disappointed suitors will have to wait for this strategy to play out or move ahead on their own. They would be well advised to keep an eye on San Francisco.  When you’re begging for something from a big company like Google, you take what you can get." — Christopher Mitchell, Institute for Local Self-Reliance That city is contemplating what would be the largest and most ambitious public broadband system in the country, with the ultimate goal of running fiber into every home and public building.  “Plain and simply, the Internet has to be viewed as a utility,” San Francisco Supervisor Mark Farrell, who is spearheading the program, told me. “Just like water and power, people cannot function in today’s world without access to the Internet. Over 100,000 San Francisco residents don’t have access. Bridging that gap needs to be a priority, and it’s up to individual cities to move forward.” San Francisco has some advantages other communities lack. It’s geographically compact and densely populated, with a technophile citizenry.  But the city of 865,000 residents is facing a daunting challenge. No city of comparable size has deployed a system of fiber to every building, the board of supervisors’ legislative analyst’s office warned in March. The technical and physical obstacles to laying fiber citywide could sink the project at birth. The cost, which could come close to $1 billion, could raise public and political opposition. Existing Internet providers such as Comcast and AT&T can be expected to fight the project through lobbying and lawsuits.  Still, this is a city sensitive to its digital inadequacies. As of 2014, the legislative analyst reported, only 2.6% of San Francisco residents had gigabit-per-second access, the gold standard for broadband connectivity. To this day, service in a city closely identified with high technology is spotty and often atrocious. “I feel like I’m always paying more for less,” says Joaquin Siopack, 43, who works as a data analyst out of his home in the hilly Miraloma Park neighborhood. He recently abandoned AT&T’s slow DSL Internet service in favor of a line from independent provider Sonic Internet delivering a pathetic 10 megabit-per-second connection — more than twice the speed he got from AT&T for $60 a month, about 40% more than he paid AT&T. Neither Sonic nor any other service has plans to run fiber into his neighborhood any time soon. Cable service from Comcast would be an option — but he’d have to wire his home for the connection himself.  Some time in the next few weeks, San Francisco will hire a consultant to lay out the options for citywide fiber service. The choices include building its own network and acting as its own Internet service provider to provide gigabit speed access to every building in the city; offering incentives to coax private firms into building the physical network and providing service; or sharing construction and operation of the system with commercial partners. Also uncertain is whether the city would build the system as a utility, serving all buildings, or replicate Google’s demand-driven model by laying fiber only to where it knows customers exist.  When public infrastructure goes private Google is bringing a fiber-optic data network to homeowners in Kansas City, Mo., and Kan., but without the usual regulations. That means underprivileged neighborhoods may be left in the digital dust. Google is bringing a fiber-optic data network to homeowners in Kansas City, Mo., and Kan., but without the usual regulations. That means underprivileged neighborhoods may be left in the digital dust.Read the column Then there’s the question of how the system would be paid for — by taxpayers, by all residents and businesses charged an average utility fee estimated at about $43 a month, or only by users paying a monthly fee. The range of potential construction costs, the legislative analyst reported, runs from more than $867 million for a city-built utility-style system, to zero, if the city chooses to turn the chore entirely over to private enterprise. But in that case, there would be no guarantee that all residents would be served. “Every option is on the table,” Farrell says, with one caveat: “Regardless of the method, I believe the public should own this infrastructure.” That’s an important point, because America’s reliance on private enterprise to build its broadband infrastructure has left the country mired in the digital equivalent of the Stone Age. The San Francisco legislative analyst reported that the average Internet speed nationally was 21.2 megabits per second in 2014, which ranked 19th among the top 20 countries in the world.  Competition among the cable and telecommunications firms is so meager—the nation’s cable industry is a collection of regional monopolies — that they have felt almost no pressure to offer customers state-of-the-art connectivity or to reach out to underserved communities. Broadband service is almost the very model of a public good that should be provided by government, because the profit incentives of private industry work in favor of limited service delivered to customers only selectively. Running fiber is a capital-intensive task: concentrating on high-rise apartment buildings occupied by tenants who will pay premium prices for lightning-fast service spells profits; reaching out to a sprawling community of low-income users, many of whom don’t own computers, doesn’t. The harvest is the “digital divide,” in which modern technology bypasses already disadvantaged citizens.  Only a handful of public entities have taken matters in hand. Interest is beginning to stir—on election day, 26 cities and counties in Colorado opted out of a 2005 law — sponsored by the cable industry — prohibiting them from providing telecommunications services to the public. That brought  to 95 the number of Colorado municipalities considering going it alone. Yet of the more than 1,000 fiber networks in the U.S., only 143 are municipally owned, including six in California. The pioneers typically are small, affluent or tech-savvy communities, such as Santa Monica and Santa Clara, that tend to provide service chiefly to downtown business districts and public buildings, and see their programs as economic development tools. That explains why Google Fiber initially looked like a godsend. When the company announced last December that it was exploring placing Los Angeles on its roster of “potential” fiber cities, Councilman Bob Blumenfield, who has been pushing to ease the way for would-be fiber providers in the city and had met with Google officials, declared that L.A. might be on its way to become “the world’s premier gigabit city.” (AT&T had announced the same week that it would start rolling out its GigaPower fiber service in Los Angeles County.) Then came Oct. 25, a sort of Black Tuesday for believers in Google as a broadband savior. That day, the company announced the departure of Fiber’s CEO, Craig Barrett, and the “pause” in its operations. “I’m hoping it’s a pause and not a stop,” Blumenfield says. “But all we know at the moment is that it’s not happening right now.” Los Angeles last year asked private companies to submit proposals for a citywide broadband system, but hasn’t settled on a model. Google will continue to build out its system in the eight communities where it’s already established. But for other cities it’s shifting its strategy toward wireless Internet service and to a target market of apartment buildings rather than single-family houses. This reflects its acquisition in June of WebPass, which runs fiber lines into neighborhoods, provides wireless connections from there to apartment buildings, and wired service from the buildings’ rooftops to the tenants inside. Google’s strategic shift shouldn’t have come as a surprise, says Christopher Mitchell, a broadband expert at the Institute for Local Self-Reliance. Signs abounded that the company, now called Alphabet, didn’t see broadband service as a core business and was becoming more interested in other ventures, including self-driving cars. Its insistence on building on its own terms should have been a warning for companies that thought it would be the answer to their digital dreams.  “When you’re begging for something from a big company like Google,” Mitchell says, “you take what you can get.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Caption Los Angeles Rams break ground on new stadium A groundbreaking ceremony was held in Inglewood as construction of the Los Angeles Rams' new $2.6-billion stadium officially got underway. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) A groundbreaking ceremony was held in Inglewood as construction of the Los Angeles Rams' new $2.6-billion stadium officially got underway. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) Caption Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute, a prominent alt-right organization. (Joshua Roberts / For The Times) Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute, a prominent alt-right organization. (Joshua Roberts / For The Times) Caption Vigilant Guard | California National Guard trains for earthquake response A weeklong earthquake response training exercise called Vigilant Guard was hosted in California by the California National Guard with participation from more than 1,200 members of local, state and federal agencies, including Los Angeles County fire officials and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) A weeklong earthquake response training exercise called Vigilant Guard was hosted in California by the California National Guard with participation from more than 1,200 members of local, state and federal agencies, including Los Angeles County fire officials and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Caption The Curiosity Correspondent: How to play Harry Potter's Quidditch when no one can fly Quidditich, the popular and dangerous sport played throughout the Harry Potter series, has come to life through many organizations across the globe. Our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Cruthcer, heads to UCLA to learn how to play the game and to see if he can become an expert. It goes... poorly. Quidditich, the popular and dangerous sport played throughout the Harry Potter series, has come to life through many organizations across the globe. Our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Cruthcer, heads to UCLA to learn how to play the game and to see if he can become an expert. It goes... poorly. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Comcast Corporation Meet the new think tank in town: 'Alt-right' comes to Washington to influence Trump No. 13 USC pounds UCLA, 36-14, in rivalry game The world may be out to get Alex Jones, master of conspiracy. But he's scored a win with Donald Trump Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics L.A. Auto Show Opinion Place An Ad 60°
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 18 GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 Best Android phones you can buy [November 2016] Ben Schoon - 2 days ago @NexusBen Android best phones View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Looking for a new smartphone? There are dozens upon dozens of great options on the market today, but finding the best of the best can be a bit difficult. We’ve seen some great launches through the year and more should be coming soon too, so let’s take a look at the best Android smartphones you can buy as of November 2016. New For November: OnePlus 3T Announced just this week, the OnePlus 3T is the “successor” to the OnePlus 3, although it’s really just a slight refresh. Compared to the OnePlus 3 the 3T brings the updated Snapdragon 821 chipset, a larger 3,400 mAh battery, a new color variant, and an updated 16MP front facing camera sensor. Aside from that, the OnePlus 3T is the same as the OnePlus 3, bringing Dash Charge fast charging, a 5.5-inch 1080p Optic AMOLED display, 6GB of RAM, and USB-C — all wrapped up in that aluminum chassis. Starting at $439, it’s slightly more expensive than the OnePlus 3 was, but not without reason. The phone is available from November 22nd from OnePlus’ website. From Earlier This Year: Google Pixel When talking about the best Android phones, there’s no way to avoid talking about the Google Pixel and the Pixel XL. These two smartphones, designed by Google from the ground up, show off the best that the company has to offer, and it’s impressive. While not perfect, Google’s efforts with the Pixel show just how good Android can be, both in terms of stability, performance, and the overall experience. The Pixel packs top-tier specs including the Snapdragon 821 chipset, 4GB of RAM, 32 or 128GB of storage, and the breathtaking 12.3MP camera on the back. Google’s services are pre-loaded out of the box, the latest version of Android is pushed immediately, and Google Assistant is showcased front and center. Other perks include the 24/7 support, unlimited full resolution photo and video backups, and support for Google’s all new Daydream VR experience. Pricing for the Pixel starts at $649 for the 5-inch variant and $769 for the larger 5.5-inch Pixel XL. Add $100 to either for the 128GB storage tier. Monthly financing is available both through the Google Store and through Verizon Wireless. LG V20 If you want a big, feature-rich phone that doesn’t explode, the LG V20 might be your best bet. Packing a 5.7-inch Quad HD IPS display, Snapdragon 820 chipset, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and a 3,200 mAh removable battery, the V20 is a power user’s phone without question. That’s only emphasized with the dual-camera system on the back which can take standard and wide-angle pictures as well as bringing enhanced stabilization in video. Entertainment only gets better with the built-in 32-bit HiFi DAC which makes listening to music a joy. The LG V20 is one of the best smartphones we’ve used this year, but the most surprising thing about it is the price. While a compared option from Samsung, Apple, or Google could cost you well upwards of $800, the V20 averages out at about $770. Pricing varies by carrier, landing at $672 on Verizon at its lowest point and $830 on AT&T and its highest. Monthly pricing across all major carriers lands at around $28 a month and the phone is available via Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, US Cellular, and Sprint. You can also pick it up unlocked. Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge Samsung also launched a pair of impressive Android flagships earlier this year, and despite their age, they’re still some of the best options on the market today. The Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge offer Quad HD SuperAMOLED displays at 5.1-inches and 5.5-inches respectively. The larger Edge variant also brings dual-curved edges on either side. Under the hood, both devices pack the Snapdragon 820 chipset in the US, and one from Samsung in international regions. The smaller Galaxy S7 packs a 3,000 mAh battery where the S7 Edge brings a 3,600 mAh battery. Both bring fast charging, wireless charging, and fast wireless charging along with the Snapdragon 820 chipset, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, IP68 water resistance, and fingerprint sensors. The 12MP camera on the rear is also nothing short of impressive and the glass/metal bodies scream premium. Pricing varies depending on carrier and outlet, but you can get these phones from pretty much anywhere with prices floating between $500 and $700 depending on the model. Moto Z/Moto Z Force From Motorola/Lenovo, one, or rather two, of the best options you can pick up come in the form of the Moto Z and the Moto Z Force. Both devices pack 5.5-inch AMOLED displays, the Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and Motorola’s thin software layer on top of Android. The Moto Z brings a 2,600 mAh battery, 13MP camera, and comes in at just 5.2mm thin. The Moto Z Force, on the other hand, brings a 3,500 mAh battery, 21MP rear camera, and is 7mm thin. It also brings a “ShatterShield” display which won’t break. Unfortunately, that model is exclusive to Verizon Wireless. Both devices run Android Marshmallow, slated to get Nougat soon, and lack headphone jacks. However, they do include USB-C adapters in the box. That port also includes Turbo Charging which promises up to 15 hours of power with a 15-minute charge. The big story, though, is without a doubt the compatibility with Moto Mods, a method of expanding the phone’s capabilities with “modules” such as battery packs, speakers, and even a camera. The Moto Z Force is available on Verizon Wireless as is the Moto Z, but the latter is also available unlocked through outlets like Amazon. HTC 10 Another great option from early this year comes from HTC. Despite the company not having great success over the past few years, but the HTC 10 is a smartphone that just about anyone can love. Bringing an all-metal aluminum body, Snapdragon 820 chipset, 4GB of RAM, a fantastic 5.2-inch LCD display, 32GB of storage, and Android Marshmallow out of the box, it’s a smartphone that hits all the important notes. The 3,000 mAh battery will keep most users powered through a full day, the fingerprint sensor is quick and reliable, and the 24-bit DAC in the headphone jack is great for listening to music. Pricing on the HTC 10 varies as well. Retail lands at $699, but we’ve seen it as low as about $500. Currently, HTC is offering the device for $549 brand new. Verizon also offers the phone in stores. You can learn more in our full review. ZTE Axon 7 If you want a flagship experience, but at a slightly lower price point, the ZTE Axon 7 is an option worth considering. Starting at just $399, the Axon 7 packs a 5.5-inch AMOLED display, all-metal design, front facing speakers, and premium specifications including the top of the line Snapdragon 820 chipset. It also packs an insane 6GB of RAM and support for Google Daydream. The ZTE Axon 7 is available for purchase from ZTE, Amazon, and many other retailers around the web for $399 unlocked for use on GSM carriers. LeEco Le Pro3 Another solid option comes from Chinese manufacturer LeEco. Recently launched in the United States, the LeEco Le Pro3 is not a phone to overlook. Packing a 5.5-inch 1080p display, a Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, an all metal build, a massive 4,070 mAh battery, and a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, the Pro 3 can compete with just about anything else on the market today. Priced at $399, it’s an even better choice. However, LeEco has a trick up its sleeve — flash sales. On a semi-regular basis, LeEco will open up flash sales of its products with heavy discounts. That includes the Pro3, which gets a $100 price cut during these sales. This phone is available exclusively from LeEco’s website and works with all GSM carriers. Be sure to follow 9to5Google’s 9to5Toys Lunch Break for the latest deals! Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide best phones View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors ChameleonJohn - Online Coupons, Promo Codes, Discounts & Deals -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories ASUS ZenBook 3 Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Samsung Gear Fit 2 MacBook (2016) Moto G Plus HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevy Malibu Android Auto 2016 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Samsung Galaxy S7 2015 Mazda CX-9 Moto 360 (2015) Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear headphones for Android ASAP Dash Rapid Charger Jaybird Reign Fitness Tracker Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo HTC One A9 21.5-inch iMac with 4K display 360Fly Action Camera SanDisk Wireless Connect Stick Geko E100 Full HD 1080P Dash Cam Google Pixel C SodaStream's New POWER Sparkling Water Machine Dyson V6 Mattress Handheld Vaccum iPad Pro ZTE AXON Apple TV (2015) 2016 Ford Explorer Platinum Edition Apple watchOS 2 Sennheiser RS 175  BlackBerry PRIV Google Nexus 5X iPhone 6S Plus 2015 Ford F-150 2016 Chevrolet Volt EV Microsoft Office 2016 « Video: See the opening of the first Canadian Google Shop | Main | Firefox Focus for iOS simplifies web browsing, acts as ad blocker » Friday Nov182016 First Google Shop opens today at Best Buy Canada branch in Mississauga Friday, November 18, 2016 at 10:55AM Text and photos by Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla Mississauga, ON -Since Google is now a bona fide consumer electronics and hardware maker, it stands to reason that it needs to show off its wares in physical retails stores. Following the opening of their New York pop-up store, Google has decided to team-up with Best Buy Canada and create flagship Google Shop 'store within a store' locations in three Canadian cities.   Opening today at the flagship Best Buy Experience Store in the Heartland Town Centre on Mavis Road, the Google Shop is the first thing one sees upon entering the refreshed store space. Best Buy has changed the layout to cater more to brands rather than specific sections and Google's booth certainly has the prime space here. Best Buy Experience Stores, "are designed to be flexible and adaptable; to allow us to alter our design and products more quickly in response to customer feedback, new technology and products. For our customers, we have added another dimension to take the in-store experience to the next level to provide expert, individualized guidance and customization to ensure our customers make the best choice for them and their lifestyle," Best Buy explains. The Google Shop offers a gamut of Made By Google products, most important of which are the new Pixel phones. These are sold unlocked but are tethered to two-year contracts through various carriers, which means you can't just buy one full price and pop in your existing SIM card.  The Google Shop also features the Daydream VR headset and remote controller, various Chromecast devices as well as accessories such as cables, smartphone cases and of course, the latest Google Chromebooks. Other Made By Google products, including the Google Home smart speaker and Google WiFi aren't yet available in Canada but will likely be sold at these stores once they are cleared for Canadian consumption.  Google Canada’s “shop within a shop” spaces were officially opened today at the Best Buy location in Mississauga’s Heartland Centre, along with three others in Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver. The exciting collaboration is part of Best Buy’s redesigned Experience Stores, and today’s opening marks the official culmination of the large coast-to-coast renovation plan that saw upgrades made to more than a dozen locations. “We are thrilled about the launch of our newly renovated stores and to showcase the new Google shops,” says Ron Wilson, President and COO of Best Buy Canada. “We are committed to providing our customers with the best service and the most exciting tech. We can’t wait for the public to enjoy the special in-store experiences.”  Other locations in Canada include Dearfoot Meadows and Edmonton South in Alberta and Cambie in Vancouver, British Columbia. I asked a Google representative if these will be coming soon and the answer was, 'stay tuned.' The look and feel of the Google Shop is very much in tune with Google's aesthetic, something that was very deliberate and which Google had been working one way before the Google Pixel came into being.  "Comprised of nearly 700 square feet, our new shops are a reflection of the Google hardware brand in a retail space. Even the smallest detail, from the use of curved edges to the hand-picked colour palette, evoke a warm, inviting and playful feel. The shop is fully programmable, meaning its layout can evolve and change as Google’s products do. Each shop features a structural element inspired by the simplicity and beauty of one of Google’s most iconic tools: the search bar. When you view the designed structure straight on, you can see how it lightly mimics a search bar." Aside from serving as a point of sale for Google products, the Google Shop will also run various programs for customers. This holiday season, kids can have a Google Hangout with Santa. There will also be a Santa Tracker on the large Google Maps display in the shop. Other activities include The Art of DIY, and a Makey Makey Lab which helps consumers through various creative and technical projects. Google Guides are the in-store assistants that help customers through the selection of products and can walk users through products and features. Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google Canada, Google Shop, best buy, google Guides Email Article in Apps & Launches, Breaking news, Buyers Guide, Google Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2016 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (1) Post your comment Those who got their Pixel order delayed are now receiving $50 in Google Play Store credit 18 November 2016 A few weeks ago, Google sent out an apology to some of those who ordered the company's Pixel or Pixel XL smartphone, saying that the shipment of their unit will be delayed. And to compensate that, the software giant promised a $50 Google Play credit after orders are delivered. Inline with that promise, Google has started sending out the discount codes. Here's the email that one of the Pixel users has received: As mentioned in the email, to redeem your credit, click the "Get Started" button at the bottom of the email, then enter your promo code (if prompted), and then click "Redeem." To use the credit, just select the "Google Play balance" payment option during checkout. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Don’t mess with Google: Pixel phone scalpers get their accounts shut down A reseller's crowd-sourced phone scalping plan draws the ire of Google. by Ron Amadeo - Nov 18, 2016 5:20 pm UTC Login to bookmark 109 The terrifying message sent to the people involved in the phone reselling scheme. DansDeals An odd story popped up this week on the deal site DansDeals. There was some kind of "deal" that involved making money through the resale of Google's Pixel phones, and once Google caught wind of it, a lot of people had their Google accounts banned. Apparently a phone reseller in New Hampshire was running some kind of crowd-sourced inventory acquisition program using the consumer Google site. It instructed people to buy phones from the Project Fi site and list the dealer's NH address as their "home address" so phones would be shipped directly to the dealer. The buyers were then paid enough to make a profit on the transaction (probably helped by the fact that NH has no sales tax), and the New Hampshire dealer would later resell the phone at a markup. When Google caught wind of the shipping shenanigans, it "suspended" the Google Accounts of everyone that shipped a phone to the dealer. That means these users were banned from every Google service—Gmail, all their pictures on Google Photos, their documents on Google Drive, and every other piece of Google data was taken away. Something like this wouldn't only affect Google services; think about how many sites do authentication or send critical information over e-mail. According to DansDeals, the dealer ended up buying "a few thousand phones" through this scheme—with a purchase limit of five phones per account. That's a lot of people who were banned. There's no arguing the facts: these users broke the Google Store terms of sale. This document clearly states, "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device." Google's response—to take away what amounts to some users' entire digital lives with no way to recover their data—seems like a disproportionate punishment, however. And after being poked by a couple of news organizations (Ars included), Google relented and sent out the following statement: We identified a scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a reseller, who then marked-up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers. We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project Fi or the Google Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this scheme, but since some customers were not aware of these Terms of Sale and are now locked out of many Google services they rely on, we’re restoring access to these customers’ accounts. Those who were banned should be getting their accounts restored soon. The moral of the story is probably to read the terms of service, have backups for your data, and maybe don't mess with companies that you store your entire digital life with. Provided your account isn't banned, you can always download all your Google data via Google Takeout. Expand full story Reader comments 109 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Ron Amadeo / Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 11697 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest How to keep your secrets safe on Amazon, Netflix, other sites These tricks will keep things like preferences and search history safe. Post to Facebook How to keep your secrets safe on Amazon, Netflix, other sites These tricks will keep things like preferences and search history safe.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2g4YDhu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs How to keep your secrets safe on Amazon, Netflix, other sites Kim Komando , Special for USA TODAY 8:55 a.m. EST November 18, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Want to keep your purchase history and viewing preferences secret? Tech columnist Kim Komando shows you how to do it. In this Friday, Jan. 17, 2014, file photo, a person displays Netflix on a tablet in North Andover, Mass. (Photo: Elise Amendola, AP) 11697 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE When a relationship gets serious, we start to share more of our lives. We borrow each other’s cars. We move in together. Inevitably, we start sharing each other’s technology and even our passwords. But your device says a lot about you: Your pastimes, your taste in music, your curiosities and the things you shop for. So how do you maintain your privacy online, even with the people who are closest to you?  Here are a few simple tricks to help you keep your secrets under wraps. (Note: Apps and websites do not always work the same across all devices and operating systems. If something isn’t located in the menus precisely as I say, look around for a similar action.) Amazon Amazon tracks not only what you have purchased, but also what you have browsed. If you share an Amazon account, both can pose a major problem especially this time of year. The good news is that you can easily cover your tracks. To erase your browsing history, from your account settings, look for Personalization. Go to Personalized Content >> View and Manage Your Browsing History. Here, you have a few options. You can remove only certain items or all items as well as turn off browsing history, so you never have this issue again. Let’s say you want to make it more difficult for someone to find out what you have ordered. Amazon will not completely delete your order history, but you can archive individual orders. Casual snoops will have a harder time seeing what you have purchased. From your account settings, go to Your Orders. Select the item you wish to hide and select Archive order. You can use the Amazon app as an additional holiday security measure. Suppose you have purchased a pair of shoes for your spouse, you’ve archived the order, and now you’re waiting for the package to arrive. But you’re receiving so many boxes this time of year, how do you know which delivery to open and wrap? With the Amazon app, you can scan the barcode on the box to immediately find out what’s inside. It works like a charm – unless your spouse has secretly ordered something for you! Google Google often auto-completes your search terms based on personal information, such as your location and previous searches. Anyone looking over your shoulder or borrowing your device might be surprised by the guesses Google makes. Google products that collect your information include Chrome, Google Maps, and YouTube. To delete your search history on Google, you need a Google account. Just log in, go to My Activity, and remove items individually. Better yet, take control of the data Google saves about you. Click here for step-by-step instructions on how to stop Google from collecting data about you. Most browsers have a similarly easy way to delete your browsing history, and the controls tend to be in your browser’s preferences. Keep this in mind, especially if you’re researching something a little unusual. Facebook For many of us, Facebook is like a sprawling digital yearbook. Maybe you have a family computer, and you usually forget to log out of Facebook. Other people use the same computer, they stumble into your Facebook account, and they notice your conspicuous search history. Your significant other may wonder why you’ve become so curious about the person you once invited to the prom, no matter how innocent your interest. The easiest way to avoid an awkward conversation is to open your Activity Log. Select More >> Search >> Clear Searches. Or you can remove each search item one by one. Your Facebook Activity Log stores a lot of data about you. Click here for tips to clean it up and prevent things from coming back to haunt you. Netflix We all have our guilty pleasures, especially when it comes to movies. You may have privately viewed Lars Von Trier’s "Nymphomaniac" and thought it was a great work of art-house cinema, but that could be hard to explain to a roomful of people. If you want to hide past screenings, just go to My Account >> Viewing History. Be advised that items aren’t always deleted immediately; it may take 24 hours for your lists to update on all devices. Netflix also allows you to create multiple profiles. Many households don’t bother with this unless they have children, but if you want to keep your viewing history private, you can create a personal profile and protect it with a password. Click here to learn how to do this as well as access secret Netflix categories. Go incognito Every major web browser including Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Opera has private, or incognito, browsing settings. Turning this feature on means your browser will ignore cookies including ad-tracking cookies and won't record your browsing history. It's almost like you weren't online. Click here to learn how to enable this simple step to keep your browsing history a secret. Maintaining privacy is one of my favorite themes. To learn other ways to protect your information, be sure to listen or download my podcasts, or click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to the Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet or computer. From buying advice to digital life issues, click here for my free podcasts. On the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show, Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com or send her an email.  11697 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2g4YDhu
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 26 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ken Colburn: Tips for sniffing out fake news sites If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign to be suspicious. Post to Facebook Ken Colburn: Tips for sniffing out fake news sites If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign to be suspicious.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2fCxSmd {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Ken Colburn: Tips for sniffing out fake news sites Ken Colburn, Special for The Republic | azcentral.com 5:02 p.m. MST November 18, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share A good rule of thumb: At least Google a news story before you share it. Video provided by Newsy Newslook This election cycle dramatically elevated the use of fake news sites If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign to be suspicious. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto) Story Highlights Fake news sites in the past were generally used to spread malware by infecting unsuspecting visitors Google and Facebook are cracking down on the sites that attempt to use their advertising platforms If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign to be suspicious Question: How exactly do Facebook and Google plan to block fake news sites? Answer: This election cycle dramatically elevated the use of fake news sites that in the past were generally used to spread malware by infecting unsuspecting visitors. There were a variety of reasons for creating these sites that ranged from the obvious political influence to making money from the worldwide interest in our candidates. Savvy teens in Macedonia BuzzFeed News reported they were able to identify at least 140 fake political news websites being run from a single town in Macedonia. Despite the sites being overwhelmingly pro-Trump, the young tech-savvy creators of the sites said they didn’t care about Trump’s campaign. Earlier in the year, they claim to have researched the various candidates to see which ones would generate the most traffic, as their incentive was purely economic. Any website that can generate a lot of traffic can use global marketing platforms like Google’s AdSense to monetize that traffic. They also learned that the best way to generate traffic to their sites was to use Facebook to spread stories, especially if they were in some way pro-Trump. AZCENTRAL Phoenix fake-news writer comes clean on Donald Trump Clamping down The latest word from both Google and Facebook is that they are cracking down on fake news sites that attempt to use their advertising platforms from now on. Google said sites that “misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher’s content, or the primary purpose” will be kept out of their ad platform. Facebook said it already banned apps and sites with “illegal, misleading, or deceptive” content, but they updated their policy to “explicitly clarify that this applies to fake news.” This by no means will be the end of seeing questionable news sites in your Facebook News Feed or in Google search results, so we all need to sharpen our skills. AZCENTRAL Google to pull ads from fake news sites Sniffing out fake news stories The first thing to pay attention to is the Web address of the site that is reporting the story, especially if a two-character country code is added to the end (Example: abcnews.com.co) With the speed at which news travels across the Internet, doing a quick Google search by using the headline as the search parameter should provide plenty of help. If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign that you should be suspicious. Questionable headlines will likely have search results that include sites like Snopes and HoaxBusters that provide some context to the lack of credibility. Web tools such as Web of Trust can also quickly provide warnings of questionable sites. AZCENTRAL Report: Fake election news performed better than real news on Facebook What else can you do? Both Google and Facebook will be using various algorithms and machine learning to help with the task, but Facebook users can help by posting fact-checking links that debunk stories in the comments section, which will help the algorithm. Facebook users can also click on the v-shaped icon in the upper right corner of any post to hide all posts from that source or unfollow the person that shared the story to prevent future junk posts from appearing in your news feed. News aggregators like News360 present news stories and includes how many news organizations reported on that specific story with an easy way to read the story from any or all of the sources. AZCENTRAL Zuckerberg vows to weed out Facebook 'fake news' Ken Colburn is founder and CEO of Data Doctors Computer Services https://datadoctors.com. Ask any tech question at: https://facebook.com/DataDoctors or on Twitter @TheDataDoc AZCENTRAL Ken Colburn: Options for ransomware victims AZCENTRAL Ken Colburn: Lessons from Podesta's email hack 26 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2fCxSmd TOP VIDEOS Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Montini: Open season on people of color? Nov. 19, 2016, 9:20 p.m. Robb: Pension reform is now impossible in Arizona Nov. 18, 2016, 6:03 a.m. Red table, blue table: Talking turkey at post-election Thanksgiving dinner Nov. 18, 2016, 9:45 a.m.
null
null
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sat, Nov 19, 2016 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp S Korea rejects Google request to use data AP, SEOUL South Korea has rejected Google’s request to use local mapping data in the company’s global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. The South Korean Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport yesterday said that concerns about national security outweighed benefits from exporting the country’s mapping data to Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc. South Korea, facing the overt threat of North Korea, bars exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate domestic data servers. Google handles its maps service at data centers outside South Korea. The restrictions have limited the usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since the app cannot offer driving or walking directions. The government had proposed granting permission to Google to use local mapping data for Google Maps if the company would blur sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite map. “Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting [the local mapping data],” ministry official Kim Tong-il said. “Google’s position is that it won’t delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless.” South Korea has been divided over the issue since Google filed its request in June. The South Korean government extended an August deadline to this month, highlighting disagreements between government ministries. The long-time deliberation reflects growing support for Google within some government ministries that are trying to promote tourism and local firms’ overseas businesses. Some local businesses and consumers opposed giving Google full access to the local mapping data, saying it would be unfair to local companies that operate local data servers to support their map services. They said Google should build data centers in South Korea instead of seeking an exemption from the rules. Google said earlier that restricting Google Maps in South Korea would be an inconvenience for foreigners visiting for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics next year. It also argued that restrictions on exporting the local mapping data could hinder efforts of companies to roll out global services using locations data and would deprive local consumers of cutting-edge services. “What is most regrettable is that it could delay introducing innovative mapping services in South Korea and as a result, South Korea could be left behind in the global competition,” Google engineer Kwon Bom-jun said in the company’s official blog in August. This story has been viewed 1151 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-14 to 2016-11-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 90+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Intersectanalysis This is how Facebook’s fake-news writers make money The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abby Ohlheiser November 18 Follow @abbyohlheiser (J.J. Alcantara/The Washington Post; iStock) How much money can you bring in by making stuff up and putting it on the Internet? “I make like $10,000 a month from AdSense,” Paul Horner, a prolific, Facebook-focused fake-news writer told us this week. And among a growing group of Macedonian teenagers who see fake-news sites as a way to make easy money from American gullibility, the most successful can make about $5,000 a month, BuzzFeed reported. The money comes from ads, provided by the self-service ad technology of companies such as Google and Facebook. It is a business model that has changed little over the years, David Carroll, an associate professor of media design at the New School and an expert in advertising tech, told us. “Anybody can make a site and put ads on it,” he said. “They can easily set up a business, create content, and once it is viral, it drives traffic to their site.” [Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’] In 2016, the churn of fake news was a daily onslaught of fabricated or exceedingly misleading news stories designed to elevate or demonize presidential candidates, mixed into the flow of true or mostly true stories about the election. The stories were designed to be believed and shared. On Facebook, they were seeded into conservative and liberal filter bubbles through hyperpartisan media organizations with enormous numbers of Facebook followers. That alarming reach prompted critics to accuse Facebook, and to a much lesser extent Google, of influencing the elections by incentivizing fake political news — a charge that Facebook has denied. The attention was enough for the two companies to announce Monday that they were going to crack down on fake-news purveyors who use their services to make ad money. If they are successful in stopping fake-news sites from profiting, Horner told us, the effect would be devastating for his revenue. But Horner seemed confident that he and others like him would be able to adapt to the changes. After all, he has been doing this for a long time. [This is not an interview with Banksy] There are a lot of variables that factor into exactly how much a viral hoax story can make for its creator. But if you take Facebook shares as an indirect indicator of how widely viewed some of these sites might be, you start to understand why, if optimized properly, fake-news sites targeting hyperpartisan audiences can be lucrative. Consider these points before sharing a news article on Facebook. It could be fake. (Monica Akhtar/The Washington Post) The fabricated story posted to a fictional Denver news outlet just before the election “FBI AGENT SUSPECTED IN HILLARY EMAIL LEAKS FOUND DEAD IN APPARENT MURDER-SUICIDE” got more than 500,000 shares on Facebook. “Pope Francis Shocks World, Endorses Donald Trump for President, Releases Statement” is not remotely true, but one fake-news website reeled in more than 100,000 shares with it. A copycat version of the hoax on Ending the Fed was even more popular, shared more than 900,000 times on Facebook, according to Facebook’s API. Although hoax sites vary in sophistication, a quick tour of the usual suspects makes it clear that you don’t really have to put much thought into the design or functionality of the site — in other words, they can be cheaply made. Horner’s ABC News knockoff is much more rudimentary than the real thing, but looks roughly like a news site: (Image of abcnews.com.co) Others might be cluttered, filled with barely readable prose and, frankly, tough to look at. But a fake-news site does not need you to stay for long. They just need you to click, and they need a way to spread their work. Facebook has been a crucial vehicle for the spread of these fake stories. But it did not hurt that political personalities connected to the Trump campaign were also sharing those stories as if they were real, creating even more of an incentive for fake-news writers to target that audience. “When political personalities have shared the fake-news story,” Carroll said, it expands the reach of that story, and it “validates the source” in the eyes of its potential audience, because “a prominent person has shared it.” [What was fake on the Internet this election: Sean Hannity shares a fake story] Carroll estimated that a fake-news share from within the Trump campaign could earn the lucky hoaxer as much as $10,000 in extra revenue, provided they have taken full advantage of the ad services available to them. That’s a “huge economic incentive to create stories that they want to distribute.” So why are Google and Facebook just taking action against this use of their ad services now? Well, for one thing, those companies profit off the viral sites — legitimate or hoax — that use their services, too. “Google has more of an incentive to make information reliable,” Carroll noted, because Google’s business is based on providing accurate information to people who are looking for it. Facebook, though, “is about attention, not so much intention.” It’s generally good for Facebook’s business when something goes viral on the site, even if it’s not true. [Why Facebook and Google are struggling to purge fake news] In short, each company could “lose revenue if it shuts down a huge number of fake sites,” he said. The announced crackdown on fake-news sites using the companies’ ad services, at least “show an initial willingness to sacrifice some of their own revenue” to address the growing problem of bad information in their networks. There is also the question of how Facebook and Google will determine what is and is not in violation of their rules. Facebook has shown some reluctance in becoming the arbiter of truth. Chief executive Mark Zuckerberg has said that the company is not a “media company,” and he regularly resisted acknowledging its increasing responsibility in the greater media ecosystem online, instead sticking to its longtime assertion that Facebook is just a neutral platform for connecting people to others. Given Facebook’s resistance, Carroll’s suggestion was this: a crowdsourced, open, list of fake-news sites, regularly updated and refined by consensus. If companies such as Google and Facebook agreed to abide by the list, it would provide a way for them to distinguish between “real” and “fake” sites — and identify the many sites that publish a mix of both — for the purposes of enforcing their own policies, without taking on the responsibility of deciding those categories for themselves. It would work similarly to the lists that drive some ad-blocking services. Of course, there’s just one thing. “It’s uncharacteristic of them to adopt a crowdsourced model like this,” Carroll said. And in the bigger picture, not all hoaxers are motivated by the money. Cutting off the revenue of those who make fake news to earn a living will not stop people from sharing stories that are untrue. Read More: Facebook has repeatedly trended fake news since firing its human editors No, John Podesta didn’t drink bodily fluids at a secret Satanist dinner The only true winners of this election are trolls lifestyle the-intersect true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 90+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post. Follow @abbyohlheiser 98 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ after cast’s message to Pence 2 My husband’s family hates how we got together. Can they just get over it already? 3 Mark Zuckerberg outlines Facebook’s ideas to battle fake news 4 Why Trump gets theater completely and utterly wrong 5 Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ lifestyle the-intersect Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
null
null
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store AP November 18, 2016, 11:16 AM Google issues "digital death sentence" to resellers CBS News Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email SAN FRANCISCO — Some of Google’s unwitting users are learning a harsh lesson: If you violate the company’s policies, it can abruptly cut you off from your Gmail account, online photos and other vital digital services. Several people who recently bought Google’s new Pixel phone on behalf of a New Hampshire dealer are now suffering that punishment after the company detected their online purchases and judged they violated its terms of service. Those rules, outlined in a document that few people read closely, forbid the purchase of the Pixel for “commercial” resale. “There isn’t an hour that doesn’t go by that I don’t think about the enormity of what Google has done to me,” said one of the affected resellers, Shmuel Super of Brooklyn, New York. “This is like a digital death sentence.” Sell your phone, lose your account Super and his fellow resellers got into trouble for buying up to five Pixel phones from Google’s online store and having them delivered to New Hampshire for resale. They received $5 for each phone. As of Sunday, some started finding themselves locked out of their Google accounts. Play Video CBSN What to expect from Google's new Pixel phone Google is gearing up for a big event in San Francisco Tuesday, where it expected to announce several new products. The product getting the most h... In a Thursday statement, Google described the resale arrangement as a “scheme” devised by a dealer looking to sell the Pixels at marked-up prices in violation of its policies. Google declined to say how many people were affected by the account lockdown. DansDeals, a consumer-focused website that first reported Google’s crackdown, concluded that more than 200 people had been blocked from their Google accounts after talking to the New Hampshire dealer behind the Pixel buying spree. The Associated Press was unsuccessful in its efforts to identify and interview the dealer. The crackdown may come as a surprise to the hundreds of millions of people who now routinely rely on Google, Facebook, Apple and other tech companies as the caretakers of their digital lives. Few of the people involved in this situation appear to have backed up their data outside of Google. Google said it plans to restore the accounts of customers who it believes were unaware of the rules, although the company didn’t specify how long that might take. Living without Google Once they figured out why they were being locked out, the exiled consumers realized how dependent they had become on Google as the custodian of their digital communications, records and other mementoes. Play Video CBS This Morning Facebook, Google trying to stop spread of fake news People who got election news on Facebook might have been looking at more fake stories than real ones. BuzzFeed reached that surprising conclusion... Some said they couldn’t retrieve confirmation numbers for upcoming flights or notices about an upcoming credit-card payment. Others couldn’t fetch work documents or medical records. Some started getting phone calls from friends, family and colleagues wondering why they weren’t responding to emails. Like other two other people interviewed by the AP, Super said he had no idea that he was violating Google’s policies when he bought the Pixels for the New Hampshire dealer. He can’t believe Google would do something as extreme as locking him out of his account without warning, rather than just banning him from buying its phones in the future. “Google’s slogan is ‘Don’t be evil,’ but to me, there is nothing more evil that what Google has done here,” Super said. Crime and punishment Some of the Pixels purchased for resale were delivered before Google recognized the violations and meted out a punishment spelled out in a separate terms-of-service document . “We may suspend or stop providing our services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct,” Google warns in one section. Google doesn’t give any advance notice before it shuts down an account, and doesn’t make distinctions between minor and major violations. Affected users can appeal for reinstatement, though it’s unclear how long that might take or what criteria Google uses in such cases. Apple also forbids online purchases of iPhones for resale, although its terms of service say only that the company reserves the right to cancel any order suspected of breaking the rule. Daniel Levy, who has been locked out from his Google account since Monday, said he has learned a hard lesson, though not necessarily the one the company intended. “They confiscated my property and shouldn’t be trusted,” said Levy, who lives in Lakewood, New Jersey. “I will never use their services again.” © 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes Stahl: Trump is "more subdued, more serious" President-elect Trump's business plans Donald Trump's message to protesters Donald Trump's first interview on 60 Minutes Magnus Carlsen defends his title as chess champion Play Video The Giving Kitchen: How a restaurant nourishes the soul Play Video Mother Noella, the "Cheese Nun" Play Video The sparkling Christie Brinkley Play Video Bite at the museum Play Video Mike Pence on "Hamilton" cast: "I wasn't offended" Previous Next 33 Photos "Fantastic Beasts" star Eddie Redmayne 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 22 Photos Anti-Trump protests enter second week 24 Photos President Obama's final tour of Europe 34 Photos Supermoon rising Previous Next Most Discussed Donald Trump demands apology from "very rude" "Hamilton" cast Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Mike Pence revamps Trump's transition team, purging lobbyists Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Trump team seeks top secret security clearances for Trump children New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Emirates plane flying from San Francisco to Dubai makes emergency landing in Moscow Society & Culture November 20, 20:30 Putin, Obama have brief conversation on sidelines of APEC summit Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 20, 19:46 Putin arrives at Lima Convention Center to attend final day of APEC summit Business & Economy November 20, 18:57 Orthodoxy and Russia inseparable - Putin Society & Culture November 20, 18:54 Mutko condemns WADA’s seeking to impose its rules on international federations Sport November 20, 18:52 Patriarch Kirill says believes relations between Russia and Ukraine will soon be restored Society & Culture November 20, 16:27 No secret agreements between Syria and Russia - Syrian foreign minister World November 20, 16:08 Russia asks WADA for expert to assist in structuring work of Moscow laboratory Sport November 20, 14:41 Russian senator calls excuse Swiss statement about escorting top-officials planes Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 20, 14:36 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 20.11.2016 19.11.2016 18.11.2016 17.11.2016 16.11.2016 15.11.2016 14.11.2016 ^ News Feed Sections World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news New Google lawsuit against Russian antimonopoly service submitted to court Business & Economy November 18, 19:25 UTC+3 MOSCOW On November 2, the watchdog has reviewed the issue of additional penalties for Google due to the company’s non-compliance with the orders regarding the Android case Share 1 pages in this article © EPA/BORIS ROESSLER MOSCOW, November 18. /TASS/. Google has filed a new lawsuit against the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS), according to the arbitration cases. The complaint was registered on November 18, 2016, by the Arbitration Court of Moscow and is currently under consideration. FAS has not commented on the issue yet, Google declined to comment. However, the American corporation has previously filed lawsuits against all decisions of FAS, except the last two fines for the total amount of 1 mln rubles ($15.408) for the company’s non-compliance with the service’s orders. A source familiar with the situation told TASS that the current claim is against the recent fines for Google. Read also Yandex appeals against rejection for its involvement in Google antimonopoly proceedings Google must comply with regulator's order two weeks after receiving decision — official FAS fines Google for $15,765 for non-compliance with orders Russian watchdog calls to conduct cases against Google and Apple in other BRICS countries Google must comply with orders in full to avoid new penalty — regulator On November 2, FAS has reviewed the issue of additional penalties for Google due to the company’s non-compliance with the orders regarding the Android case and decided to set two fines for the company’s structures for a total amount of $15,408. "FAS Russia Google Inc. and Google Ireland Limited are administratively responsible for non-compliance with orders. The service has set the fine of 500,000 ($7,868) for each company. Earlier FAS refused to extend Google’s deadline for complying with the requirements," FAS said at the time. These were the first fines for the corporation for non-compliance with orders. Earlier, Head of FAS Igor Artemyev told journalists that FAS could fine Google every two weeks if the company delays enforcing regulations of the service. On November 1, the Moscow Arbitration Court adjourned the case of the Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) fine for Google for December 8. Additionally, the Court has decided to review the case behind closed doors. Thus, the court rejected the application of the Russian company Yandex to be involved in the case as a third party. Yandex is going to study the court’s ruling and will decide on the appeal, the company told TASS. The lawyer of the company also talked about the possibility of filing an appeal in court. According to Google representative, the Russian company does not have the right to participate in this case, because it was not granted a victim status under Russia’s Code of Administrative Offences. In September 2015, the Federal Antimonopoly Service ruled that Google Inc. and Google Ireland Ltd. had breached the competition protection law under the complaint of the Russian Internet company Yandex. According to the regulator, Google obliged manufacturers of Android OS-based devices to pre-install its applications together with Android platform. FAS said that Google’s policy restricted installation of applications by other developers. Google did not agree with the ruling and appealed to the court. Google did not agree with FAS decision and appealed to the court. On February 5, 2015, the Court brought Yandex as a third party in the case and decided to hold hearings behind closed doors. On March 14, the Moscow Arbitration Court has dismissed the lawsuit Google filed against Russia’s FAS. In March 2016, the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) initiated administrative proceedings against Google to determine the amount of fine under part 2 article 14.31 of the Russian Code of Administrative Offences. According to the article, in view of the abuse of dominant position on the market of operating systems for mobile devices in Russia, Google as the owner of the Android OS can pay a fine ranging from 1% to 15% of its revenues on the Russian market in 2014. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Companies Google Top News November 20, 11:04 Putin greets Patriarch Kirill on his 70th birthday November 20, 11:04 November 20, 11:08 China, Russia should promote establishment of free trade zone in APR - Xi November 20, 11:08 November 20, 9:22 Russia’s economic line after minister’s dismissal to remain unchanged - view November 20, 9:22 November 20, 9:23 Plane with Kremlin pool reporters arrives in Lima with 1.5-day delay November 20, 9:23 In other media Реклама Photo 18 Russian Arctic, the history of exploration 6 Sales of iPhone 7 officially start in Russia 5 First international flight arrives from Minsk at Moscow's newest airport Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Putin, Obama have brief conversation on sidelines of APEC summit 2 Plane with Kremlin pool reporters arrives in Lima with 1.5-day delay 3 Russian airliner escorting routine procedure for Swiss fighter jets — defense spokesman 4 Orthodoxy and Russia inseparable - Putin 5 Russian expert on accuracy of Kh-101 cruise missiles used against terrorists in Syria 6 Emirates plane flying from San Francisco to Dubai makes emergency landing in Moscow 7 Two suspected accomplices in Oboronservice case to stand trial 1 Putin may meet up with Obama "on the move" at APEC summit in Lima 2 APEC 2016 summit to open in Peru 3 Moscow to respond to Bern’s explanations over Russian airliner - spokeswoman 4 Russian Army to receive missiles with warheads based on new physical principles 5 China, Russia should promote establishment of free trade zone in APR - Xi 6 Turkish president says he is ‘disillusioned’ with US 7 Reserve plane carries parts to fix Il-96-300 stuck in Lisbon 1 Russian forces launch large-scale operation against terrorists in Syria 2 Russia's Tupolev-95MSM bomber delivers first-ever strike on mission to Syria 3 MIG-29 fighter jet crashes into Mediterranean off Syrian coast 4 Russian expert on accuracy of Kh-101 cruise missiles used against terrorists in Syria 5 Russian Army to receive missiles with warheads based on new physical principles 6 Obama calls Russia ‘military superpower,’ important partner 7 Russia declines to ratify International Criminal Court Statute TOP STORIES US presidential election 2016 Conflict in Syria Russia's defense industry Oil & Gas Industry Space programs Реклама News World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2016 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 4K content has started rolling out via Google Play Movies +3,798 Andrew Myrick Nov 18th, 2016 Google has started rolling out 4K content to the Google Play Movies library. This move has been expected for some time, and then was expedited with the release of the new Chromecast Ultra. Now, there are a few movies that are being made available for purchase from the Play Store. As you would expect, the UHD/4K version is fairly pricey, coming in at $24.99, which is almost double the price of the standard HD version. According to one Redditor, movies that have already been purchased can not be upgraded or re-purchased at this time. However, Google has been made aware of the issue and will be working on a fix. We will probably continue to see more content rolled out over the coming weeks, but at least we know Google has started to get the ball rolling. Let us know if you come across any issues or find new content that is being upgraded to 4K on the Play Store. [Reddit] Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (6) stars Further Reading Google Shops are launching in Canada and the UK Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store Android Nougat comes to the Moto Z Droid The Huawei Mate 9 Lite is official Deal: Best Buy is offering $30 off Google Home for Black Friday stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian An entertaining holiday gift guide for techies Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Slain soldier’s family booed Kanye cuts Sac show short Trump U lawsuits settled ‘Touch disease’ woes Bourdain in San Jose Business Wolverton: An entertaining holiday gift guide for techies Tech enthusiasts likely to be thrilled by virtual reality, new videos and games Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Courtesy of Sony Sony’s PlayStation VR virtual reality headset is one of several VR devices that hit the market this year. By Troy Wolverton | twolverton@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: November 18, 2016 at 7:00 am | UPDATED: November 19, 2016 at 6:45 am With the holiday season almost upon us, it’s time to start thinking about what to get those special people in our lives. You know, the tech enthusiasts. There are lots of great tech products out there this year, from smart home devices to drones to new computers to smart watches. But to me, the most exciting products of all — and the ones most likely to thrill your techie — are those in the entertainment category. From virtual reality devices to game consoles to TVs to digital streaming devices, you’ll find all kinds of new and compelling stuff — and might even find a thing or two for yourself. Here are some of the highlights: Virtual reality This has been the year of VR, with several major virtual reality systems and lots of less well-known headsets hitting store shelves For now, the ultimate VR experiences come from Facebook’s Oculus Rift ($600) and HTC’s Vive ($800) headsets. Both offer smooth video, immersive sound and a growing number of VR experiences. While Vive comes with motion sensing hand controllers, you’ll have to order Oculus’ similar Touch controllers ($200) separately. Both headsets also require a high-powered Windows computer — with Vive being even more demanding than Rift — such as Lenovo’s Ideacentre Y700 series (starting at $800). One way to save money: Amazon, Best Buy and other companies are bundling a PC with the headsets at discounted price. But you can get an experience that may be almost as good for a lot less with Sony’s PlayStation VR ($400). Sony’s been courting major developers to make games for its VR headset; you can already get titles from the “Star Wars Battlefront,” “Resident Evil” and “Batman: Arkham” series. If you don’t already have them, you’ll need a PlayStation 4 (starting at $300) and a PlayStation Camera ($60) to use the PlayStation VR. You’ll like also want to get a Move motion controller ($40). If that still sounds too pricey, here is another option. If you have one of the latest Samsung smartphones, you can plug it into the Gear VR headset ($100). Samsung’s VR app creates a stereoscopic effect by dividing the phone’s screen in half, presenting a slighting different image for each eye. Google is offering a similar system called Daydream View ($79) for its new Pixel smartphone (starting at $650). If you’ve got an iPhone or a different Android phone, check out Mattel’s View-Master Deluxe ($30), Homido’s V2 virtual reality headset and the Zeiss VR One Plus ($130). Or go with the cheapest options of all: Google’s Cardboard and related headsets (starting at $9), which are literally made of the same stuff as packing boxes. In addition to playing virtual reality games and seeing professionally edited VR videos, the techies in your life might also want to shoot and view their own videos in their VR headsets. Among the options: Ricoh’s Theta S ($350) and Nikon’s waterproof KeyMission 360 ($500), both of which shoot 360-degree videos. There’s also Samsung’s similar Gear 360 ($350), which is designed to be used with the company’s smartphones, and the LucidCam ($400), which shoots 180-degree stereoscopic videos, giving them a 3D effect. TVs If your techie gets queasy at the thought of strapping on a VR headset, you might want to go old-school and take a look at getting him or her a new TV. Flat-screen televisions have come down dramatically in price in recent years. And even those with some of the latest features are often amazingly affordable. 4K, HDR and OLED are some of the newest technologies in televisions. 4K offers a higher resolution picture, which is really only important on the largest sets. HDR, or high-dynamic range, helps bring out details in bright and shaded areas. It helps improve the picture on sets of all sizes, but it only comes on those that also support 4K. OLED, or organic light-emitting diode, televisions are amazingly thin sets that use a new kind of display technology that offers the best pictures available. You can find HDR sets for as little as $450 for a 40-inch set. The starting price for a 4K HDR 65-inch set — about the size where 4K actually starts to matter — is around $1,200. Expect to pay $2,000 for a 55-inch OLED set, which generally are only available right now from LG. Digital streamers Once your techies have a new 4K HDR TV, they’ll want to watch something on it. Although many come with their own built-in apps, they are often difficult to use and quickly outdated. For something simpler that’s likely to stay useful longer, check out the latest digital streaming devices from Roku and Google. Roku’s digital media players are known for being affordable, easy to use and offering the widest selection of streaming channels available. Its new Premiere ($80) box will stream 4K videos, while its Premiere+ ($100) and Ultra ($130) devices support both 4K and HDR. Google helped shake up the industry three years ago with the Chromecast, a tiny, bargain-priced streamer. The new Chromecast Ultra ($70) is similarly small, but it adds 4K and HDR support. Video games With their latest game systems now three years old and starting to feel dated, Sony and Microsoft recently released upgraded versions. The most notable new feature of both is each supports 4K HDR video and can stream movies and TV shows in that format from sources like Netflix and Amazon. Sony’s PlayStation 4 Pro ($400) is the more impressive upgrade of the two. Sony ramped up the graphics processor in the console from the original PlayStation 4, giving the updated machine the ability to play games that are in 4K resolution. So, if your techie is looking for something to play on his or her new jumbo-sized ultra-high resolution television, the Pro is the way to go. Microsoft’s Xbox One S (starting at $300) doesn’t have the ability to play 4K games, but it does have a trick the PS4 Pro lacks. Unlike Sony’s game gadget, the Xbox One S can play ultra-high definition movies that are stored on 4K Blu-ray discs. It also comes in a version that has two terabytes of storage ($400), double what you get with the PS4 Pro. Nintendo has something to offer its fans too. The company recently released the NES Classic Edition ($60), a miniaturized version of its original game console from 1985. It comes with 30 games pre-installed, including classics like “Donkey Kong,” “Pac-Man,” “Castlevania” and “Super Mario Bros.” Assuming you can get your hands on it — it’s been selling out widely — it’s perfect for older techies with a bit of 80s nostalgia. If your techies are Nintendo enthusiasts of a more recent vintage, you may want to give them a rain check or a gift certificate to their favorite game store. The company is supposed to release a brand new game console called the Switch next spring. Oh, and don’t forget the games. Among the most popular recent or anticipated releases are “Titanfall 2” ($50, for the PS4, Xbox One and PC), “Watch Dogs 2,” (starting at $60 for the PS4, Xbox One and PC)  “Final Fantasy XV” (starting at $60, for the PS4 and Xbox One), Civilization VI ($60, PC and Mac) and “Pokemon Sun” and “Pokemon Moon” ($40 each, both for the Nintendo 3DS). You might also want to check out “Roblox,” a popular app for kids on PCs, smartphones and tablets that offers thousands of mini-games. Tags:  Gift Guide Holidays Personal Technology Tech Files Television Video Games virtual reality Troy Wolverton Troy Wolverton writes the Tech Files column and covers consumer technology as the personal technology columnist for the Bay Aea News Group. Previously, he covered Apple and the consumer electronics industry. Earlier, he reported on technology, business and financial issues for TheStreet.com and CNET News.com. Follow Troy Wolverton https://www.facebook.com/TechFiles.bayareanewsgroup/ Follow Troy Wolverton @troywolv Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Half Moon Bay plane crash victim identified Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames users San Jose: Police arrest gang member suspected of shooting at officers Kawakami: Why the A’s had to move on from the Lew Wolff era Dungeness crab: Where to eat, buy NOW in the Bay Area Bourdain in San Jose: On Trump, Elite Yelpers, craft beer, cupcakes Debate over ‘Hamilton’ speech exposes post-election cracks DUI charges against 19-year-old woman dropped in Moss Landing double fatal crash More in Business Holiday shopping: For department stores in the Bay Area and beyond, the pressure is on November 20, 2016, 3:25 am As department stores in the Bay Area and beyond have struggled under shifts in consumer shopping habits and the increased competition of an online retail world, the pressure is on this holiday season for the retailers to turn themselves around. Mark Zuckerberg shares what Facebook is doing about fake news November 20, 2016, 3:26 am CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Friday responded to criticism that Facebook’s news feed rewarded false stories in the run-up to the U.S. presidential election, including a post that said Donald Trump was endorsed by the Pope. Biz Break: LinkedIn looks locked out in Russia, for now November 18, 2016, 3:25 pm LinkedIn runs afoul of a Russian law requiring data on Russian citizens to be stored on servers in the country. California’s biggest Obamacare insurer not ‘running for the hills’ November 19, 2016, 6:18 am Markovich said he expects the San Francisco-based insurer to lose money on its exchange business this year after posting profits in 2014 and 2015. But he said the insurer isn’t looking to pull out. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 51 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 20, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 20, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 51 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Google rebuffed, South Korean won’t map data By YOUKYUNG LEE The Associated Press First Published Nov 18 2016 09:00AM    •    Last Updated Nov 18 2016 09:00 am Choe Byong-Nam, a director general of South Korea's National Geographic Information Institute, speaks after a meeting at the National Geographic Information Institute in Suwon, South Korea, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. South Korea has rejected Google's request to use local mapping data in the company's global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. (Hong KI-won/Yonhap via AP) Choe Byong-Nam, a director general of South Korea's National Geographic Information Institute, speaks after a meeting at the National Geographic Information Institute in Suwon, South Korea, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. South Korea has rejected Google's request to use local mapping data in the company's global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. (Hong KI-won/Yonhap via AP) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Seoul • South Korea rejected a request by Google to use local mapping data in the company's global maps service in a long-awaited ruling Friday that had divided the country for months. The company said it was disappointed by the decision, which the land ministry said was based on concerns over national security. "We're disappointed by this decision. We've always taken security concerns very seriously and will continue to provide useful map services in compliance with Korea's current map data export regulation," Taj Meadows, a Google spokesperson, said in a statement. The South Korean government said the risks outweighed benefits from exporting the country's mapping data to Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc. VIDEOS TOP JOBS South Korea, facing the overt threat of rival North Korea, bars exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate domestic data servers. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., handles its maps service at data centers outside South Korea. The restrictions have limited the usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since the app cannot offer driving or walking directions. The government had proposed granting permission to Google to use local mapping data for Google Maps if the company would blur sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite map. "Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting (the local mapping data)," said Kim Tong-il, an official at the land ministry. "Google's position is that it won't delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless." South Korea has been divided over the issue since Google filed its request in June. The government extended an August deadline to this month, highlighting disagreements between government ministries. The long-time deliberation reflects growing support for Google within some government ministries that are trying to promote tourism and local firms' overseas businesses. One of the biggest inconveniences that foreign tourists run into in South Korea, which has some of the fastest and cheapest internet access in the world, is the lack of an online mapping service with navigation and directions in foreign languages. Some local businesses and consumers opposed giving Google full access to the local mapping data, saying it would be unfair to local companies that operate local data servers to support their map services. They said Google should build data centers in South Korea instead of seeking an exemption from the rules. Google said earlier that restricting Google Maps in South Korea would be an inconvenience for foreigners visiting the host country of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018. It also argued that restrictions on exporting the local mapping data could hinder efforts of companies to roll out global services using locations data and will deprive local consumers of cutting-edge services.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Exonerated Arizona man shows Utah lawmakers the human face of death row mistakes Op-ed: Should Mormons who voted for Trump get temple recommends? Kirby: My 'little factory,' my business Utah football: Stunning loss to Oregon ends Utes' South Division hopes Monson: Utah betrays itself in upset loss ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The Play Store comes to 4 more Chromebooks +4,775 Andrew Myrick Nov 18th, 2016 Google has been taking awhile in its rollout of the Google Play Store onto Chromebooks. The first Chromebooks saw the update shortly after the official announcement at Google I/O 2016, but more and more devices have been gaining support. Recently, Google has pushed an update to the developer channel for Chrome OS which adds Play Store support for a couple of more Chromebooks. These include the following: Dell Chromebook 13 HP 13 Samsung Chromebook 3 ASUS C301SA Considering that getting the Play Store on your Chromebook requires you to use the developer channel, it’s important to remember there may be bugs and not every application will work flawlessly. So be sure to backup all of your pertinent information in the case of needing to reset your Chromebook back to the Stable channel. [ChromeUnboxed] local_offer    Chrome OS   Chromebooks   Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (31) stars Further Reading Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store The Play Store sees another update Google's battle against Play Store manipulation continues Acer announces the Chromebook 15 for $199 A new Samsung Chromebook has been leaked stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge, others: Beta build 2 released in Europe Google's Android 7.0 Nougat will bring features like Grace UX, multi-window, direct reply notifications and power efficiency. Raymond Ronamai   November 18, 2016 21:15 IST Samsung Galaxy S7Samsung It's just a little more than a week since Samsung started rolling out Android 7.0 Nougat beta programme to the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge (unlocked version) in the United States, United Kingdom and South Korea, now the same beta version has been made available in China. In a move that can be taken as an indication of an early launch of Android 7.0 Nougat, the South Korean technology giant is rolling out the second beta build via OTA (over-the-air) for those who have enrolled in Galaxy Beta Programme in Europe. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge users who have installed the first beta build will automatically receive the second beta build weighing 92MB. Why advertise with us? [READ: Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Moto G4, G4 Plus, Moto Z] Samsung has said that the beta test would conclude in mid-December, which means Android 7.0 Nougat would be released to the public in the second half of December or early next year. The South Korean electronics giant is expected to make Android 7.0 Nougat available to the Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy S7 Active, Galaxy S7 Batman edition, Galaxy S7 Olympic edition, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 edge+, Galaxy S6 Active, Galaxy S6 Ironman edition, and Galaxy S6 Active. Google's new firmware will bring features like Grace UX, multi-window, direct reply notifications, Extra power efficiency, Google Assistant, VR interface, Seamless updates, Data saver, Improved file browser, Instant Apps, bundled notifications, and improved Java 8 language support. Post Comment IBT TV Close Paralysed ALS patient uses computer to speak with her mind Why advertise with us? Latest News Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM 3 hours ago By Rohit KVN Apple iPhone 8 series tipped to boast upgraded dual-lens camera 7 hours ago By Rohit KVN Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular When will Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus get Android 7.0 Nougat update? Motorola has revealed the list of devices that will receive the Android 7.0 Nougat, and it includes Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z on Verizon receive Android Nougat OS update; Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus to follow suit You are in luck if you are a Moto Z and Moto Z Force owner in the US having subscribed to Verizon. Reliance Jio vs RCom: Unlimited calls, free national roaming, 4G data bundles drive competition RCom and Jio have started a tough war in the telecom industry. Android 7.0 Nougat development for Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Tab S2 begins Samsung will end the beta test of Android 7.0 Nougat by mid-December, hinting its official roll out would begin soon. HP tipped to launch new Windows 10 handset with Microsoft Lumia phone features Microsoft is reportedly to offering Nokia Lumia's display and camera technology to build HP's new Windows 10 Mobile OS-powered phone. Pokemon Go Gen 2 rumored to surface on December 7 An employee of Starbucks is rumoured to have leaked an internal memo that contains references to the release date of Pokemon Go Gen 2. Mark your calendar to officially witness Nokia Android phones in 2017 The new smartphones would be Android powered devices, which would be a first for Nokia as a brand. Lenovo to launch K6 series in India soon, hints teaser Lenovo is expected to either launch K6 Power or K6 Note in India in coming weeks. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
null
null
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 20, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Five most important search marketing news stories of the week Industry Mobile More News Social 18 Nov 16 | Rebecca Sentance Facebook0 Linkedin18 Google+4 Twitter 22 Welcome to our weekly round-up of all the latest news and research from the world of search marketing and beyond. This week, both LinkedIn and Facebook are beefing up their paid social offerings in different ways, while Google seeks to cut off Adwords revenues for fake news sites. And might Google be favouring desktop over its own AMP in its upcoming mobile-first index? Facebook launches analytics for Messenger chatbots On Monday, Facebook announced that it will be extending its Facebook Analytics for Apps tool to Messenger, so that early adopters of chatbots will be able to track the response to them via analytics. Al Roberts reported for Search Engine Watch’s sister site, ClickZ, that brands who have built chatbots using Facebook’s Messenger Platform will have access to a variety of metrics without needing to add additional code. These will include messages sent, messages received, user blocks and unblocks.   Roberts considered whether analytics could be the key to the success of chatbots by allowing brands to see exactly where their interactions with users are falling short. LinkedIn Sponsored InMail goes self-serve LinkedIn Sponsored InMail, which allows marketers to send promotional messages to the InMail inboxes of LinkedIn users, has been opened up to self-service advertising campaigns. Brands who wanted to use Sponsored InMail to advertise were previously required to go through a LinkedIn Account Representative. But as of last week, they can do it all themselves through the LinkedIn Campaign manager. Al Roberts reported on ClickZ that, “Marketers can target their Sponsored InMail messages by filters such as location, company, industry, title, skills and education, and to set a call-to-action that is displayed prominently in the message. LinkedIn handles all of the formatting to ensure that Sponsored InMail messages look good on desktop and mobile, and provides marketers with a variety of analytics data, such as opens and clicks. The popular professional social network also offers marketers the ability to A/B test variations of their content.” Mobile advertising accounts for nearly half of digital ad spend—but what does that mean for fraud? Search Engine Watch’s resident mobile expert Andy Favell reported this week that mobile advertising now accounts for nearly half of digital ad spend—but it comes at a price. Favell takes an in-depth look at the phenomenon of mobile ad fraud, including how it works, how widespread it really is, and why it’s currently on the rise. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin18 Google+4 Twitter 22 Related articles What's the best way to use hashtags on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram? Mobile ad fraud: how agencies and advertisers can spot, combat and kill it Product reviewing: how to utilise digital influencers The future of advertising is mobile Google prevents fake news sites from serving ads through AdSense In the wake of the US presidential election, a lot of attention has been drawn to the issue of fake news on websites like Facebook and Google, and the role that they might have played in spreading misinformation prior to the vote. Search Engine Journal reported on Tuesday that Google has taken concrete action around the problem by preventing fake news sites from serving ads through AdSense. Google’s official documentation now states: “Users don’t want to be misled by the content they engage with online. For this reason, Google ads may not be placed on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about you, your content or the primary purpose of your web property.” While the changes won’t prevent fake news sites from showing up in search results, it does cut off a source of the ad revenue that the websites rely on to make money. Facebook took similar steps this week by updating its advertising guidelines to exclude fake news sites from generating revenue from Facebook Audience Network, after it was revealed that “fakebait” sites were bringing in tens of thousands of dollars in ad revenue through Facebook. Google’s mobile-first index opts for desktop over AMP… we think One of the biggest upcoming changes to search in the next few months will undoubtedly be Google splitting its index between mobile and desktop. SEOs have been gearing up for the change ever since Google announced it in October, but there has been some confusion over how Google will treat sites which have an Accelerated Mobile Pages, or AMP, version versus a regular mobile site. This week, The SEM Post covered a surprising revelation: when a site has a desktop version and an AMP version with no other mobile version of the site, Google will index the desktop version. For its mobile-first index. So @maileohye confirmed that in a situation where there is desktop and AMP, Google will index desktop for mobile first. #StateofSearch — Jennifer Slegg (@jenstar) November 14, 2016 This information appeared to contradict a previous tweet by Google’s Gary Illyes, who had said that AMP would be evaluated for organic in the new index model: @AlanBleiweiss AMP is mobile friendly, so amp — Gary Illyes (@methode) November 13, 2016 Barry Schwartz of Search Engine Roundtable went back to Illyes to confirm the new information, and Illyes clarified: @rustybrick @maileohye @AlanBleiweiss yeah. I should've said that if you make the amps your pages' mobile version, then amps would be picked — Gary Illyes (@methode) November 16, 2016 @rustybrick @maileohye @AlanBleiweiss but with the default amp setup desktop is picked. I dunno of any site that has only desktop+amp tho — Gary Illyes (@methode) November 16, 2016 So yes, that clears things up 100% with no ambiguity whatsoever. If you have an AMP version of your site (but no other mobile version) and make it the mobile version of your site, mobile-first will index AMP, but with the default setup, mobile-first will index desktop. But if you have only AMP with no other version of your site (including desktop), per Slegg’s original article, then the mobile-first index will index AMP. And presumably so will the desktop index, as there isn’t any other version of the site to index. Got it. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading Ad fraud: mobile advertising accounts for nearly half of digital spend, but it comes at a price US Advertisers are spending US $2.6 billion on mobile ads each month, $0.4 billion in the UK, they understandably want to know that their ads are seen by real people, not robots, ideally the people most relevant to their ad message. Mobile 16 Nov 16 | Andy Favell Nine mobile trends to help you stand out in 2017 and beyond The way we ask for information is changing. The way we optimise must change too. Industry Mobile SEO 15 Nov 16 | Gerald Murphy How to minimise the interaction cost of your web forms Completing a web form online takes time and effort. This effort can be minimised by structuring the form well, and giving it a flow which will make it easier for customers. Development Industry 15 Nov 16 | Graham Charlton 10 ideas to market and monetize your digital book or whitepaper Are you planning to create a digital guide for your customers? Or a downloadable checklist or a whitepaper? More News 14 Nov 16 | Ann Smarty Tags AdWords | AMP | Facebook | fake news | Google | LinkedIn | news | paid social | search marketing Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business The important news that we have all been waiting for, Google has finally announced mobile-first indexing. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/11/18/five-most-important-search-marketing-news-stories-of-the-week-12/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
null
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Publishing Book Biz Reviews Resources Bookselling Search Search Publishing Book Biz Reviews Resources Bookselling About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved James Welch Gets a Google Doodle for His 76th Birthday Advertisement NEXT:BBC Radio 1 Releases a Wizarding World Documentary PREVIOUS:Fantastic Beasts Book is Now Available Authors | Digital James Welch Gets a Google Doodle for His 76th Birthday By Maryann Yin on Nov. 18, 2016 - 10:35 AMComment   Google has created a Doodle to celebrate the renowned Native American writer, James Welch. This year would’ve been his 76th birthday. Here’s more from the Google Doodle website: “Thirty years ago, Welch published his best known work, Fools Crow, the story of the Blackfeet people during the period of post-civil war encroachment by Europeans. In this award-winning novel, the Blackfeet seek to continue traditional ways, and to avoid both contact and conflict. As a whole, Welch’s works emphasized the humanity of native peoples and their deep attachment to their homelands.” In the past, Google has crafted Doodles in honor of journalist Jane Jacobs, fairy tale writer Charles Perrault, and War & Peace novelist Leo Tolstoy. Here’s a video from Google headquarters spotlighting the artists behind the doodles. Which authors would you suggest as future Doodle subjects? < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get GalleyCat delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Editorial Operations Manager – Client Accounts Thomas Publishing New York City, New York (US) Associate Acquisitions Editor, Content Acquisition Sounds True Louisville, Colorado Digital Director Lambda Legal New York City, New York Marketing Communications Specialist Proveris Scientific Marlborough, MA PR Account Executive The Baddish Group New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple may bring Siri to iMessage BI Intelligence Nov. 18, 2016, 10:10 AM 1,345 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also CHATBOTS EXPLAINED: Why businesses should be paying attention to the chatbot revolution MESSAGING APPS FOR PUBLISHERS REPORT: Why chat apps are now crucial for publishers Here's what a Trump presidency means for mobile apps and platforms This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Apple filed a patent last year to integrate Siri with its iMessage platform for iOS devices, TechCrunch reported. The voice-based virtual assistant would be able to conduct activities like making payments, scheduling appointments, and providing weather updates within a chat in the iMessage application. The patent filing clearly indicates that Apple has been working on bringing chatbots and other messaging app functions to iMessage. The patent provided an example of how the assistant could schedule meetings by scanning the calendars of everyone involved in a group chat, finding times when they are available, and then allowing everyone to vote on the best time slot within the chat. It could also conduct a person-to-person payment by scanning for applications on the user’s phone that can conduct the transaction, like Square Cash or Venmo, and then allow the user make a selection with a tap. The patent also describes how the company would ensure data security and privacy during interactions using Siri within iMessage. For instance, users could opt in or out of sharing any personal or device data with others, including businesses, much like iOS users can opt in or out of sharing ad-tracking data in iOS settings. The patent also states that companies would need informed consent from users before collecting such data. These measures indicate that Apple is already considering how brands could interact with consumers through iMessage via chatbots. The patent suggests that Apple is working to turn iMessage into a full-fledged messaging app that can compete with Facebook Messenger, Google Allo, and others. Such full-fledged messaging services with chatbots and voice-command capabilities are set to become a competitive feature for high-end smartphones. Google heavily emphasized the capabilities of its “smart” messaging app, Allo, when it unveiled its Pixel smartphone earlier this year. The Allo app will be available for other Android devices as well, although Google Assistant, Google’s new Siri competitor, will be available only on the Pixel phone for now. Additionally, Samsung will reportedly include its own proprietary voice-based virtual assistant in the S8, the next generation of its flagship handset. Apple will have to compete against popular apps like Facebook Messenger to gain user and brand engagement with a full-fledged messaging platform. Advancements in artificial intelligence, coupled with the proliferation of messaging apps, are fueling the development of chatbots — software programs that use messaging as the interface through which to carry out any number of tasks, from scheduling a meeting, to reporting weather, to helping users buy a pair of shoes.  Foreseeing immense potential, businesses are starting to invest heavily in the burgeoning bot economy. A number of brands and publishers have already deployed bots on messaging and collaboration channels, including HP, 1-800-Flowers, and CNN. While the bot revolution is still in the early phase, many believe 2016 will be the year these conversational interactions take off. Laurie Beaver, research associate for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on chatbots that explores the growing and disruptive bot landscape by investigating what bots are, how businesses are leveraging them, and where they will have the biggest impact. The report outlines the burgeoning bot ecosystem by segment, looks at companies that offer bot-enabling technology, distribution channels, and some of the key third-party bots already on offer. The report also forecasts the potential annual savings that businesses could realize if chatbots replace some of their customer service and sales reps. Finally, it compares the potential of chatbot monetization on a platform like Facebook Messenger against the iOS App Store and Google Play store. Here are some of the key takeaways: AI has reached a stage in which chatbots can have increasingly engaging and human conversations, allowing businesses to leverage the inexpensive and wide-reaching technology to engage with more consumers. Chatbots are particularly well suited for mobile — perhaps more so than apps. Messaging is at the heart of the mobile experience, as the rapid adoption of chat apps demonstrates. The chatbot ecosystem is already robust, encompassing many different third-party chat bots, native bots, distribution channels, and enabling technology companies.  Chatbots could be lucrative for messaging apps and the developers who build bots for these platforms, similar to how app stores have developed into moneymaking ecosystems.   In full, the report: Breaks down the pros and cons of chatbots. Explains the different ways businesses can access, utilize, and distribute content via chatbots. Forecasts the potential impact chatbots could have for businesses. Looks at the potential barriers that could limit the growth, adoption, and use of chatbots. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of chatbots. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Apps and Platforms Mobile Chatbots Messaging apps facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple may bring Siri to iMessage Apple may bring Siri to iMessage This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Google's Addictive New App Makes an A.I. Guess What You're Doodling Share Rudie Obias filed under: technology Like us on Facebook Recently, Google released a group of new online artificial-intelligence experiments powered by its cloud services, but one stands out more than the others. Quick, Draw! is a new game that guesses your drawings, no matter how crude, within a 20-second time limit, CNET reports. Here’s how it works: Once you start the challenge, Google will tell you to draw something using your mouse on desktop or finger on mobile. Similar to charades or Pictionary, you have 20 seconds to draw it, and Google's A.I. will try its best to figure it out while tossing out possible answers using its advanced neural network technology. In fact, it uses the same handwriting technology as Google Translate. The game learns from its mistakes and tries to improve its recognition skills with each round. Items drawn can be simple like a paperclip or more intricate like a hospital, police car, or fireplace. After playing for one round, I drew four correct items out of six, as Google’s A.I. had trouble figuring out my shovel and fireplace (or I just need to do a better job drawing them). When my drawings were incomprehensible, it chimed in with "I have no clue what you're drawing. Sorry I couldn't guess it." before it moved on to the next item to draw. Quick, Draw! is similar to Draw Something, but you’re playing with a computer instead of a friend. It’s very addicting and a good way to kill your work productivity. [h/t CNET] Images: Google More from mental_floss...  Every Item in Nickelodeon's 1992 Time Capsule  The Pig Latins of 11 Other Languages  12 Lonely Negative Words  10 Memorable Dr. Seuss Quotes for His Birthday November 18, 2016 - 9:30am Share Rudie Obias rudie_obias Rudie Obias lives in Brooklyn, New York. He's a freelance writer interested in cinema, pop culture, science fiction, and web culture. His work can be found at ShockYa.com, MoviePilot.com, UPROXX, io9, ScreenRant.com, Giantfreakinrobot.com, and, of course, Mental Floss. He is also a Co-Working Evangelist for Bat Haus Co-Working in Brooklyn. View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss Police Sketches of 5 Literary Characters Based on Their Book Descriptions The World's Countries Swapped According to Their Population Here’s One Way You May Not Realize Airlines Are Scamming You POPULAR ON mental_floss What Causes “Old Person Smell”? The Most Frequently Used Word on Each Country's Wikipedia Page Just How Logical Are You? Try This Test POPULAR ON mental_floss An Abandoned Chinese Village Is Now Gorgeously Overgrown With Ivy 15 Things You Might Not Know About ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest’ You Need to See This Weekend's Top Amazon Deals POPULAR ON mental_floss Oral History: In 1985 Mr. Snuffleupagus Shocked 'Sesame Street' Click the Only... Brutal Letter Written By John Lennon to Paul McCartney Post-Breakup Goes to Auction POPULAR ON mental_floss A More Accurate World Map Wins Prestigious Japanese Design Award The Other Gettysburg Address You Probably Haven't Heard Of 11 Revealing Secrets of Dermatologists POPULAR ON mental_floss How a Real Quaker Perfectly Shut Down an Overzealous Quaker Oats Lawyer 11 Products Where Generic Is Just as Good as Name Brand Amazon Keeps Rolling Out Black Friday Week Deals Today NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
As.com cerrar Spain España América Chile Colombia México USA English Real Madrid Barcelona At. Madrid Football Other Sports Opinion Search Search Close Close Sign in Sign up Sign in Sign up Search Search Today's topics Murray-Djokovic Atletico-Real Madrid Cristiano Zidane Simeone Sergio Ramos Barcelona-Málaga Piqué Ronaldo James Guardiola on Piqué Casillas Manchester United Cricket Morata LaLiga 2016/17 Sightrunning Madrid Real Madrid Barcelona At. Madrid Football Other Sports Opinion Liga Copa del Rey Champion League Liga Europa World Cup 2018 Sporting ordered to close sector following racist chanting You're reading The Madrid derby is split across world Google searches Benzema set for Madrid derby Football Liga Copa del Rey Champion League Liga Europa Euro 2016 Menu More El Derbi ATLÉTICO MADRID - REAL MADRID Atlético Madrid Griezmann Simeone Real Madrid Cristiano Zidane ATLÉTICO - REAL MADRID The Madrid derby is split across world Google searches According to Google Trends, searches over the week leading up to the Madrid derby have shown a world divided east and west in terms of how they look for team info. Jaime Candil Follow 18 November 2016 14:04h CET Google is on fire ahead of the derby between Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid. Users from all over the world are looking for information about the game and as Google is the search beast that we know it to be, it gave us the opportunity to delve into geographical preferences. The analysis is ove the past seven days and Zidane's team is represented in blue in all graphs, with Simeone’s in red.   Searches in Spain for Real Madrid (blue) and Atlético Madrid (red). There’s no doubting that Real Madrid are the undisputed leader in searches within Spain. Google assigns a value between 0 and 100 according to relavance and in this Real Madrid receive a score of 50 against Atlético’s 30. However, it is striking that there has been more association between the terms 'Dybala' and ' Real Madrid' than between 'Derbi 'and' Real Madrid '. Similarly, the names of 'Prodan' (a Romanian player for the club who recently died) and 'Banega' have been associated more with Atlético in the last week than the Madrid 'Derbi'. Searches across the world Real Madrid (blue) and Atlético Madrid (red). At a global level, there is a clear white, or in this case blue, dominance. With a score of 66 points against 17 the popularity of the rojiblancos is significantly behind. It’s worth noting though that these terms were related to the clubs and not specific to the derby. Searches in Spain by region for Real Madrid (blue) and Atlético Madrid (red). Breaking down the geographical distribution, Real Madrid is the clear leader in all Spanish regions with the Community of Madrid, Castilla la Mancha, Castilla and León and Extremadura, the areas where highest volume of information is sought on both teams. Searches across the world by region for Real Madrid (blue) and Atlético Madrid (red). Internationally, when individual regions and countries are assessed, the place with the most relevance for both teams is Chad, a score of 100 for each, followed by Guinea, with 78 for Real Madrid and 51 for the rojiblancos. Widening the parameters howeever shows that the western part of the globe as we know it is dominated by Real Madrid (America is a blanket of white), while the eastern side is mostly Atlético, except for India (where the rojiblancos have a linked team, Atlético Of Calcutta) and Oceania. In summary, when it comes to online searches, Real Madrid domintaes their neighbours both nationally and globally but, and this could be interesting for the future, the east is where Atlético have some real focus. Roberto Carlos: "Losing the derby feels like losing the World Cup" Griezmann: Atlético Madrid star's special-edition derby boots Derby ref Borbalán has sent off eight Real Madrid players Athletic lockdown Lezama ahead of Sunday's derby More about…: Derby Paulo Dybala Zinedine Zidane Simeone Éver Banega Football matches Real Madrid Google Atlético Madrid Search engines Alphabet Football Teams Competitions Internet Sports Enterprises Economy Telecommunications Communications Most read 1 English Cristiano bags treble as Real earn statement win at Atleti 2 English Barcelona fall flat in front of goal against resolute Malaga 3 English Simeone: 'We were fine up to the penalty...' More news AS Recommends LALIGA La Liga Santander predictions: week 12 Atlético Madrid - Real Madrid Sightrunning Madrid: from the Bernabéu to the Calderón ATLÉTICO 0 - 3 REAL MADRID Cristiano with 18 goals passes Di Stéfano as record scorer in derby ATLÉTICO - REAL MADRID Oblak on a five-game run of conceding goals ATLÉTICO MADRID - REAL MADRID Koke and Lucas Vázquez, key cogs in the derby wheels CHAMPIONS LEAGUE ASIA Jeonbuk have edge over Al Ain in AFC Champions League final MAN UTD 1 - 1 ARSENAL Giroud steals point for Wenger after Mata gives Mourinho lead 0 Comments Rules For commenting You must be Signed up and logged in. Forgot your password? Log in Sign up Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ MSN View 0 comments You might be interested... CARGANDO MÁS NOTICIAS En Football International editions AS America AS Chile AS Colombia AS Mexico AS English Apps AS TriviAS American Cup La Liga Guide AS Color Match Day Follow us Twitter Facebook Google + Contact Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Advertising General Subscriber Conditions © DIARIO AS, S.L. - Valentín Beato, 44 - 28037 Madrid [España] - Tel. 91 375 25 00
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google DeepMind Gives Computer ‘Dreams’ to Improve Learning Bloomberg 2 days ago Jeremy Kahn © Bloomberg Demis Hassabis, chief executive officer and co-founder of DeepMind Technologies Ltd., speaks during an event at Google's Kings Cross office in London, U.K., on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Androids may not, as science fiction writer Philip Dick once posited, dream of electric sheep. But the newest artificial intelligence system from Google’s DeepMind division does indeed dream, metaphorically at least, about finding apples in a maze. Researchers at DeepMind wrote in a paper published online Thursday that they had achieved a leap in the speed and performance of a machine learning system. It was accomplished by, among other things, imbuing technology with attributes that function in a way similar to how animals are thought to dream. Popular Searches Kohl's Corp KSS ▲ 54.57 +0.06 +0.11% Pfizer Inc PFE ▼ 31.48 -0.25 -0.79% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 760.16 +3.76 +0.50% Singapore Airlines Ltd SINGY ▼ 13.57 -0.44 -3.11% The paper explains how DeepMind’s new system -- named Unsupervised Reinforcement and Auxiliary Learning agent, or Unreal -- learned to master a three-dimensional maze game called Labyrinth 10 times faster than the existing best AI software. It can now play the game at 87 percent the performance of expert human players, the DeepMind researchers said. "Our agent is far quicker to train, and requires a lot less experience from the world to train, making it much more data efficient," DeepMind researchers Max Jaderberg and Volodymyr Mnih jointly wrote via e-mail. They said Unreal would allow DeepMind’s researchers to experiment with new ideas much faster because of the reduced time it takes to train the system. DeepMind has already seen its AI products achieve highly respected results teaching itself to play video games, notably the retro Atari title Breakout. Apple Maze Labyrinth is a game environment that DeepMind developed, loosely based on the design style used by the popular video game series Quake. It involves a machine having to navigate routes through a maze, scoring points by collecting apples. This style of game is an important area for artificial intelligence research because the chance to score points in the game, and thus reinforce "positive" behaviors, occurs less frequently than in some other games. Additionally, the software has only partial knowledge of the maze’s layout at any one time. One way the researchers achieved their results was by having Unreal replay its own past attempts at the game, focusing especially on situations in which it had scored points before. The researchers equated this in their paper to the way "animals dream about positively or negatively rewarding events more frequently." The researchers also helped the system learn faster by asking it to maximize several different criteria at once, not simply its overall score in the game. One of these criterion had to do with how much it could make its visual environment change by performing various actions. "The emphasis is on learning how your actions affect what you will see," Jaderberg and Mnih said. They said this was also similar to the way newborn babies learn to control their environment to gain rewards -- like increased exposure to visual stimuli, such as a shiny or colorful object, they find pleasurable or interesting. Jaderberg and Mnih, who are among seven scientists who worked on the paper, said it was "too early to talk about real-world applications" of Unreal or similar systems. Gaming Champions Mastering games, from Chess to trivia contests like the U.S. gameshow Jeopardy!, have long served as important milestones in artificial intelligence research. DeepMind achieved what is considered a major breakthrough in the field earlier this year when its AlphaGo software beat one of the world’s reigning champions in the ancient strategy game Go.  Earlier this month DeepMind announced the creation of an interface that will open Blizzard Entertainment Inc’s science fiction video game Starcraft II to machine learning software. Starcraft is considered one of the next milestones for AI researchers to conquer because many aspects of the game approximate "the messiness of the real world," according to DeepMind researcher Oriol Vinyals. Unreal is expected to help DeepMind master the mechanics of that game. Improved Performance DeepMind’s Unreal system also mastered 57 vintage Atari games, such as Breakout, much faster -- and achieved higher scores -- than the company’s existing software. The researchers said Unreal could play these games on average 880 percent better than top human players, compared to 853 percent for DeepMind’s older AI agent.  But on the most complex Atari games, such as Montezuma’s Revenge, Jaderberg and Mnih said the new system made bigger leaps in performance. On this game, they said, the prior AI system scored zero points, while Unreal achieved 3,000 -- greater than 50 percent of an expert human’s best effort. To contact the reporter on this story: Jeremy Kahn in London at jkahn21@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Nate Lanxon at nlanxon@bloomberg.net, Molly Schuetz ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home More in Money 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 18 GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 AT&T customers can now send SMS text messages via an Amazon Echo Ben Schoon - 2 days ago @NexusBen AT&T amazon echo Alexa View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Even though Google Home has been released, it hasn’t taken much attention away from Amazon’s popular Echo devices. The Amazon Echo and Echo Dot both bring a lot to the table, in many ways more so than Google Home does at this point. Many of the Echo’s popular features are enabled by “Skills,” best described as third-party plugins. Now AT&T has released its own Alexa skill, enabling customers to send texts via an Echo. The premise here is relatively simple, need to send a text message quickly or when your phone isn’t nearly? Simply use your voice and an Echo. Saying “Alexa, ask AT&T to text [name]” will prompt the assistant to dictate your text message and then send it to the appropriate contact. The catch, though, is that this is a pretty limited service. You’ll have to pre-program the contacts you want to send messages to through the Alexa app and you’ll be limited to only ten different contacts. AT&T’s “Send Message” skill is available now through the Amazon Alexa app and works with the Echo and Echo Dot. Hopefully, we’ll see something like this hit Google Home once “Actions on Google” is opened to developers. Jeff Bradley, senior vice president of Device and Network Services Marketing for AT&T had the following to say about the skill. Amazon Echo is ahead of the curve in terms of voice recognition technology and functionality. AT&T is the first carrier to bring this unique skill to a product already known for innovation. We’re always working to bring simple solutions for our customers to stay in touch. In the tradition of NumberSync, another solution that was introduced at AT&T first, the Send Message Skill gives our customers another easy and convenient way to communicate. Guides AT&T View THe Guide amazon echo View THe Guide Alexa View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Google Google Pixel Google backtracks after banning 200 users for trying to resell Pixel smartphones Google suspended multiple users for buying Pixel phones and reselling them to a dealer in New Hampshire. By Mary-Ann Russon November 18, 2016 13:46 GMT Over 200 users briefly had their Google accounts suspended for buying Pixel smartphones with the intent to resell them for profit, but some users have managed to get Google to relent Google Google has relented after banning hundreds of people from accessing their Google accounts because they purchased Pixel smartphones from Google's online store and then resold them to a company in New Hampshire for a profit. The issue was first highlighted on US money-saving site DansDeals.com on 16 November after the forum received complaints from over 20 users saying that their accounts were suspended by Google. The one thing all the users had in common was that they had agreed to help a smartphone reseller located in New Hampshire gain access to Pixel smartphones by purchasing them from Google's online store at the full retail price and then requesting that Google ship the devices to the dealer. Some users bought one phone, while others bought a maximum of five devices using their accounts. Since there is no sales tax in the state of New Hampshire, the dealer would then split the savings made from not paying sales tax with the users that agreed to help. According to Dansdeals.com, the dealer had ordered thousands of smartphones from Google in this manner over the years, going right back to the first Nexus phone, and there was never a problem. Unfortunately, it turns out that this practice actually does violate Google's terms and conditions, because the products sold on the online store are actually only meant to be bought for personal use or to be given as a gift, and cannot be commercially resold. Due to this, Google ended up banning over 200 users in bulk from accessing their accounts, meaning that they no longer have access to their email, photos, documents or any other services linked to their Google accounts, and the internet giant also cancelled about 500 orders that listed the delivery address of the dealer as New Hampshire. Many of these users complained on the DansDeals forum that they had been unaware they were violating Google's terms of service, adding that they were petitioning Google to at least let them have access to their data, which was now stuck in an account they could no longer access. IBTimes UK contacted Google to ask whether it would consider unbanning the users, and a spokesperson told us: "We identified a scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a reseller, who then marked-up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers. We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project Fi or the Google Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. "Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this scheme, but since some customers were not aware of these Terms of Sale and are now locked out of many Google services they rely on, we're restoring access to these customers' accounts." DansDeals.com has confirmed that its users have now had their accounts reactivated. This is good, but the important message to learn from this situation is that users must respect Google's terms and conditions, even if they don't agree with them, otherwise they risk losing access to all the valuable data they have stored in Google's many digital services. Read more about Google on IBTimes UK: Five most outrageous fake US election news stories promoted by Facebook and Google Google to ban fake news websites from using its advertising network AdSense Hacked in 60 seconds: Google's new Pixel phone cracked by Chinese team Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close EmDrive: What is it and how could it change the world? Columnists Philip Davies MP “International Men's Day: Some issues affect men more than women - why is that hard to accept? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. Mark Zuckerberg explains how Facebook plans to tackle fake news amid growing backlash 'The bottom line is: we take misinformation seriously,' Zuckerberg said. Blizzard cancels Overwatch's graphic novel 'First Strike' Lead writer Michael Chu said the team decided to 'take the story in a different direction'. 3 million low-cost Android phones found with secret rootkit, vulnerable to remote hijack attacks This is the second time in the span of a week that security researchers have sounded an alarm about Android phones with... Video game news round-up: Legend of Zelda delay, Sombra arrives in Overwatch and Super Mario Run Your guide to the week's biggest video game news stories. Three Mobile confirms personal data of over 133,000 customers compromised in massive breach The company said no financial information was accessed in the breach. Trump's pick for CIA director views encryption 'a red flag' and wanted Snowden executed US Congressman Mike Pompeo has accepted the offer to head the CIA under Trump's presidency. Facebook authorises $6bn stock buyback amid fake news debacle The social media giant's accounting chief Jas Athwal will leave the firm after 9 years of service. US government 'deeply concerned' about Russia's decision to block access to LinkedIn The US says the decision could set 'a troubling precedent' to shut down any site containing Russian user data. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel announces intention to stand for fourth term About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 6° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech Google Pixel - Selling your phone online? You really should be careful Google Pixel - Selling your phone online? You really should be careful GOOGLE has suspended hundreds of accounts after Pixel phone owners tried to resell their smartphones to take advantage of a loophole in the US sales tax, reports suggest. By Aaron Brown Aaron Brown PUBLISHED: 11:46, Fri, Nov 18, 2016 | UPDATED: 11:59, Fri, Nov 18, 2016 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERSGoogle Pixel owners were blocked from Google services Google has suspended the accounts of hundreds of Google Pixel owners. The account holders are believed to have taken advantage of a loophole in US sales tax to make a small profit on the hugely-popular Pixel smartphones. The Google customers had bought the Pixel phones from the US search firm's Project Fi mobile carrier – and had had them shipped directly to a reseller in New Hampshire, a state with no sales tax. In return for the Pixel phones, the reseller split the profit with the customers. According to The Guardian, this arrangement with the reseller was against Google’s terms of service. Google Pixel – In Pictures Thu, October 20, 2016 The Google Pixel and larger Pixel XL both feature stunning screens, fast processors, top-notch cameras and a ridiculously high price tag Play slideshow EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS 1 of 18 Google’s Pixel smartphone boasts a stunning screen, fast processor, top-notch camera and a ridiculously high price-tag Google states that customers "may only purchase Devices for your personal use [and] may not commercially resell any Device". The banned Google accounts were spotted by US money-saving site Dan’s Deals, which saw an increase in the number of forum members complaining about Google deactivating their accounts. Those who bought the Pixel phones have purportedly had their access to the Google Play Store revoked. Google has suspended their Google Accounts, leaving users unable to access their email, photographs, documents, movies, and anything else linked to the online identity. One user claimed an account that had not been used to buy a Pixel phone was suspended – simply because it was listed as a back-up address for an account that had. Daniel Eleff, the owner of the website Dan’s Deals, posted online: "I’m not defending those who violated the terms of the sale, but I do think it is heavy handed for Google to block access to all of their services for doing so. "Was violating Google’s phone resale policy really worthy of an effective digital death penalty?" Express.co.uk was incredibly impressed with the Google Pixel – the first smartphone designed and made by the Us search firm. "Google’s first phone is friendly enough to make feel anyone at home with Android," we wrote earlier this year. EXPRESS NEWSPAPERSIn return for the Pixel phones, the reseller split the profit with the customers "From its great camera, free back-up, and helpful assistant – everything about the Pixel tries to make your life easier. "But for all its great features, the Pixel has got some issues. "The design is slightly dull, it’s not water resistant and there’s no expandable memory. "It’s also massively expensive, especially if you go all out and buy the £819 Pixel XL with 128GB of memory." The news of these bans comes as a Chinese team of hackers managed to crack the Pixel phone in a jaw-dropping 60 seconds. Hijacking the smartphone earned the team a cash prize of $120,000 – some £95,670 converted. Related articles The Grand Tour - How to watch the entire first season for FREE Google Earth Virtual Reality now live on HTC Vive After Facebook ruined WhatsApp, there's finally some good news Google Latest videos X Factor 2016: Did Honey G top the phone vote for the first time ever? Sheridan Smith is that you? Star unveils shocking transformation on movie set ‘She signed Lisbon Treaty' Queen accused of BETRAYING British people by ranting LBC caller WATCH: UFO filmed tailing general's helicopter during Turkish army’s failed takeover bid 'Absolutely brilliant!' Kate Bush thrills fans as she gives first interview in FIVE YEARS Black friday 2016 UK - Argos slashes the price of hundreds of toys and games Watch Middlesbrough v Chelsea - How to stream Premier League match online Watch Leeds United v Newcastle United - How to stream Championship match online Samsung Galaxy S8 could be the FASTEST Android smartphone ever MacBook Pro 2016 with Touch Bar review - Apple's greatest laptop will not please everyone Watch Ireland v New Zealand - how to stream rugby Autumn International online Black Friday 2016 UK - Argos launches new deals on 4K TVs, smartphones, Beats by Dre, MORE Samsung Galaxy S7 - Samsung phones are EXPLODING again, says disgruntled owner Watch Man United vs Arsenal - How to stream Premier League match at Old Trafford online Watch England v Fiji - how to stream rugby Autumn International online Black friday 2016 UK - Argos slashes the price of hundreds of toys and games Watch Middlesbrough v Chelsea - How to stream Premier League match online Watch Leeds United v Newcastle United - How to stream Championship match online Samsung Galaxy S8 could be the FASTEST Android smartphone ever MacBook Pro 2016 with Touch Bar review - Apple's greatest laptop will not please everyone Watch Ireland v New Zealand - how to stream rugby Autumn International online Black Friday 2016 UK - Argos launches new deals on 4K TVs, smartphones, Beats by Dre, MORE Samsung Galaxy S7 - Samsung phones are EXPLODING again, says disgruntled owner Watch Man United vs Arsenal - How to stream Premier League match at Old Trafford online Watch England v Fiji - how to stream rugby Autumn International online Black friday 2016 UK - Argos slashes the price of hundreds of toys and games Watch Middlesbrough v Chelsea - How to stream Premier League match online Watch Leeds United v Newcastle United - How to stream Championship match online Samsung Galaxy S8 could be the FASTEST Android smartphone ever MacBook Pro 2016 with Touch Bar review - Apple's greatest laptop will not please everyone Watch Ireland v New Zealand - how to stream rugby Autumn International online Black Friday 2016 UK - Argos launches new deals on 4K TVs, smartphones, Beats by Dre, MORE Samsung Galaxy S7 - Samsung phones are EXPLODING again, says disgruntled owner Watch Man United vs Arsenal - How to stream Premier League match at Old Trafford online Watch England v Fiji - how to stream rugby Autumn International online SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Sunday, 20th November 2016 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Royal History Weird Nature Science Obituaries Sunday Scotland Weather UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news Golf Cricket Tennis Rugby Union F1 Boxing Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Express Comment Columnists Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
null
null
null
null
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO Reuters 2 days ago By Heather Somerville © REUTERS/Brendan McDermid The Snapchat logo is seen on a banner outside the NYSE Snap Inc, the red-hot messaging company, is seen by many tech investors as the next Facebook or Google, but its youthful founders are pushing far more aggressively than its predecessors in moving from scrappy startup to public company. At a time when it is fashionable in Silicon Valley to stay private as long as possible, Snap is planning an initial public offering valuing it at more than $20 billion just two years after it first began to generate revenue, even though it has plenty of cash and ample opportunity to raise more on the private markets. It is expected to be the biggest U.S. tech IPO since Facebook Inc's 2012 debut. It is also defying convention by declining to bring in "adult supervision" to help 26-year-old co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Evan Spiegel and 28-year-old co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Bobby Murphy manage the company. Imran Khan, a former Credit Suisse banker who played a big role in the Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd IPO in 2014, is emerging as a key figure in his role as chief strategy officer. Some investors remain concerned, however, that the combination of an inexperienced management team and a sky-high valuation could be problematic. "It is a very clearly inexperienced team leading a company that's asking for two things: a huge valuation and a very aggressive multiple," said Max Wolff, a market strategist at 55 Capital. "Once you start asking public investors for 30x earnings, the tolerance for mistake, misadventure and learning on the job goes down." Questions about the management team have lingered after a string of senior executives left following short stints with the company. High-profile departures include Emily White, who joined as chief operating officer from Instagram at the start of 2014 and quit after just more than a year, according to her LinkedIn profile. Mike Randall, who joined Snap from Facebook, left last year after less than a year as head of business and marketing. A spokesman for Snap declined to comment. The executive ranks have since stabilized, and executives such as finance chief Drew Vollero and hardware guru Steve Horowitz have decades of experience. Still, the departure of Jia Li, one of the highest-ranking women at the company and its head of research, to join Alphabet Inc's Google this month left another high-level opening. "I think Snapchat struggles with leadership," said Dave Carvajal, an executive recruiter for tech companies. "Just because something is a great idea, it still has the very real challenge of bringing in the right people." Spiegel, an enigmatic figure who choose to locate the company in the Southern California beach town of Venice rather than Silicon Valley, has not followed the example of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who partnered early on with Sheryl Sandberg, a former Treasury Department official and Google executive. Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin initially ceded the CEO role to veteran technology executive Eric Schmidt. “I think (Spiegel) is a sole dictator type,” said Lyon Wong, a venture capitalist and former partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners, a firm that made multiple early investments into Snap. Hemant Taneja, a managing director at the venture capital firm and Snap investor General Catalyst, pointed to Khan as a key figure in the run-up to the IPO. “I think that hire was critical and they work very well together,” Taneja said. “He has taken a lot of things off of Evan’s plate so he can focus on what he does best.” Taneja said the turnover may be more indicative of Spiegel constantly upgrading the talent in his ranks. “I think that Snapchat does everything in an unconventional way,” Taneja said. “Comparing it to Facebook or another company is an incorrect way to think about it.” Wolff also noted that the company may yet bring in more experienced managers and board members ahead of the IPO. IPO AS MARKETING © REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo A billboard displays the logo of Snapchat above Times Square in New York Snap, valued at about $18 billion, has raised roughly $2.5 billion from investors including mutual fund Fidelity Investments, Sequoia Capital, T. Rowe Price and Alibaba. It raised $1.81 billion as recently as May, according to regulatory filings. The windfall of cash just six months ago, however, did not slow Snap’s IPO talks, which have been ongoing for at least a year, according to sources familiar with the matter. An IPO early next year may help Snap capture pent-up investor demand after a prolonged IPO drought, while also getting out in front of other hotly anticipated debuts from Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Airbnb. “It could be easier to tell your story because everyone will be focused on you and ready for you to make your move,” said Hans Tung, managing partner at GGV Capital. “There will be a lot of demand for this stock.” Some investors said the marketing boost and visibility that comes with an IPO is crucial to help Snapchat get more users outside the United States - and outside its dominant user base of millennials. Snapchat says it has more than 150 million daily active users. “The goal of the company is to grow as fast as possible,” venture capitalist Wong said. “And there are no more 16-year-olds for them to get onto the platform.” An IPO will give the company a more mature image that will appeal to advertisers, investors said. Snap has told investors to expect $1 billion in advertising revenue in 2017, according to sources familiar with the matter. (Additional reporting by Liana Baker in San Francisco and Lauren Hirsch in New York; Writing by Jonathan Weber; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Go to MSN Home More in News Chancellor warns of 'eye-watering' Brexit debt Sky News Body of 14-year-old British cancer victim who wanted to be frozen is in £10 sleeping bag Daily Record At least 100 killed as train derails in India Sky News Petrol prices set to fall to less than £1 Mirror Europe’s leaders to force Britain into 'hard Brexit' The Guardian Chancellor set to spend £1.1bn on road and rail Sky News Up Next Ship evacuated off Dover as Storm Angus hits UK Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Trump considers Mattis, Romney for top national security jobs Reuters For Syria rebels, Trump win adds to uncertain fate Reuters Sunday Times: Queen to invite Trump to Britain for state visit Reuters Obama tells Latin America and world: give Trump time, don't assume worst Reuters Reuters View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Around the world in virtual reality: Google Earth VR will fly you to ANY destination from the comfort of your home Google has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth compatible with the HTC Vive It works like the Google Earth or Google Street View programs, except it is beamed into the eyes in 3D Google also lets users experience cinematic tours of destinations like the Amazon river or the Swiss Alps Using the revamped Google Earth, VR users can zoom in and rotate the Earth, and even fly through space By Abigail Beall For Mailonline Published: 07:52 EST, 18 November 2016 | Updated: 08:10 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail 36 shares 2 View comments Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen. Now Google has found a way of letting people experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, from the highest mountains to the busiest cities, without even leaving the house. The firm has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works with the HTC Vive headset, and comes complete with virtual tours of some of the world's most popular destinations. Scroll down for video  Google has found a way of letting you experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, without even leaving your house. The search engine giant has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works alongside the HTC Vive headset. Yellowstone National Park is pictured  GOOGLE EARTH VR  Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen - or at least to visit every destination on their list. Now Google has found a way of letting people experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, without even leaving the house. The search engine giant has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works with the HTC Vive headset. It works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs - only it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions.  The programme works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs, except it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions. 'Ten years ago, Google Earth began as an effort to help people everywhere explore our planet,' said Mike Podwal, product manager at Google VR, in a blog post. 'And now, with more than two billion downloads, many have.'  'Today, we are introducing Google Earth VR as our next step to help the world see the world.  'With Earth VR, you can fly over a city, stand at the top of the highest peaks, and even soar into space.'  Google also allows users to experience cinematic tours of particularly popular tourist destinations.  'Earth VR comes with cinematic tours and hand-picked destinations that send you to the Amazon River, the Manhattan skyline, the Grand Canyon, the Swiss Alps, and more.' The project allows users to walk around the likes of the Hong Kong Stadium or Rome's historic Colosseum, or climb the Matterhorn. Having been rebuilt for room scale VR, the revamped Google Earth also lets users fly around each destination. Being able to zoom in and rotate the Earth, and even fly through space is expected to give users first-person views that would be almost impossible to achieve in real life.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the... Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the... Two Chinese astronauts return from the nation's longest... The strange 'funnel' on Mars that scientists say could be... Share this article Share The Google Earth VR app is available to download for free from the Steam store, the digital software depository that feeds the HTC Vive. Like Tilt Brush, Earth VR is launching first on the HTC Vive.   The HTC Vive headset comes with a front facing camera, redesigned headstrap for greater stability, an improved visual system with brighter displays - as well as the ability to take calls while immersed in an imaginary world.  On the Steam store, the Earth VR programme has already achieved a 'Very Positive' rating after over 400 reviews.  The interactive module above lets you explore different parts of the world as they would look in Google Earth VR. Click the arrows to change to a new desination Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen - or at least to visit every destination on their list. Christ the Redeemer, the statue of Jesus Christ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil is pictured  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Watch video Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Watch video Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence Watch video Romney leaves after meeting with President-elect Trump Watch video Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Watch video Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her Watch video 'Beyonce I was hurt!': Kanye goes on epic rant during a concert Watch video Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Pence gets booed by crowd as he takes his seat at Hamilton Watch video Tesla's 'Instant Acceleration' saved a driver from speeding car Watch video Bizarre UFO-like object is spotted on NASA's satellite footage Watch video Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying It works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs - only it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions. The project takes things to the next level, allowing users to walk around the likes of the Hong Kong Stadium or climb the Matterhorn, a mountain of the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy, pictured 'Today, we are introducing Google Earth VR as our next step to help the world see the world,' Google said. 'With Earth VR, you can fly over a city, stand at the top of the highest peaks, and even soar into space.' The Colosseum in Rome is pictured  This app comes just a few days after Google's Daydream virtual reality headset hit the market. Google's earlier attempts at a headset, the low cost cardboard app, was popular - but undeniably low budget and not as effective as more expensive devices.  The Daydream features a soft fabric coating , unlike the plastic finish found on most its competitors. The headset and controller are sold together for $79 (£69 in the UK). Virtual experiences built for Daydream are still limited - but Google's own YouTube and Street View apps are impressive.  For now, the headset works only with Google's Pixel phone. The Google Earth VR app is available to download for free from the Steam store, the digital software depository that feeds the HTC Vive. The Florence Cathedral in Florence, pictured Having been rebuilt for room scale VR, the revamped Google Earth also lets users soar around them, flying through the air for first-person views that are almost impossible in real life. The Space Needle in Seattle is pictured The Hoover Dam is pictured. At 196.9 million square miles, the world is pretty big, so Google has made it easy to find great places to visit. Earth VR comes with cinematic tours and hand-picked destinations that send you to the Amazon River, the Manhattan skyline, the Grand Canyon, the Swiss Alps, and more more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Watch video Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Watch video Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence Watch video Romney leaves after meeting with President-elect Trump Watch video Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Watch video Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her Watch video 'Beyonce I was hurt!': Kanye goes on epic rant during a concert Watch video Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Pence gets booed by crowd as he takes his seat at Hamilton Watch video Tesla's 'Instant Acceleration' saved a driver from speeding car Watch video Bizarre UFO-like object is spotted on NASA's satellite footage Watch video Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying WHAT CAN YOU DO WITH GOOGLE DAYDREAM? You can view 360-degree YouTube videos and any 360-degree photos you store on Google Photos.  In fact, Google has an entirely new version of YouTube available from last week. This new standalone app was built from the ground up and optimized for VR.  You just need a Daydream-ready phone like Pixel and the new Daydream View headset and controller to get started.  'Every single video on the platform becomes an immersive VR experience, from 360-degree videos that let you step inside the content to standard videos shown on a virtual movie screen in the new theater mode,' Google  said. The app even includes some familiar features like voice search and a signed in experience so you can follow the channels you subscribe to, check out your playlists and more.  You can visit other destinations such as the Galapagos Islands in a 360-degree version of Google's Street View.   Google has worked with everyone from the Natural History Museum in London, to fitness and travel sites to create VR videos Even more are promised by the end of the year, including apps for Netflix and Hulu — though all that does is offer video on a giant screen in a virtual living room. There's much more available for Cardboard.  Unfortunately, app developers will need to make some tweaks first to make them compatible with Daydream. They'll need to do even more to take advantage of the motion control.  Read more: Google Earth VR - Bringing the whole wide world to virtual reality Share or comment on this article e-mail 36 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... Melania and Barron Trump will NOT move to the White House so... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories Next story Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre cosmic radio blasts release an unexplained flash of energy 198 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Charities In Denver Have An Unlikely Competitor, Google Maps Google search has long been a way for any local organization to promote themselves and get relevant and organic search results. Google has dominated this arena for a long time, but in 2016 that reputation for search might be changing. (OPENPRESS) Let’s look at a few factors. Google could be said to be the best search engine for the following reasons: * It relies on a simplicity that many other search engines lack. * It’s fast, reliable, easy to use, user friendly. * Fewer, less noticeable ads. * The search algorithm seems to bring the most relevant items to the top. * More relevant ads. Why is Google the best search engine from a marketing perspective? * More people use Google than any other search engine in the world. * Google the information to improve their engine further. * It has the largest known database of metadata for searching and search criteria. * Referrals from Google have higher conversion rate then any other search engine. When it comes to charity organization who rely on the kindness and giving nature of their local communities, the prospect or doing the right thing coupled with Google being so great at sending relevant traffic is a blessing. But how is that working out in 2016? Let’s examine a charity donation program that is utilized by nearly every charity. They will kindly accept your old car in any condition, tow it for free, and use the recycling revenue to help fund the charity within the community. Good causes, great outcomes. In 2016, however, local scams have caught wind of the inexperience or lack of resources that charities have, and have begun targeting their revenue programs, scamming community donors with the promise of doing something for the greater good. Denver, Colorado has a very big homeless problem with lots of charities lined up trying to help get them off the streets every day. The freezing cold weather makes it even more of a challenge. The car donation programs in Denver help to offset the costs of getting people off the streets and into shelters or rehabilitation facilities, depending on what is needed. One of the key searches that a potential donor might type into Google might be: “donate car denver”. Google with its reputation for giving people accurate search results, falls very far from accurate due to two things. 1. Advertising moved from sidebars to above search results 2. Lack of oversight of the Google Map spam Attached are two organization that openly and boldly defy Google and dominate the Denver charities, before the Google search results have a chance to show potential donor a list of real charities that they might be able to assist. Attached is a file that shows exactly what the charities face in Denver, Colorado. As if their challenges were not great enough, now they seem at the mercy of Google map scams, and more than likely lose donors to them every day. ——- John Burgreen Editor for Denver Donate Denver Donate (https://www.denverdonate.com) provides resources and information on charities in Denver, Colorado. —— Media Google map scam results: http://imgur.com/Ni0uRzX Archived press related to the scams: https://archive.org/details/kars-4-kids-vehicle-donation-scam Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Texas Federal Court Set to Hear Constitutional Parental Rights Violations Next Next post: Jay Peters Zodiac Publishing Announces Real Cash Secrets Club Newsletter Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com New Social Media Search Engine Will Help Users But May Worry Yahoo And Bing RepUPress.com has launched a new Social Media Search Engine that will help individuals navigate the vast realm of social networks more easily, help businesses better measure their marketing efforts and help students accomplish more effective and efficient research. (OPENPRESS) RepUPress.com, an Indianapolis based tech company, has launched a new Social Media Search Engine in cooperation with search giant Google (http://www.repupress.com/social-search). The free search engine allows visitors to quickly access results from all major social media networks in an aggregated view, as well as, search each individual network by simply clicking a tab at the top of the results. The results can also be further customized by either popularity (relevance) or by date. When asked about the benefit to users, Founder Rob Gelhausen had this to say, “We believe the application for a dedicated Social Media Search Engine is abundant. Individuals can more easily find what they are looking for within and across their favorite networks, companies can gauge their marketing impact, and students can do more effective, as well as efficient research. These are just a few of the current benefits and uses.” According to a report published by the Pew Research Center 52% of adults have at least 2 social media accounts across various networks. That means as many as 1.26 million US citizens over the age of 18 visit multiple social media networks to search and post content. The idea of a way to search from a single source is an intriguing and time saving proposition. The Social Media Search Engine was built on top of and with the cooperation of Google’s Web Index. With the recent deal between Twitter and Google to allow access and indexing of all 200 billion plus Tweets being generated every year, the incredible categorization of the vast amount of Facebook content, the fact that YouTube is owned by Google, as well as, many additional strategic reasons, Founder Rob Gelhausen said “It was a no brainer using Google’s index to power our search.” Rep U Press is a digital media company that offers an array of solutions which include SaaS Applications, Marketing Services and even eLearning Video Tutorials Courses. Their latest endeavor is sure to make waves. The web search industry is dominated by three major players who are Google, Yahoo and Bing. Google currently controls approximately 65% of the search share in the US with Bing and Yahoo combing for approximately 24%. All other search engines make up the remaining 11%. Harking back to the days of Mark Cuban selling Broadcast.com to Yahoo for 5.7 Billion Dollars leaving the door open for Google to crush them in search, it seems as though Yahoo has always been one step behind in the race for online user search acquisition. It is amazing that there has not already been some sort of play like this by either of the two second tier search options. Will the Rep U Press solution take even more of the market share? Well, that remains to be seen. Rep U Press Phone: http://www.repupress.com/social-search/ Website: http://www.repupress.com 2333 N. Pennsylvania St. Indianapolis, IN 46205 Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Do You Love Uk Television? If The Answer Is Yes, Then We Think You’ll Love TVmum Next Next post: The Monmouth Museum Presents 37th Annual Juried Art And Members Miniatures Exhibitions Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Unauthorized Pixel resellers denied access to their Google accounts +8,535 Nick Gray Nov 18th, 2016 Nearly 200 Google accounts have been suspended due to unauthorized reselling of Google’s Pixel phones. The suspended Google accounts were used to purchase Pixel phones through Project Fi, shipping them to an unnamed reseller located in New Hampshire – a state which does not collect sales tax. Once the Pixel phones were resold, the profits were then split with those who originally purchased the phones through Project Fi. Buying a phone on Project Fi and selling it yourself is perfectly legal, but Project Fi’ terms of service explicitly states users “may only purchase Devices for your personal use [and] may not commercially resell any Device.” Purchasing a phone and mailing it directly to a third-party retailer to be sold at a profit is clearly in violation of this policy. Those affected by the Google account suspension are not able to access any Google services. This means that they are cut off from their email, photos, documents and social media accounts. Some have also reported that Google has shut down access to secondary Google accounts which were listed as a backup account within their Google profiles. Google has not publicly commented on the situation. The reseller responsible for the entire fiasco is apparently trying to work with Google to return the Pixel phones in an effort to have the suspended accounts reinstated. What would you do if your Google account was suspended? [Dans Deals, The Guardian] local_offer    Google   Pixel   Pixel XL   Project Fi   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (17) stars Further Reading Google Shops are launching in Canada and the UK Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store Google sending Pixel delay compensation New Google Live Cases available OnePlus 3T charging proves solid stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 11.18.16. 11.18.16 Time of Publication: 6:30 am. 6:30 am Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI Getty Images Microsoft researchers recently built an artificially intelligent system that seems to recognize conversational speech as effectively as a human. Yes, this research comes with caveats, but it’s part of a very real and very rapid leap in artificial intelligence over the past several years, a leap driven by deep neural networks. These sweepingly complex algorithms can teach themselves very particular tasks by analyzing vast amounts of data. Microsoft’s system learned to recognize words by looking for patterns in old tech support calls. But it’s not just the algorithms that are driving the recent revolution in AI. It’s also the hardware behind these algorithms. Microsoft’s speech rec system relies on large farms of GPU processors, chips that were originally designed for rendering graphics but have proven remarkably adept at running artificial intelligence models. Related Stories Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World’s AI Talent What the AI Behind AlphaGo Can Teach Us About Being Human Inside OpenAI, Elon Musk’s Wild Plan to Set Artificial Intelligence Free Internet giants like Microsoft, Google, Facebook, and Baidu typically train their deep neural nets using GPUs. But they’re moving towards other, more specialized chips that can help accelerate not just the training but the execution of these systems. Google recently built its own AI processor. IBM is building another. So Intel, the world’s largest chip maker, is doing the same. Yesterday, the company unveiled a new AI processor called Nervana, saying it plans on testing prototypes by the middle of next year, and if all goes well, a finished chip will come to market by the end of 2017. At the moment, the market for AI chips is dominated by nVidia, the primary supplier of GPUs. But Intel is pushing to be a big part of this potentially enormous market in the years to come. The new chip is based on technology originally built by a startup Intel acquired earlier this year, also called Nervana. “This really is the industry’s first purpose-built silicon for artificial intelligence,” says Intel corporate vice president Jason Waxman, who oversees the chips the company sells for big data centers like those operated by Google and Microsoft, explaining why the chip maker acquired the startup. That claims leaves out Google’s TPU chip, IBM’s True North, and perhaps others. But the Google chip isn’t a commercial product—it’s only used inside Google data centers—and the IBM chip has yet to reach the market, with some top AI researchers questioning whether it’s suited to deep learning. In any event, the race is on to create the chips that will power an AI-dominated future. Two Stages Deep neural networks operate in two stages. First comes the training stage: a company like Microsoft feeds a neural net data that will enable it to perform a particular task, like speech recognition. Then comes the execution stage, when people actually use the neural net to, say, recognize commands spoken into smartphones. Intel’s Nervana chip is designed to help with both stages, says Nervana founder Navene Rao, now an Intel vice president and general manager. The chip is also designed to work not just with one type of deep neural networks, but with many. “We can boil neural networks down to a very small number of primitives, and even within those primitives, there are only a couple that matter,” Rao says, meaning that just a few fundamental hardware ideas can drive a wide range of deep learning services. Related Video President Barack Obama on How Artificial Intelligence Will Affect Jobs Today, GPUs are still the most effective way of training AI systems, while companies are exploring all sorts of hardware for execution. Baidu executes with help from GPUs, for instance, while Microsoft uses programmable chips called FPGAs. Google went so far as to design its own chip, the TPU. But GPUs—originally design for other purposes—are far from ideal. “They just happen to be what we have,” says Sam Altman, president of the tech accelerator Y Combinator and co-chairman of open-source AI lab OpenAI. And not everyone has the resources to program their own chips, much less design them from scratch. That’s where a chip like Nervana comes in. The question is how effective it will be. “We have zero details here,” says Patrick Moorhead, the president and principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy, a firm that closely follows the chip business. “We just don’t know what it will do.” But Altman, for one, is bullish on Intel’s technology. He was an investor in Nervana when it was a startup. “Before that experience, I was skeptical that startups were going to play a really big role in designing new AI,” he told me last week, even before Intel announced its new chip. “Now I have become much more optimistic.” Intel certainly gives this technology an added boost. Intel chips powered the rise of PC and the data center machines that serve up the modern Internet. It has the infrastructure needed to build chips at scale. It has the sales operation needed to push them into the market. And after years as the world’s dominant maker of data center chips, it has the leverage needed to get these chips inside the Internet’s biggest players. Intel missed the market for smartphone chips. But it still has a chance with AI. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Artificial Intelligence chips deep learning google Intel microsoft Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games Gaming Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games 5 hours This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 11.17.16 Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 11.17.16 John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 11.14.16 These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now Music These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now 11.14.16 Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 days Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 6 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 5 hours Future of News Facebook Shouldn’t Bother Policing Fake News—It Should Go Local Instead 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Brain Drain Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World’s AI Talent 11.17.16 social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 11.16.16 physics Physicists Uncover Strange Numbers in Particle Collisions 5 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Google South Korea South Korea rejects Google request to use local data for its maps service A South Korean official said Google could export local data for its maps service if it deletes security facilities. By Sarmistha Acharya November 18, 2016 12:05 GMT South Korea rejects Google request for mapping dataReuters/Kim Hong-Ji South Korea has rejected Google's request to use the country's local mapping data in its maps service. South Korea restricts exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate data servers in the country. The restriction has limited the functionality of Google Maps in South Korea as it cannot offer driving or walking directions. Google manages its maps service at data centres that are outside South Korea. South Korea granted permission to Google to use mapping data provided the internet giant blurs sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite maps. "Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting (the local mapping data). Google's position is that it won't delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless," Kim Tong-il, an official at the land ministry told the Associated Press. Google filed its request for the mapping data in June this year. The government extended the deadline to August, citing disagreement between ministries. This suggests the support for Google within some ministries that are trying to promote tourism and overseas businesses. One of the biggest issues tourists face in South Korea is lack of online mapping services with directions in foreign languages. Local businesses and consumers opposed giving full access to local mapping data to Google, stating it would be unfair for the companies that operate their data servers for mapping services in South Korea. They said Google should build data centres in South Korea. Earlier, Google said restricting Google Maps in South Korea would create inconvenience for foreigners visiting the country for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in 2018. Kwon Bom-jun, a Google engineer in the official blog post in August said: "What is most regrettable is that it could delay introducing innovative mapping services in South Korea and as a result, South Korea could be left behind in the global competition." More from IBTimes UK Petition to put Palestine on Google Maps reaches 240,000, but were the territories ever removed? Google launches new Android map app that lets kids explore the Himalayas as a yeti Scientists unearth the secrets of the ocean using Google Maps-style mapping Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close EmDrive: What is it and how could it change the world? Columnists Philip Davies MP “International Men's Day: Some issues affect men more than women - why is that hard to accept? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. Mark Zuckerberg explains how Facebook plans to tackle fake news amid growing backlash 'The bottom line is: we take misinformation seriously,' Zuckerberg said. Blizzard cancels Overwatch's graphic novel 'First Strike' Lead writer Michael Chu said the team decided to 'take the story in a different direction'. 3 million low-cost Android phones found with secret rootkit, vulnerable to remote hijack attacks This is the second time in the span of a week that security researchers have sounded an alarm about Android phones with... Video game news round-up: Legend of Zelda delay, Sombra arrives in Overwatch and Super Mario Run Your guide to the week's biggest video game news stories. Three Mobile confirms personal data of over 133,000 customers compromised in massive breach The company said no financial information was accessed in the breach. Trump's pick for CIA director views encryption 'a red flag' and wanted Snowden executed US Congressman Mike Pompeo has accepted the offer to head the CIA under Trump's presidency. Facebook authorises $6bn stock buyback amid fake news debacle The social media giant's accounting chief Jas Athwal will leave the firm after 9 years of service. US government 'deeply concerned' about Russia's decision to block access to LinkedIn The US says the decision could set 'a troubling precedent' to shut down any site containing Russian user data. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel announces intention to stand for fourth term About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu BYE PHONE There is absolutely no reason to get excited about a new smartphone Written by Mike Murphy November 18, 2016 Exactly. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Mike Murphy November 18, 2016 I have six smartphones sitting in front of me and they’re all exactly the same. I will give someone four dollars if they can name all of these phones in order pic.twitter.com/0igcVTnA43 — Mike Murphy (@mcwm) November 17, 2016 One might have an aluminum exterior, one might be slightly larger, but really that’s about it. I recently picked up the new Apple iPhone 7 Plus, and I think it’s pretty decent. I also looked at the Google Pixel, and thought that it wasn’t too bad either. I’ve reviewed a (non-exploding) Samsung Galaxy S7, a OnePlus 3, and have a LG V20, a LeEco Pro 3, and some phones that all look roughly the same when you flip them over in front of me. While there are some discrepancies over build quality—I personally think Samsung’s new phones (that don’t catch fire) are a little sturdier than, say, LeEco’s new phones—they all pretty much pack the same set of features that any consumer would want in a new phone: There isn’t really a reason to get excited about any one new smartphone anymore. Mobile technology is so advanced, and there’s so much packed into any smartphone—from budget models to a company’s newest flagship—that it’s often difficult to differentiate between models. When Apple released the iPhone 7 earlier this year, many were disappointed that it looked, and for the most part, functioned, so similarly to the iPhone 6S and 6 before it. At the time, analysts speculated that this is because it’s getting more difficult to innovate every year, even for a company like Apple. Every competitor has pretty much caught up to Apple in terms of design, and it now often lags behind others when it comes to new hardware features, such as waterproofing or NFC payments, both of which Android phones had before Apple. So what features should you be on the look out when buying a new phone? What things have companies touted as their distinguishing feature in the past, that is not as true anymore? Camera quality Google’s new phone was recently rated by the independent camera benchmarking site DxOMark to have the best camera ever put into a cellphone. Following right behind it are the HTC 10, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, the Sony Xperia X Performance, and the iPhone 7. DxOMark hasn’t reviewed the LG V20 yet, nor the iPhone 7 Plus, with its extra depth-perceiving camera, but having played around with both, it’s likely they’ll also fall near the top of the list. Most of the flagship smartphones on the market today have a powerful camera, decent editing software, and can push your photos out to Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, email, or wherever else you want your snaps to go. Cameras will likely continue to get sharper, smaller, and faster—as much as physics allows—at an incremental rate. Every phone you buy from now on will likely have the best mobile camera you’ve ever used. Storage One of the most common complaints with smartphones is that because of the amazing cameras they all now have, we tend to run out of storage space to save all our photos and videos. Most new phones have one of two possible solutions. The first answer is that new phones are shipping with more storage space. With the iPhone 7, Apple upped the base storage level in its cheapest model to 32 GB—to double what it was in the iPhone 6S. Every other phone sitting in front me also has at least as much storage, and some of them, including the iPhone, have models available in 128 GB. Shoot as many photos and download as many games as you’d like—it’s probably going to take you as long as you have your phone to fill it up completely. The other answer is offloading content to the cloud. Phones like the Nextbit Robin and Google’s Pixel have novel solutions to this storage problem. The Robin actually offloads anything you don’t actively use—like apps, games, pictures, and videos—to its cloud, and users can return them to the phone at the tap of a button. It’s like having a smartphone with unlimited storage capacity, even though it only has 32 GB built in. Similarly, Google uploads all videos and photos shot on the Pixel to its Google Photos cloud at full resolution for free. The Pixel also starts at 32 GB, but offloading all the images you shoot will massively increase how much space is available on the phone. Speed Similar to storage complaints, people often whinge that their phones start to lag with age, especially when new software is installed. While there’s no way to guarantee a phone’s longevity, it’s worth considering that all the phones in front of me have at the same amount of memory (or more) as the maximum available in the top-of-the-line Apple laptop about a decade ago. New software will likely always require more processing power than what came before it, but the rate at which computing hardware has advanced over the last few years has been rather astounding. Build quality Not every phone has the same level of industrial design that Apple is known for (it literally wrote the book on it), but they’re coming close. The Samsung Galaxy 7s are well-built phones, as is the Pixel. The iPhone and Galaxy 7s are both waterproof, and the Google Pixel has been called “one of the most durable phones of 2016.” Many of these phones also have versions of Corning’s Gorilla Glass, a toughened glass that protects the screen from shattering when dropped—at least more so than a regular piece of glass. What it comes down to Smartphones are so similar in design, operating system, and abilities, that many companies have resorted to using gimmicks to try to differentiate their products. Samsung, for a while, went off the deep end, attempting to jam as many random apps, hand gestures, and styluses into its products as possible. Newer models have pared back the number of proprietary apps and features. Now Samsung is trying to differentiate itself with virtual reality, 360-degree photography, and other add-ons. Google is using its virtual “Assistant”—a supercharged version of the voice assistant it’s had built into Android for years—and Apple is trying to stand out with its dual-camera in the iPhone 7 Plus, and, well, being Apple. But really the decision for what smartphone to buy comes down to whether you prefer iOS or Android, and then whether you want a home button, and where you’d like your fingerprint scanner to be placed. These phones are all about as good as each other, most of them costing between $500 and $700, without any cell carrier subsidies. What you’re left with is what brands you’re loyal to and how big a fan you are of rose gold. Is there hope for the future—will smartphones become exciting again? Absolutely. Some analysts are referring to 2017 as a “supercycle” for Apple, meaning that the company plans to get out of the iterative rut it’s found itself in recently, with a bevy of new products, instead of the marginal upgrades it’s presented for the the last decade or so. The company will be releasing its tenth-anniversary smartphone, which is likely to be a complete overhaul of the iPhone. There’s talk of entirely new screens with curved edges, that the phone could be made of a new form of scratch-resistant ceramic, and that there could be a massive 5.5-inch version hitting the market. Samsung is also expected to unveil an updated version of the Galaxy S7 (likely called the S8), to replace the gap in the market created by its exploding (but very useful otherwise) Note 7. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Entertainment News Google celebrates author James Welch's 76th birthday with new Doodle By Wade Sheridan   |   Nov. 18, 2016 at 6:52 AM Follow @upishowbiz Comments MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Google is paying homage to Native American writer James Welch with a new Doodle on what would have been his 76th birthday. Released Friday, users who visit Google's homepage will notice artwork depicting Welch's likeness on notebook paper with notes alongside colorful horses prancing below Google's logo that appears inside a collection of tipis. "Through his novels, documentary film, and poems, Welch gave voice to the struggles and humanity of the Native American experience in the United States," writes the internet giant about the author. Welch is best known for his award-winning novel Fools Crow that follows the story of the Blackfeet people as they seek to continue their traditional Native American ways following the Civil War. "He was considered an early part of what was later dubbed the Native American Renaissance, during which native writers celebrated tribal culture and revealed its complex problems in works readily accessible to the larger American public," Google continued about his career. "His works were appreciated universally for both their artistic appeal and ability to bring the experiences of the Native American people to life." The Doodle is part of Google's celebration of Native American Heritage Month that has included Google's Cultural Institute highlighting six Native American artists, Google Play Books offering special Native American heritage reads and YouTube who has featured music and dance content from modern Native American communities. Also Google has released Google Expeditions of Indian Country which allows students "to learn about topics ranging from Southwest tribes to powwows to the Battle of the Little Bighorn." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Google Doodle celebrates Walter Cronkite's 100th birthday Google celebrates Mexico's Day of the Dead with new Doodle Google welcomes Rio Olympics with mobile 'Doodle Fruit Games' Comments Topics: Google Trending 50 celebrities turning 50 in 2016 [PHOTOS] Next Article Juan Gabriel, Carlos Vives and Shakira win big at the Latin Grammy Awards Latest Headlines Alec Baldwin, Jason Sudeikis play Trump and Romney for awkward meeting on 'SNL' 1 hour ago NEW YORK, Nov. 20 (UPI) -- Alec Baldwin and Jason Sudeikis channeled Donald Trump and Mitt Romney for this weekend's edition of "Saturday Night Live." BBC releases new footage from the 'Doctor Who' Christmas special 21 hours ago NEW YORK, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- The BBC has released fresh footage from its upcoming "Doctor Who" Christmas special, "The Return of Doctor Mysterio." Sarah Hyland to host one-off special 'Lip Sync Battle Shorties' 1 day ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- "Modern Family" actress Sarah Hyland has signed on to host the one-hour special, "Lip Sync Battle Shorties" on Nickelodeon. Idina Menzel's 'Beaches' re-make to premiere on Lifetime on Jan. 21 1 day ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- Lifetime says its re-make of "Beaches," the classic tale of female friendship, is set to premiere on Jan. 21. Soul and funk performer Sharon Jones dies at 60 1 day ago NEW YORK, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- Sharon Jones, a former prison guard who found success as a recording artist at the age of 40, has died of pancreatic cancer. She was 60. 'Game of Thrones' icon Emilia Clarke joins Han Solo standalone movie 1 day ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- British actress Emilia Clarke has joined the ensemble of the upcoming Han Solo standalone "Star Wars" movie. 'Hamilton' star addresses Mike Pence from stage after show; Donald Trump demands apology 1 day ago NEW YORK, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- "Hamilton" star Brandon Victor Dixon addressed audience member and U.S. Vice President-elect Mike Pence from the stage at Friday night's performance. Marc Anthony and Shannon De Lima split up after two years of marriage 1 day ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- Recording artist Marc Anthony and his wife, model Shannon De Lima, have split up after two years of marriage. Vince Neil says he was 'uninvited' to perform at the presidential inauguration 1 day ago NEW YORK, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- Rocker Vince Neil said he won't be performing at U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration, despite reports claiming he will be. Man who took sledgehammer to Trump's Hollywood star gets felony charge 1 day ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A California man who publicly destroyed Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame has been charged with felony vandalism, officials said. Trending Stories Vince Neil says he was 'uninvited' to perform at the presidential inauguration 'The Good Wife' creators reveal what happened to Alicia after the series finale Cote de Pablo on leaving 'NCIS': Scripts weren't good enough for Ziva Peta Murgatroyd shares revealing baby bump photo Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 after apparent suicide UPI More Collections Rio Olympics: Hugs and kisses 2016 Emmys: Best of Red Carpet 2016 NY Comic Con 2016 Israeli Tattoo Convention Notable Deaths of 2016 Best of 2016 Swim Miami Supermodels on the red carpet Rio Olympics: Best of Beach Volleyball Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 2016: Most revealing red carpet looks 2016 Miss America Competition ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
null
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Starting Advice Funding Ideas & planning Investing in a franchise Sole trader Work life balance Financing Accounts & tax Alternative finance Banking Government Grants Loans Running Business management Buying and selling Employing & managing staff Export & Logistics Finding and selling to customers Insurance Legal advice Marketing Office & home working Technology News Law Management Opportunities Outlook Blog Q & A Search for: Home » Running » Marketing Five reasons why small businesses should focus on PPC before SEO 18 Nov 2016 Here, we look at the merits of targeting PPC for your small business marketing before trying to tackle the riddle of SEO. COMMENT PPC might be the way forward for your business marketing Ben Lobel This question is one many small business owners struggle with: ‘What should I focus first? PPC has multiple advantages over SEO, it’s quick, nimble, measurable and highly targetable. SEO has its advantages too, especially relevant for small business owners: it’s considered cheaper (whether this is actually true, we’ll leave up for debate). Let’s look at the reasons to go with PPC first: 1. Optimise as you go The most important reason to try PPC before you move to SEO is the ability to optimise as you go. When you decide to optimise for the keyword ‘photographer in Liverpool’, there’s no way back. Trying to rank for that keyword is a long process that takes hours of hard work. What if you find out this keyword isn’t driving any valuable customers to your site once you’ve finally ranked high on this keyword? Nothing. With PPC you can simple start bidding on that exact keyword, generate some clicks, an measure whether the visitors coming from this keyword are actually valuable to you. If it doesn’t work, you’ll simple switch out the keyword for the next option in line. 2. Highly measurable Optimising as you go wouldn’t be so simple without the high measurability of PPC marketing. In contrast to SEO, where good measurability is very tricky, PPC marketing is very measurable. By using UTM tags, and web analytics tools such as Google Analytics, you can measure the result of each keyword or ad. With AdWords autotagging feature this isn’t rocket science. As a matter of fact, AdWords and Google Analytics are by default set up to track your campaigns, ad groups, keywords and ads. 3. Move fast When a certain keyword is a success for your business, you can scale rapidly. You can add keywords similar to your best performing keywords in a matter of minutes, and start expanding your reach and conversions. This wouldn’t be a possibility in SEO. This makes your ‘learn-build-measure’ cycle so much faster. Let’s say it takes you one week to find out whether a keyword generates revenue in PPC, but one month in SEO. In this case you can test 52 significantly different keywords in one year in PPC, but just 12 with SEO. 4. Certainty about your rank Ever heard of Google Panda? That’s one of Google iterations on their search-ranking algorithm. They like to change it every now and then to make sure the user experience of using Google stays as good as it is. The changes in the algorithm also have an impact on the efficiency of your SEO tactics. Ranking spot four today won’t mean you’ll still be there tomorrow. With PPC, you can choose to rank wherever you want by adjusting your bids accordingly. Do you want to stay on position 1? You can do that. Want to pay slightly less, and position 2 is driving you great results? You can stay there. If you’re interested, you can read more about ‘position based bidding’ in this article. 5. Small business specific features Ranking on SEO is fairly binary, either you rank for a keyword in a language, or you don’t. The ‘copy’ of what is being shown as a result is depending on technical elements such as your meta-description and title. PPC offers some awesome features that are especially interesting for small business owners: Geo-targeting: When your business is only active in West-London, and only want potential customers in West-London to find you, you can target your campaign to only be shown to that geographic region. Call extensions: When it’s crucial for your customers to be able to pick up the phone, and call you straight away, AdWords offers “Call extensions”. These extensions simply add your business phone number to the ad, so potential customers can call you right after finding you on call. Language targeting: With language targeting, you are able to target users based on the language they have their computers set to. If your business is tailored to Vietnamese speakers in London, this is a no brainier. Summary If you’re a small business owner, you want to move fast and scale quickly. In this case, a long-term strategy as SEO shouldn’t be your first pick. With PPC ads your ‘learn-build-measure’ cycle is faster, you get features that are especially interesting for small businesses and you can measure and optimise constantly. Further reading on online marketing e-commerce: A guide for beginners Related Topics PPC SEO Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Read More Latest Popular Should small business employers be wary about Black Friday? Going up in smoke? Why the vaping industry is a short-lived bubble What small businesses can learn from mobile games security The international business advisers’ view on Brexit Autumn statement a chance to build small business confidence Judges announced: British Small Business Awards 2016 Small companies back new prime minister Theresa May Seven great ways of investing as a small business owner Small business grants: How multiple grants helped launch a company Should B2B brands be funny and personable on social media? Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Small BusinessI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. Products See All How small and medium businesses can take on flexible working Some 57 per cent of employees say the availability of flexible working in their workplace is important to them, according to Sage data. This guide to Sage 200 Online shows why more and more businesses are turning to the cloud. Find Out More Controlling Cash Flow – Learn to master your money Find out how five small businesses met the challenges of raising finance, from drawing up a business plan to securing investment. Complete with expert guides and tips to help you through the process. Find Out More The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference centre Contact Details Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this Website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us South Korea blocks Google export of map data AFP on November 18, 2016, 10:10 pm South Korea blocks Google export of map data Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share South Korea blocks Google export of map data - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Seoul (AFP) - South Korea on Friday rejected Google's request to export government-supplied data for its global mapping service, arguing it would make the country more vulnerable to attack by North Korea. It was the second such rebuff for the US tech giant, which said it was "disappointed" by the decision. "There are concerns that Google's request to export map data could escalate security threats amid confrontation between South and North Korea," the land and transport ministry said in a statement. South Korea's strict National Security Law prevents Google from exporting government-supplied maps on the grounds that it could expose the location of sensitive military installations. Because the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a ceasefire rather than a peace treaty, the two Koreas remain technically at war. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., operates its mapping services by exporting map data from each country to its headquarters in California and 14 data centres situated around the world including the US and Singapore. It was forced to use a third-party server when it first rolled out Google Maps in the South in 2008, and only offered a limited, bare-bones version. Google argues that the security law is outdated and unfairly restricts the company from providing a full range of mapping services, such as driving directions, public transit information and satellite maps. The US tech giant backed up its complaint by claiming it could offer a wider range of services for isolated North Korea -- including driving directions from the capital Pyongyang to the country's main Yongbyon nuclear complex, and locations of the North's notorious labour camps. Seoul officials had proposed that Google blur out security information like power plants, military installations, government buildings and the presidential office on its mapping service. In its statement on Friday, the government said Google had turned down the offer. "We're disappointed by this decision. We've always taken security concerns very seriously," Taj Meadows, Head of Google's Asia-Pacific Policy Communications said. On the subject of South Korea's security concerns, Meadows referred to a statement issued in August that said the map data that Google sought to export "does not contain sensitive information affecting national security". It argued that Google had complied with the law by using lower resolution satellite images of South Korea than for other parts of the world. Removing or blurring specific locations would prevent Google from providing users with "the most complete information available", the statement said. South Korea is among a handful of countries -- along with China and Russia -- where Google is not the number one ranked search engine. The homegrown Naver search engine -- which only uses government-supplied maps that camouflage sensitive installations -- is the domestic leader in search and mapping services. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share South Korea blocks Google export of map data - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News "I know how to commit the perfect murder" The former partner of a nurse who killed two elderly patients has revealed how she boasted years earlier about how she could get away with murder New claims alleged bank arsonist a gambler desperate for cash Shocking footage of Schoolies balcony hopping Schoolies week is well underway and already disturbing footage has surfaced revealing risky behavior that would make any parent cringe. Mates hailed as heroes after pulling woman from burning car Four friends have been praised for rescuing a young woman who was trapped inside a burning car in Melbourne. Reformed drinker encourages women to try sobriety It was in March 2014 that Rebecca Weller last had a drink. She had woken the following day at 5am, staring at the ceiling with her dehydrated head pounding Police searching for woman at centre of vile racist bus rant A woman’s been caught on camera delivering a savage racist rant on an Adelaide bus. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS BBC presenter goes into labour immediately after delivering segment Police looking for woman at centre of racist bus rant Vicious brawl sees man stomped on, kicked in the head Chimps caught on camera fishing for algae $9 million dollar footbridge dismissed Perth police demand more protection from terrorists Dangerous police chase stops bike race Australian Test Cricket team cut after humiliating loss Prince William tells all on fatherhood Commonwealth Games Gold Coast baton revealed OUR PICKS Girl, 5, raped in public toilet at Orange, NSW Another SA carer arrested on child abuse charges Brisbane's real life 'vampire' with thirst for blood Mates hailed as heroes after pulling woman from burning car MOST VIEWED Shocking footage of Schoolies balcony hopping BBC presenter goes into labour immediately after delivering segment Police looking for woman at centre of racist bus rant Vicious brawl sees man stomped on, kicked in the head Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
null
Latest Music Tech Artists Motion Contact/About MotionTech Google explores how machine learning could navigate the history of art Peter Kirn — November 15, 2016 0 You might have some art history under your belt. Now experimental artists are giving the machines a chance to do the same. It’s called Google Arts & Culture Experiments, and it takes a new angle on machine learning. The concept: let those algorithms find new ways of venturing through the history of art and human culture. This isn’t just about the machines, either. Continuing the Chrome Experiments series, the search giant is enlisting artists and creative coders to try an inventive take on what this might mean. After all, while the machine learning may be for the AI, it’s the humans who decide how to apply it. And if the Renaissance had perspective and paint innovations and the de Medici family as patrons, now we’ve got algorithms as medium and Google as the patron. There are some names followers of creative coding will immediately recognize, too. Just a few examples: You get Mario Klingemann (Quasimondo, of Germany), seeing how machine learning might interpolate between artworks from different eras and continents. Cyril Diagne turns oceans of thumbnails into flurries and mountains of images. There’s a TED talk, too: The twist is, these aren’t just random arrays of images. True to Google’s trade, big data is transformed into patterns. Watching those algorithms try to “see” these images can feel a bit like watching a child first learn to draw – in a fascinating way. I find it especially appealing, having watched the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s efforts to digitize its holdings in New York City. Art history curation involves nothing if not data. And if lately the reflections on big data have been mostly bleak – laments about fake news and echo chambers – here we can return to more uplifting applications. This is a chance to see in a new way, not reinforce old ways of imagining. Blog post: https://www.blog.google/topics/arts-culture/experimenting-crossroads-machine-learning-and-arts/ Facebook Twitter Email More Pocket WhatsApp LinkedIn Reddit Google Tumblr Pinterest Tags:3D,AI,algorithms,art,art-history,browser,chrome,Chrome Experiments,code,creative-coding,Germany,google,Google experiments,HTML5,machine-learning,motion,Quasimondo,usa,visualization,Web Previous post 808 documentary gets release as Apple exclusive in December Next post Mixes of the moment: dark techno, diverse records Related Posts ArtistsMotionMusic Voyage into Dasha Rush’s inspiring ambient sonic worlds ArtistsMusicTech Here’s the easy thing you can do to support artists you love on Facebook ArtistsMusic Mixes of the moment: dark techno, diverse records ArtistsMusic Find tranquility in this film with Alva Noto, Ryuichi Sakamoto Social 14.4k Followers 32.6k Fans 897 Subscribers CDM is an online magazine for creative technology, from music and DJing to motion and more. CDM by Create Digital Media GmbH is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. Popular Posts Link could change how you play music, even without Ableton November 18, 2015 Akai MPC Touch is an MPC with a multi-touch screen October 7, 2015 How to Use MIDI to Make an iPad More Musically Connected, Productive: Video, Resources February 3, 2011 Made by Create Digital Media, GmbH in Berlin. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
null
null
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Google Pixel phone resellers have been banned from their Google accounts Google Pixel phone resellers have been banned from their Google accounts Google Pixel phones bought through 'commercial resale' are being denied services like Gmail, online photos and other services. By: AP | San Francisco | Published:November 18, 2016 3:46 pm Google Pixel smartphones: According to the company, the resale arrangements are a “scheme” devised by dealers looking to sell the Pixels at marked-up prices. Some of Google’s unwitting users are learning a harsh lesson: If you violate the company’s policies, it can abruptly cut you off from your Gmail account, online photos and other vital digital services. Several people who recently bought Google’s new Pixel phone on behalf of a New Hampshire dealer are now suffering that punishment after the company detected their online purchases and judged they violated its terms of service. Those rules, outlined in a document that few people read closely , forbid the purchase of the Pixel for “commercial” resale. “There isn’t an hour that doesn’t go by that I don’t think about the enormity of what Google has done to me,” said one of the affected resellers, Shmuel Super of Brooklyn, New York. “This is like a digital death sentence.” SELL YOUR PHONE, LOSE YOUR ACCOUNT Super and his fellow resellers got into trouble for buying up to five Pixel phones from Google’s online store and having them delivered to New Hampshire for resale. They received $5 for each phone. As of Sunday, some started finding themselves locked out of their Google accounts. In a Thursday statement, Google described the resale arrangement as a “scheme” devised by a dealer looking to sell the Pixels at marked-up prices in violation of its policies. Google declined to say how many people were affected by the account lockdown. DansDeals , a consumer-focused website that first reported Google’s crackdown, concluded that more than 200 people had been blocked from their Google accounts after talking to the New Hampshire dealer behind the Pixel buying spree. The Associated Press was unsuccessful in its efforts to identify and interview the dealer. Also read: Google Pixel XL review: The new Android flagship The crackdown may come as a surprise to the hundreds of millions of people who now routinely rely on Google, Facebook, Apple and other tech companies as the caretakers of their digital lives. Few of the people involved in this situation appear to have backed up their data outside of Google. Google said it plans to restore the accounts of customers who it believes were unaware of the rules, although the company didn’t specify how long that might take. LIVING WITHOUT GOOGLE Once they figured out why they were being locked out, the exiled consumers realised how dependent they had become on Google as the custodian of their digital communications, records and other mementoes. Some said they couldn’t retrieve confirmation numbers for upcoming flights or notices about an upcoming credit-card payment. Others couldn’t fetch work documents or medical records. Some started getting phone calls from friends, family and colleagues wondering why they weren’t responding to emails. Like other two other people interviewed by the AP, Super said he had no idea that he was violating Google’s policies when he bought the Pixels for the New Hampshire dealer. He can’t believe Google would do something as extreme as locking him out of his account without warning, rather than just banning him from buying its phones in the future. “Google’s slogan is ‘Don’t be evil,’ but to me, there is nothing more evil that what Google has done here,” Super said. CRIME AND PUNISHMENT Some of the Pixels purchased for resale were delivered before Google recognised the violations and meted out a punishment spelled out in a separate terms-of-service document . “We may suspend or stop providing our services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct,” Google warns in one section. Google doesn’t give any advance notice before it shuts down an account, and doesn’t make distinctions between minor and major violations. Affected users can appeal for reinstatement, though it’s unclear how long that might take or what criteria Google uses in such cases. Apple also forbids online purchases of iPhones for resale, although its terms of service say only that the company reserves the right to cancel any order suspected of breaking the rule. Daniel Levy, who has been locked out from his Google account since Monday, said he has learned a hard lesson, though not necessarily the one the company intended. “They confiscated my property and shouldn’t be trusted,” said Levy, who lives in Lakewood, New Jersey. “I will never use their services again.” Tags: Google Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show Gaganjeet Bhullar, Jeev Milkha Singh battle spills onto Monday in Jakarta India has become extremely sensitive to criticism: Ex-Governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Executive Insight Letters Disclosures Home» Report on Business» Commentary (scyther5/Getty Images/iStockphoto) (scyther5/Getty Images/iStockphoto) RICHARD GINGRAS Digital journalism will find its models with the right tools Add to ... RICHARD GINGRAS Special to The Globe and Mail Published Friday, Nov. 18, 2016 5:00AM EST Last updated Friday, Nov. 18, 2016 5:05AM EST Comments AA Richard Gingras is a vice-president at Google and head of Google News. He testified before the House of Commons heritage committee on Nov. 15. Today, media dominate our lives. The open ecosystem of the Web has enabled many new voices – from news sites to job sites to Wikipedia, from a million blogs to a billion social posts. It has enabled traditional media (such as The Globe and Mail) to reach global audiences. And it has also brought challenges to businesses and media companies born in the pre-Internet era, which now must adjust their products and strategies to the new opportunities of this digital world. Google has had the good fortune to develop popular products based on the open Web. Throughout the day, Google Search is used to seek the right answer to their queries in the Web’s one-billion-website corpus of expression. Google sends billions of users to news websites. Google’s ad platforms are used by millions of publishers, large and small, to help drive revenue and build their businesses. Google is a company born of the Web and is fiercely dedicated to maintaining the Web’s openness and richness. Google and publishers share a common cause. We both value and depend on an open platform of expression and knowledge. But the open Internet challenges us. It generates a cacophony of voices and a fragmentation of audiences. It challenges our understanding of the economics of information. Let’s take the example of a large city newspaper. In 1990, that two-to-five-pound bundle of newsprint was a richly compelling product with a strong and obvious value proposition. It had local and national news, it had a fashion section and a food section, a gardening section, a lifestyle section, an automotive section and a classifieds section and on and on. There were not a billion websites to compete with it. But in 2016, that national news section, those gardening and food sections, are competing with a rich array of Web-based offerings in each and every category. However, with more than 75,000 sources in Google News, local news remains a market differentiator. The local section in Google News surfaces content from regional papers to hyper-local blogs that otherwise wouldn’t appear and Google News includes a “Local Source” tag to showcase local coverage of major stories. But what’s the business model? In Halifax, there’s the example of Local Xpress – a news site founded by the journalists of the Chronicle Herald who have been out on strike since January. The site is dedicated to local news and in under a year, it’s grown tenfold. It’s achieved a peak of 300,000 page views per week, uses free collaborative tools such as Google Docs, and is monetizing and growing its news offering. Born out of labour strife, the managing editor now describes Local Xpress as “one of the most future-forward enterprises in the Canadian media landscape.” Marketplace principles do not change in the digital world. But the editorial product that found success 40 years ago does not automatically translate to a compelling value proposition in today’s market. Mediapart, in Paris, offers an alternative model. Founded by the former editor-in-chief of Le Monde, it’s an investigative news site with 40 reporters and supported by 120,000 subscribers. And it’s profitable. Consumers, it turns out, will pay for content they value. Beyond unlocking new revenue streams, news organizations must also consider how they deliver content. Research shows that 40 per cent of users abandon a site if it takes longer than three seconds to load. The Web today is not instantaneous and it needs to be. Advertising on the Web is too often not respectful of the user’s experience and it needs to be. It was these two issues that led Google and three dozen publishers and technology providers from around the world to develop a collaborative effort called the Accelerated Mobile Pages project. On average, AMP pages load in less than a second and we’ve seen AMP adopted by Canadian news organizations (including The Globe and Mail) and 700,000 domains around the world. We’re only a year in, but Canadian publishers are sharing data of increased audience loyalty and we’re seeing strong indications of how AMP can increase revenue. It is crucial that the Web be fast and compelling and that it doesn’t unintentionally create opportunities for proprietary platforms to gain untoward leverage on a publisher’s efforts to engage audiences and build brand loyalty. It is crucial to the success of news publishers. Our societies depend on it. The digital revolution has changed how we communicate, how we express ourselves, how we learn about the world around us. Yes, there are challenges. But I am passionately optimistic about the future of news. There are so many new tools and capabilities to take advantage of. There is so much impressive digital work being done that one can easily conclude that we are in the early days of a renaissance in journalistic creativity. New news experiences must be created. New media types defined. New business models developed. All necessary to harvest new audiences who now consume news throughout the day. As we move forward, Google is eager to continue to collaborate, to work together, to drive the innovation that is so important to building long-term success. Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeBusiness Also on The Globe and Mail Potential buyers of GoldenTree's stake in PostMedia (BNN Video)   More Related to this Story LEADERSHIP LAB In the digital age, leaders need to think like journalists Wall Street Journal to launch new format with fewer sections on Nov. 14 Newspaper publisher Gannett calls off purchase of Tronc Topics Google Inc. Media Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know BABAD'S WEEKEND The loonie's disappearing act TRAVEL The Globe Skiing Travel Guide: From our own backyard to ... Slovenia? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life My husband refuses to quit smoking. How can I pressure him to stop? Life What motivates someone to become a forensic pediatric pathologist? The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Justin Trudeau attends 'incredibly beautiful, lavish' state dinner News Jon Stewart says Donald Trump a 'repudiation of Republicans' News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party Sports Runner hit by deer during race Arts Video: Hear O Canada sung in a range of languages with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra News 'Hamilton' cast delivers message to VP Pence Life Take sauerkraut and sausage to the next level Life Globe Style shows you how to wear knits this fall Life Watch this: Florida boy saves his baby brother from nasty fall Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Report on Business The revival of Keystone XL is not vital: Auspice Capital CEO Technology Light therapy helps treat ailing bees in study ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Theme park creator undertakes its most thrilling design yet – its own headquarters Sports How Sean Foley can be your own personal golf coach for a year More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Nov. 19: Insanity? Opportunity – letters to the ROB editor Arts When Hamilton actor appealed to Mike Pence, theatre showed its strength Most popular Premier Kathleen Wynne promises to win back Ontarians’ trust, calls high electricity prices her ‘mistake’ Nov. 20: Your lookahead horoscope How a B.C. couple’s struggle with addiction ended in deadly fentanyl overdoses When Hamilton actor appealed to Mike Pence, theatre showed its strength The loonie's disappearing act X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt 3 Lessons From 5 Top Retail Websites By Taz Lake | Nov 18, 2016 CHANNEL: Digital Experience All five leading retailer websites in the US offer less than stellar customer experience. PHOTO: Zak Suhar Every website developer hopes to provide the best possible customer experience. This is especially important for retail sites, where positive customer experiences can immediately result in sales. However, most retail websites fall short of the mark. Why is that? Let's take a closer look at some of the top retail websites, analyze their strengths and weaknesses, and share some of the lessons to be learned. Evaluating 5 Retail Websites A cursory analysis of the top five retailer websites in the US — Walmart, Kroger, Costco, Walgreens and Home Depot — revealed the following issues: Slow Page Speeds Page load times are critical for retailers. Consumers expect a certain level of performance from the pages they visit, and are likely to leave pages that do not appear in a certain timeframe. For e-commerce websites, slow pages translate directly into lost sales. Surprisingly, the top two retailers, Walmart and Kroger, performed the worst in our speed tests. Some of their pages took as long as 13 seconds to load. According to Kissmetrics, 47 percent of consumers expect a web page to load in two seconds or less, and a one second delay in page response can result in a 7 percent reduction in conversions. For large retailers like Walmart and Kroger, this can result in millions of dollars in lost sales. Websites are generally slow because of third-party services and their associated DNS lookups. The top retailers employ sophisticated marketing technologies to study and forecast consumer buying patterns. They do this by adding third-party services that capture and report this information. The problem is that there are many criteria that can be analyzed, and each will often add a separate DNS lookup. Sometimes, you can track too much. Third-party services are valuable tools to today’s retail marketers, but they can be overused. Be sure to regularly monitor your page load times. If they are longer than two seconds, reduce the number of third-party services, pre-fetch DNS requests or move tracking scripts to your CDN.  Lack of Security Security is a must on retail websites. Customers are required to enter sensitive information in every transaction, and it is critical that retailers protect this information every step of the process. Given that, it's surprising that Home Depot’s main website does not use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), a standard technology for establishing a secure link between a browser and a web server. It uses encryption technology to protect all communications. To be fair, Home Depot does use SSL once you are on the transaction pages, but even parts of those pages are not secure and will trigger Mixed Content warnings in some browsers. This will leave some users wondering if the experience is secure. Home Depot should use SSL throughout its website. Its web developers might argue that they took this approach to keep the website lean and fast. That is true, but the impact is very small. If the developers implemented SSL throughout the website, they could easily offset any hit on performance by scaling and optimizing some of the images on their site.   Google recognizes the risks. Google’s popular Chrome browser — which has 42 percent market share according to NetMarketShare — is going to start warning users about SSL compliance on websites. The browser will start shaming websites that don’t have SSL on them by displaying a red “X” next to their URL to warn users of the security risks. SSL utilization also impacts rankings within Google’s search results algorithm. Poor SEO SEO (Search Engine Optimization) is the collection of strategies and techniques retailers use to get their products in front of potential customers via the popular search engines (e.g., Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc.). Many customers — even avid Amazon customers — usually start their online shopping at Google because it allows them to compare prices at multiple stores. If the pricing is about the same, Amazon may earn the sale. However, if another retailer offers exceptionally pricing, then they will probably buy it there. The top five retailers we analyzed all could stand improvement based on our SEO tests. They all tend to reuse the same descriptions, headings or keywords across multiple product pages, which makes it difficult to differentiate the product pages. It's very difficult to write unique product descriptions and headers for hundreds of thousands of products. Instead, large retailers may auto-generate their descriptions and headings where they haven’t curated the SEO tags. This is an area that could offer a distinct advantage for smaller retailers. Large retailers don’t have the manpower to effectively market every product, but specialty retailers could successfully own a brand or niche. For example, a specialty kitchen supplier will never sell as many faucets as Home Depot, but it might want to own the Google keywords for specific high-end brands to drive customers to its store. Website Analysis is Critical This review of the top retailer websites revealed some very common issues that can be easily diagnosed through proper website analysis. Website analysis is an important part of the website development and maintenance process. At the end of the day, the goal is to sell as many products online as possible. That cannot be achieved without first providing a fast, safe and secure web experience. This article is based on website analysis performed in mid-October 2016.  No destructive testing occurred. About the Author Taz Lake is the founder and CEO of Brightmill, where he uses his expertise in program management, system implementation, architecture and interface design and integration to help clients improve their websites. Taz previously served in leadership and technical roles at McKesson, ARRIS, and MCI. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers The Collaboration Community's Big Dirty Productivity Secret 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things DX Summit Buzz Underscores the Importance of Digital Transformation DX Summit Discussion: Who Is Driving Your Digital Transformation? SDL Enhances Computer-Assisted Translation, Pins Future on Improved DX Meghan Walsh Tells DX Summit Attendees: Get a Grip on Digital Assets, Content DX Summit Keynoter Brian Solis: The Irony of Writing a Book About Digital Experience Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags dxm, digital experience, cxm, customer experience, taz lake, website development, website optimization   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 22 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Productivity Paradox #SocBizChat Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Dec 8 [CMSWire Webinar] Redefine Your Digital Asset Strategy for 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light view comments Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' view comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments The Collaboration Community's Big Dirty Productivity Secret view comments 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
CLOSE Daily News Business IT&Online Politics Justice Social Legal People Entertainment Culture Events Cinema Charities Sports Discover Romania Travel Planner Famous RO RO entrepreneurs History & Holidays RO Music RO Art & Culture Language Experience Romania Food Restaurant Review Film Review Expat Life Expat Profile Practical Romania Expat Interviews Careers in RO Community Voice Opinion Advice Intercultural 10 °C Bucharest Nov 20, 19:44 Advertise here About Us Team Editorial Advertising & Media Services Guest Writers Contact Editorial Advertising & Media Services Admin Get Press Review Demo Sign in / Register LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Daily News Business IT&Online Politics Justice Social Legal People Entertainment Culture Events Cinema Charities Sports Discover Romania Travel Planner Famous RO RO entrepreneurs History & Holidays RO Music RO Art & Culture Language Experience Romania Food Restaurant Review Film Review Expat Life Expat Profile Practical Romania Expat Interviews Careers in RO Community Voice Opinion Advice Intercultural Google SearchSearch this website daily news IT&Online Google offers EUR 850,000 to three investigation journalism projects in Romania 18 Nov 2016 by Romania Insider Leave a comment Google has selected three journalistic projects in Romania that will get EUR 850,000 total financing in the second round of the group’s Digital News Initiative (DNI). All three projects focus on investigation journalism. The Romanian Center for Investigation Journalism (CRJI) will get EUR 400,000 from Google to develop, prototype, and test an open source digital toolkit to facilitate investigative collaborations. “When fully developed, the kit will allow for distributed, non-hierarchical data analysis, sharing, information exchange and annotation, while giving network members distributed and granular control over data management,” reads the project’s presentation. The goal is to provide investigative journalists with a secure and integrated environment to enable distributed, liquid collaboration on journalistic projects. The Journalism Development Network will also get EUR 400,000 for its Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project. “Our project will create a research platform designed as a turnkey solution for small media or small investigative teams within large media, to accelerate and simplify the work of investigative reporters and save on major costs,” reads the project’s description. The investigation journalism platform Rise Project also got a EUR 50,000 financing for a prototype project called CPR-Breathing New Life Into Investigative Reporting. “We believe that crime and corruption are commodities that are traded and reused across geographies. CPR will collect local corruption patterns, will turn them into code/search queries and will make them reusable to identify new corruption instances in other places,” reads the description. On November 17, Google has announced 124 journalism projects all over Europe that will get EUR 24 million worth of financing in the second round of the group’s Digital News Initiative. Romania is in the top 10 grants this time. In the first financing round, only two projects in Romania got funding worth EUR 100,000 in total. Google financed 128 projects with a total of EUR 27.3 million in that round. Google has pledged to grant EUR 150 million financing in three years to support the media sector in Europe. Find more information about Google’s initiative and the projects financed so far here. editor@romania-insider.com Romania Insider Search on the web You might also be interested in these stories Lebanese and Frenchman sentenced to jail in Romania for drug trafficking 16 Nov 2016Justice Health and family, the most important things for 99% of Romanians 15 Nov 2016social Romanian public radio’s managers, board members prosecuted for abuse of office 18 Nov 2016social Less than a quarter of the companies in Romania use donation tax facility 14 Nov 2016business Fiscal Council: Romania will have the lowest tax income in 20 years 16 Nov 2016business Romanian MP: ASF made severance payments worth EUR 3.6 mln 14 Nov 2016business Facebook Comments Romania Insider Newsletter Stay in touch with all that matters to you with our free daily newsletter. From Our Partners (P) Prepare your business for 2017 – join NRCC Night of... 3 Nov 2016 / Advertorials The Netherlands Romanian Chamber of Commerce (NRCC) organises on 24th of November, at JW Marriott Bucharest Grand Hotel, the 2nd edition of the NRCC... (P) Dynamic Plaza, green roof terraces and friendly work spaces in Bucharest Centre Advertising - 1 Nov 2016 (P) Exclusive Beauty & Fashion Shows: New shopping experience in Little Paris! Advertising - 28 Oct 2016 (P) Increase your visibility on the expat market in Romania: Join the Expat Fair! Advertising - 27 Oct 2016 (P) Fine drinks tasting events, networking evenings and an excellent ambiance at Noble Drinks... Advertising - 21 Oct 2016 Top Articles Romanian women’s salary expectations, 20% lower than men’s 16 Nov 2016 Real Madrid makes ten times more money than all football clubs... 18 Nov 2016 Romanian lender Banca Transilvania doubles net profit in the first nine... 15 Nov 2016 Romanian prosecutors arrest 11 hackers for international online scams 16 Nov 2016 Google offers EUR 850,000 to three investigation journalism projects in Romania 18 Nov 2016 Education in Romania (P) King’s Oak British International School – caring for others 14 Oct 2016 / Advertorials Education is not only about learning new skills in literacy and numeracy or science, it is about using those skills to improve the world... (P) A School in an Oak Forest Advertising - 13 Oct 2016 (P) Keep the communication door open and kids away from dependence Advertising - 10 Oct 2016 (P) The learning journey begins! Building strong children at King’s Oak British International School Advertising - 9 Sep 2016 (P) American International School of Bucharest (AISB) partners with Microsoft to lead the next... Advertising - 14 Jun 2016 Looking for a Job in Romania? What: Where: jobs by Contact About Us Advertise here Get Press Review Demo editorial guidelines testimonials terms and conditions privacy policy Consumer’s protection – ANPC Business Insider SRL is a carrier of data with personal character, registered in the "Registrul de Evidenta a Prelucrarilor de Date cu Caracter Personal" with the no. 28263. © 2016 City Compass Media and/or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More Want to be up to speed with what's happening in Romania? We'll send your first batch of news for the day directly to your inbox. Subscribe to our mailing list Romania Insider Daily distribution list I also want to receive the weekly newsletter from City Compass with events & recommendations
null
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines (3rd LD) S. Korea rejects Google's request for map data, citing security concerns 2016/11/18 17:47 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print (ATTN: ADDS background info in last 3 paras) SEOUL/SUWON, South Korea, Nov. 18 (Yonhap) -- South Korea decided Friday not to allow Google Inc. to take government-supplied map data outside the country, citing possible security breaches. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, which supervises mapping policy, announced the decision after a meeting with officials from the foreign, defense and other-related ministries. "There are security concerns amid the confrontation between the South and the North," the ministry said. "(The ministry) suggested Google come up with supplementary measures to relieve security concerns, but Google did not accept this."    The Seoul government had said it might allow Google to use the government-supplied map data if it deleted or blurred sensitive and military facilities, including the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., expressed disappointment over the much-awaited decision. "Google also considers national security as a very important issue, but the decision is regrettable," Google said in a statement. "The company will make efforts to offer map services within the scope of the relevant laws."    Google launched its basic map service in South Korea in 2008 but has been unable to offer its full range of features, including 3-D maps and driving directions. Google first sought approval from the Seoul government in 2010 to store South Korean map data in its foreign servers, such as those in Singapore and the United States. The request was rejected by the government due to South Korea's National Security Law, drafted more than a half century ago to fight communism, that bans the South Korean government from sending such map data to other countries. Google said the government's restriction of the data is limiting the company's service and prohibits access to the mobile game "Pokemon Go," which became a global hit earlier this year. Google pointed out that the augmented reality (AR) game is not available in most parts of South Korea because the game uses data from the company's mapping service. Industry analysts said Google is very unlikely to again file the request as the Seoul government would not change the stance. "It would only be possible for the restriction to be eased if Google intends to accept the South Korean government's request such as blurring or deleting some images," said an analyst. "There is question whether Google would accept the request after taking into consideration of the strong stance it has taken so far."    The tech giant can only currently offer 20 percent of its map services in South Korea, one of the world's most wired nations with more than 85 percent of its population accessing the Internet. Choi Byung-nam, head of the National Geographic Information Institute, talks to reporters on Nov. 18, 2016. The institute, under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, decided not to allow global giant Google Inc. to export government-supplied map data outside the country, citing caution against possible security breaches that might aid North Korea. (Yonhap) khj@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus S. Korean companies showcase latest industrial innovations Park seen fighting back amid resignation calls Experts divided over registration of Hwang's stem cell line Samsung emerges as major player in auto electronics through mega-merger Design fair helps foreign firms tap Korean market S. Korean parties startled by U.S. election outcome (News Focus) Trump's victory heightens policy uncertainty for S. Korea: experts S. Korean businesses brace for 'Trump Shock' News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines 4 from NY among 32 Americans named as Rhodes Scholars Updated: 2 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Four New Yorkers have been selected among 32 Americans named to the 2017 class of Rhodes Scholars. The recipients were picke… ‘Fantastic Beasts’ spins magic, ‘Billy Lynn’s’ tanks Updated: 2 mins ago LOS ANGELES (AP) — Harry Potter spinoff “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them” cast a spell over audiences, summoning $75 million accordi… Judge allows suit by ex-TV anchor fired after online remarks Updated: 2 mins ago Egypt to try nearly 300 over attacks, assassination plot 11:34 am The Latest: Obama, Putin discuss Syria conflict, Ukraine Updated: 2 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 32° F Overcast Feels Like: 20° F Wind: WNW 20 Humidity: 79% Dewpoint: 26° F Sunrise: 7:13 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Here is the Illinois Scorecard from The Associated Press Updated: 9 mins ago SATURDAY’S GAMES NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION Los Angeles Clippers 102, Chicago 95 NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE St. Louis 3, Nashville 1 Chicag… St. Francis (Pa.) beats D-III Chatham 119-59 Updated: 9 mins ago LORETTO, Pa. (AP) — Andre Wolford made 3 of 6 from 3-point range and scored 17 points in 16 minutes to help St. Francis (Pa.) beat Division … Parks, Dawson help Northridge hold off N. Illinois 84-82 Updated: 9 mins ago UNLV holds off Cal State Fullerton 77-68 Updated: 9 mins ago Durham leads Bakersfield past Santa Barbara 77-70 Updated: 9 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F Google disappointed by South Korean refusal on mapping data YOUKYUNG LEE, The Associated Press Published: November 18, 2016, 2:34 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea rejected a request by Google to use local mapping data in the company’s global maps service in a long-awaited ruling Friday that had divided the country for months. The company said it was disappointed by the decision, which the land ministry said was based on concerns over national security. “We’re disappointed by this decision. We’ve always taken security concerns very seriously and will continue to provide useful map services in compliance with Korea’s current map data export regulation,” Taj Meadows, a Google spokesperson, said in a statement. The South Korean government said the risks outweighed benefits from exporting the country’s mapping data to Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc. South Korea, facing the overt threat of rival North Korea, bars exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate domestic data servers. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., handles its maps service at data centers outside South Korea. The restrictions have limited the usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since the app cannot offer driving or walking directions. The government had proposed granting permission to Google to use local mapping data for Google Maps if the company would blur sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite map. “Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting (the local mapping data),” said Kim Tong-il, an official at the land ministry. “Google’s position is that it won’t delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless.” South Korea has been divided over the issue since Google filed its request in June. The government extended an August deadline to this month, highlighting disagreements between government ministries. The long-time deliberation reflects growing support for Google within some government ministries that are trying to promote tourism and local firms’ overseas businesses. One of the biggest inconveniences that foreign tourists run into in South Korea, which has some of the fastest and cheapest internet access in the world, is the lack of an online mapping service with navigation and directions in foreign languages. Some local businesses and consumers opposed giving Google full access to the local mapping data, saying it would be unfair to local companies that operate local data servers to support their map services. They said Google should build data centers in South Korea instead of seeking an exemption from the rules. Google said earlier that restricting Google Maps in South Korea would be an inconvenience for foreigners visiting the host country of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018. It also argued that restrictions on exporting the local mapping data could hinder efforts of companies to roll out global services using locations data and will deprive local consumers of cutting-edge services. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Coverage of Disruptive Science and Technology Forum About Contact Facebook twitter Google November 15, 2016 Google forms artificial intelligence group for Google Cloud artificial intelligence, google, machine learning Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit Alphabet's Google announced the formation of an artificial intelligence group for Google Cloud, the tech company's latest gambit to increase its market share in the lucrative cloud computing business. Diane Greene, who leads Google's cloud business, announced the team at an event at the company's facilities in San Francisco. The group will be led by Fei-Fei Li, an artificial intelligence professor at Stanford University, and researcher Jia Li. “What really attracted these two people to come and be in Google Cloud is a chance to democratize machine learning and artificial intelligence," Greene said. The Google Cloud group itself was announced at the end of September, 2016 SOURCES- Reuters, Google Author: brian wang on 11/15/2016 Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit Newer Post Older Post Home Форма для связи Name Email * Message * Archive ▼  2016 (2019) ▼  11/13 - 11/20 (55) US Seawolf class submarines are bigger and faster ... Only the costs of the Space Launch System are goin... Russia near to launching hypersonic missile on top... Planetary Resources And The Government Of Luxembou... Mach 3 Brahmos missile could be adapted for FGFA s... India is the worlds fourth largest military spende... Elon Musk claims solar roof looks better than a no... China will need to subsidize and import natural ga... China, India and Megacities have significant globa... Final version of NASA EMdrive paper confirms 1.2 m... CRISPR gene editing will be used in living humans ... China should have a dozen J-20 stealth fighters de... Superearth of 5.4 earth masses found around dwarf ... DARPA extends surface submarine hunting drone test... DARPA ordering a second large ship launched drone ... Where fixed wing aircraft cannot fly and helicopte... Back to the Future 2 was close on World Series Cub... US engineering big upgrades for M1A2 SEP v4 Abrams... France plans to shutdown four remaining coal power... Australia developing low cost hypersonic second st... Spacex filed with FCC to operate 4400 satellites a... Novel approach for precision medicine and drug dis... The US military should look to Sweden for military... Private Space Stations could start launching in 20... Boeing and Saab are making a fighter that beats th... Google offers a wifi mesh of three routers for fas... Estimate of 20 Billion Barrels of Oil in Texas’ Wo... World Energy Outlook 2016 sees renewables and natu... Google Experimenting at the crossroads of Artifici... Google forms artificial intelligence group for Goo... The F-35 stealth fighter was the only major weapon... Carnival of Nuclear Energy 334 Carnival of Space 483 Russia indicates that they are matching US hard an... Blood from young people have protein factors that ... Top Trump Advisor signals interest in possible coo... Korea unveils door-to-door self-driving taxi Outline of Numbers mentioned for a Trump Defense B... Wearable Terahertz Scanning Device for Inspection ... Boom Technology shows full sized engineering mocku... Tomsk State University researchers target boosting... A good space policy would be to start accessing sp... 17 countries cooperating on Molten Salt Nuclear Re... Pro-military analysts are happy Trump is talking a... India's second domestic aircraft carrier will be n... Asia supergrid could transmit renewable electrical... Sampling the Atmosphere of Europa can provide insi... DARPA Advanced Radioactive Threat Detection System... Anime Legend Miyazaki will make another full lengt... Rundown of World views on the Trump Presidency Gigawatt scale solar thermal generates steam for e... US China Trade Wars in the near term and long term... Developing Countries, China and Advanced Countries... Ghost in the Shell Live Action with Scarlett Johan... Zubrin talks about the Ron Howard Mars TV show and... ►  11/06 - 11/13 (60) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (64) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (52) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (60) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (42) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (48) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (49) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (58) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (34) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (44) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (73) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (59) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (55) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (35) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (43) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (65) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (65) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (61) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (46) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (58) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (58) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (50) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (42) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (37) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (37) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (35) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (36) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (28) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (33) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (29) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (53) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (20) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (40) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (23) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (32) ►  02/28 - 03/06 (27) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (26) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (37) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (42) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (32) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (28) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (36) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (33) ►  2015 (1921) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (51) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (33) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (26) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (37) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (38) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (49) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (33) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (40) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (43) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (48) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (40) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (42) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (39) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (28) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (38) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (31) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (38) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (41) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (42) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (41) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (39) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (35) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (35) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (42) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (43) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (46) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (21) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (42) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (29) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (29) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (33) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (51) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (44) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (28) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (34) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (33) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (32) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (24) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (34) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (28) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (42) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (38) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (33) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (28) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (36) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (25) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (34) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (49) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (45) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (43) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (43) ►  2014 (1818) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (27) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (32) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (39) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (46) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (44) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (21) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (42) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (40) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (35) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (49) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (37) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (38) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (34) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (37) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (37) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (39) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (34) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (34) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (30) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (44) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (44) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (34) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (34) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (23) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (21) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (37) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (17) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (38) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (32) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (34) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (43) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (32) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (34) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (34) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (28) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (30) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (40) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (32) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (41) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (41) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (18) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (32) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (32) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (35) ►  02/23 - 03/02 (32) ►  02/16 - 02/23 (26) ►  02/09 - 02/16 (36) ►  02/02 - 02/09 (29) ►  01/26 - 02/02 (35) ►  01/19 - 01/26 (43) ►  01/12 - 01/19 (46) ►  01/05 - 01/12 (46) ►  2013 (2117) ►  12/29 - 01/05 (50) ►  12/22 - 12/29 (31) ►  12/15 - 12/22 (47) ►  12/08 - 12/15 (44) ►  12/01 - 12/08 (57) ►  11/24 - 12/01 (51) ►  11/17 - 11/24 (46) ►  11/10 - 11/17 (39) ►  11/03 - 11/10 (48) ►  10/27 - 11/03 (53) ►  10/20 - 10/27 (48) ►  10/13 - 10/20 (37) ►  10/06 - 10/13 (52) ►  09/29 - 10/06 (51) ►  09/22 - 09/29 (39) ►  09/15 - 09/22 (44) ►  09/08 - 09/15 (38) ►  09/01 - 09/08 (38) ►  08/25 - 09/01 (56) ►  08/18 - 08/25 (43) ►  08/11 - 08/18 (40) ►  08/04 - 08/11 (54) ►  07/28 - 08/04 (52) ►  07/21 - 07/28 (25) ►  07/14 - 07/21 (28) ►  07/07 - 07/14 (31) ►  06/30 - 07/07 (29) ►  06/23 - 06/30 (29) ►  06/16 - 06/23 (35) ►  06/09 - 06/16 (41) ►  06/02 - 06/09 (39) ►  05/26 - 06/02 (34) ►  05/19 - 05/26 (49) ►  05/12 - 05/19 (37) ►  05/05 - 05/12 (48) ►  04/28 - 05/05 (37) ►  04/21 - 04/28 (44) ►  04/14 - 04/21 (39) ►  04/07 - 04/14 (33) ►  03/31 - 04/07 (37) ►  03/24 - 03/31 (37) ►  03/17 - 03/24 (36) ►  03/10 - 03/17 (37) ►  03/03 - 03/10 (52) ►  02/24 - 03/03 (40) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (35) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (27) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (34) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (36) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (32) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (27) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (51) ►  2012 (2728) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (29) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (34) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (45) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (41) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (51) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (39) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (63) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (50) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (60) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (40) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (39) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (51) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (50) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (37) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (44) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (38) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (41) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (52) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (45) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (44) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (52) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (53) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (53) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (46) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (39) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (53) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (48) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (51) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (57) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (54) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (48) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (51) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (62) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (45) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (54) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (59) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (68) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (54) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (54) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (70) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (74) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (65) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (63) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (71) ►  02/26 - 03/04 (57) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (58) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (38) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (54) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (50) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (60) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (62) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (52) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (60) ►  2011 (3141) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (35) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (53) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (58) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (77) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (78) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (67) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (76) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (70) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (44) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (62) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (54) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (58) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (65) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (63) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (57) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (57) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (60) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (70) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (47) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (46) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (42) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (51) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (45) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (54) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (71) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (54) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (70) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (51) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (57) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (32) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (60) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (69) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (52) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (71) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (52) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (58) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (67) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (69) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (75) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (70) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (89) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (65) ►  02/27 - 03/06 (68) ►  02/20 - 02/27 (55) ►  02/13 - 02/20 (57) ►  02/06 - 02/13 (50) ►  01/30 - 02/06 (79) ►  01/23 - 01/30 (73) ►  01/16 - 01/23 (65) ►  01/09 - 01/16 (70) ►  01/02 - 01/09 (57) ►  2010 (2288) ►  12/26 - 01/02 (24) ►  12/19 - 12/26 (41) ►  12/12 - 12/19 (59) ►  12/05 - 12/12 (53) ►  11/28 - 12/05 (61) ►  11/21 - 11/28 (55) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (46) ►  11/07 - 11/14 (54) ►  10/31 - 11/07 (48) ►  10/24 - 10/31 (60) ►  10/17 - 10/24 (38) ►  10/10 - 10/17 (40) ►  10/03 - 10/10 (39) ►  09/26 - 10/03 (47) ►  09/19 - 09/26 (45) ►  09/12 - 09/19 (39) ►  09/05 - 09/12 (50) ►  08/29 - 09/05 (61) ►  08/22 - 08/29 (50) ►  08/15 - 08/22 (44) ►  08/08 - 08/15 (56) ►  08/01 - 08/08 (57) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (42) ►  07/18 - 07/25 (37) ►  07/11 - 07/18 (29) ►  07/04 - 07/11 (40) ►  06/27 - 07/04 (33) ►  06/20 - 06/27 (44) ►  06/13 - 06/20 (45) ►  06/06 - 06/13 (48) ►  05/30 - 06/06 (30) ►  05/23 - 05/30 (40) ►  05/16 - 05/23 (43) ►  05/09 - 05/16 (43) ►  05/02 - 05/09 (38) ►  04/25 - 05/02 (44) ►  04/18 - 04/25 (40) ►  04/11 - 04/18 (34) ►  04/04 - 04/11 (43) ►  03/28 - 04/04 (40) ►  03/21 - 03/28 (40) ►  03/14 - 03/21 (44) ►  03/07 - 03/14 (36) ►  02/28 - 03/07 (46) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (43) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (38) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (53) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (42) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (41) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (41) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (51) ►  2009 (1346) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (22) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (32) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (33) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (39) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (42) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (29) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (42) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (35) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (30) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (34) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (36) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (38) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (38) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (36) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (31) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (28) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (27) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (25) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (18) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (24) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (26) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (28) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (33) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (21) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (14) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (15) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (14) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (33) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (19) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (28) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (18) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (14) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (20) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (15) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (24) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (18) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (26) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (19) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (16) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (17) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (25) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (30) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (21) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (21) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (24) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (30) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (29) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (18) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (21) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (27) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (18) ►  2008 (857) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (6) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (6) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (17) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (12) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (12) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (4) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (14) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (16) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (15) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (12) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (15) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (13) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (12) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (23) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (12) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (18) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (21) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (22) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (27) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (19) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (26) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (22) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (24) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (18) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (14) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (28) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (14) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (24) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (14) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (18) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (22) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (9) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (15) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (7) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (10) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (12) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (19) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (19) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (20) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (13) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (14) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (25) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (13) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (19) ►  02/24 - 03/02 (12) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (10) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (20) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (16) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (20) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (21) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (21) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (22) ►  2007 (954) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (10) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (12) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (21) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (16) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (12) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (24) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (17) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (29) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (20) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (14) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (20) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (26) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (27) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (18) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (14) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (26) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (14) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (1) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (12) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (13) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (11) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (6) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (10) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (32) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (11) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (19) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (9) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (29) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (23) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (21) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (15) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (15) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (24) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (21) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (21) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (33) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (20) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (24) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (15) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (17) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (19) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (18) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (14) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (12) ►  02/25 - 03/04 (26) ►  02/18 - 02/25 (20) ►  02/11 - 02/18 (21) ►  02/04 - 02/11 (19) ►  01/28 - 02/04 (15) ►  01/21 - 01/28 (19) ►  01/14 - 01/21 (30) ►  01/07 - 01/14 (19) ►  2006 (824) ►  12/31 - 01/07 (23) ►  12/24 - 12/31 (2) ►  12/17 - 12/24 (12) ►  12/10 - 12/17 (15) ►  12/03 - 12/10 (21) ►  11/26 - 12/03 (11) ►  11/19 - 11/26 (25) ►  11/12 - 11/19 (20) ►  11/05 - 11/12 (9) ►  10/29 - 11/05 (19) ►  10/22 - 10/29 (16) ►  10/15 - 10/22 (21) ►  10/08 - 10/15 (13) ►  10/01 - 10/08 (17) ►  09/24 - 10/01 (27) ►  09/17 - 09/24 (15) ►  09/10 - 09/17 (20) ►  09/03 - 09/10 (9) ►  08/27 - 09/03 (24) ►  08/20 - 08/27 (15) ►  08/13 - 08/20 (37) ►  08/06 - 08/13 (25) ►  07/30 - 08/06 (20) ►  07/23 - 07/30 (24) ►  07/16 - 07/23 (28) ►  07/02 - 07/09 (4) ►  06/25 - 07/02 (36) ►  06/18 - 06/25 (49) ►  06/11 - 06/18 (44) ►  06/04 - 06/11 (28) ►  05/28 - 06/04 (16) ►  05/21 - 05/28 (12) ►  05/14 - 05/21 (7) ►  05/07 - 05/14 (11) ►  04/23 - 04/30 (6) ►  04/16 - 04/23 (9) ►  04/09 - 04/16 (8) ►  04/02 - 04/09 (19) ►  03/26 - 04/02 (11) ►  03/19 - 03/26 (14) ►  03/12 - 03/19 (21) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (20) ►  02/26 - 03/05 (17) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (6) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (2) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (5) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (4) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (1) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (2) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (4) ►  2005 (59) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (3) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (4) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (5) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (6) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (6) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (6) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (6) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (6) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (1) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (3) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (8) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (5) ►  1999 (2) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (1) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (1) Top sites Oil Price Best of NextbigFuture in 2009 to Week 45 Biosingularity Brian's bio page at the Lifeboat Foundation Build new worlds = Go for Greatness Centauri Dreams Center for Responsible Nanotech Blog Coal is really bad Diamond semiconductors, MNT could break the improvement economic logjam Foresight nanodot Future Pundit Instapundit Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines book online Melanie Swan Futurememes Methuselah foundation blog Molecular nanotechnology search engine Nanotechnology Now Nextbigfuture Flipcard View No nukes means more coal Nuclear Cannon summary Nuclear Green - Charles Barton Quantum computer summary Space and nanotechnology Synthetic biology, DNA/RNA/Protein/self assembly pathway Thorium Energy Thorium, mass produced clean nuclear power Universe Today Blog~nano: Nanoscale Materials Lifeboat foundation blog Nanoparticle drug delivery Community Follow by Email Popular labels future (10416) science (5027) technology (3796) energy (3727) united states (2732) china (2668) world (2637) space (2609) nuclear (2201) physics (2020) economic impact (1941) medicine (1746) materials (1400) military (1388) japan (914) predictions (905) europe (874) robotics (732) russia (708) astronomy (693) nasa (692) oil (663) gadgets (656) gdp (652) environment (622) solar (604) cars (584) economy (577) future weapons (575) disease (573) google (571) launch (571) lasers (553) india (532) fusion (520) airplanes (516) batteries (496) canada (496) darpa (495) life extension (494) propulsion (486) artificial intelligence (483) computers (477) internet (467) public health (464) risks (464) longevity (453) policy (446) UK (441) spacex (435) politics (429) population (426) brain (415) carbon nanotubes (407) navy (406) carnival of space (391) graphene (385) electric cars (380) quantum computer (377) Economics (357) controversial (354) telescope (354) cancer (353) sensors (353) deaths (347) DNA (337) nanotechnology (337) gene therapy (327) smartphone (323) cities (321) qubits (318) uranium (317) enabling technology (315) communication (314) singularity (313) commercialization (309) air force (306) electronics (305) War (303) transhuman (301) stem cells (296) coal (293) antiaging (289) elon musk (284) molecular nanotechnology (280) Mars (274) nanoscale (271) climate change (263) carnival of nuclear energy (261) metamaterials (261) fission (259) wireless (259) superconductor (251) water (242) computer memory (236) poverty (235) UAV (223) asia (221) regeneration (218) air pollution (217) geopolitical (216) movies (216) magnets (214) dwave (213) mit (212) hypersonic (211) gadget (210) supercomputer (210) apple (208) wind (204) moon (195) tissue engineering (192) imaging (191) SENS (190) africa (189) ibm (188) cold fusion (186) food (186) 3d (185) quantum effects (185) army (183) intel (183) adiabatic quantum computer (182) public transportation (181) television (181) additive manufacturing (180) peak oil (180) ships (180) buildings (176) synthetic biology (173) business (172) wealth (170) agriculture (169) cellphone (168) germany (168) displays (166) drones (166) south korea (166) colonization (161) nanoparticles (159) broadband (157) satellites (155) gene sequencing (152) engineering (151) israel (151) DNA nanotechnology (149) lithography (148) thorium (146) natural gas (145) bootstrapping nanotechnology (142) genetic engineering (140) australia (139) personalized medicine (137) computer architecture (135) taiwan (135) education (130) low energy nuclear reactions (130) NIAC (129) superconductors (127) korea (125) bakken (124) iran (124) nvidia (123) weapons (122) exoskeleton (121) north dakota (121) aging (120) computer (120) fiction (119) self assembly (119) dense plasma focus (118) samsung (118) cameras (116) transportation (116) hybrid (115) iphone (115) quantum dots (114) nanowires (112) android (111) france (109) machine learning (109) mind computer interface (108) focus fusion (107) spintronics (107) optical networking (106) sander olson (106) skyscrapers (106) asteroids (105) brain emulation (105) thermoelectric (105) aircraft (104) microscopes (104) geopolitics (102) microsoft (101) oceans (101) proteins (101) rossi (101) interviews (100) optical computing (100) room temperature superconductor (100) telescopes (100) airplane (98) futurist (98) singapore (98) cyborg (97) invisible (97) vaccines (97) mathematics (96) diamond (95) printable electronics (95) tablets (92) exaflop (91) high speed rail (91) biofuels (90) future weapons (90) ultracapacitors (90) terahertz (89) petaflop (88) intelligence (87) molten salt (87) petaflops (86) RNA (85) cognitive enhancement (85) engines (85) iec fusion (84) concentrated solar power (83) manufacturing (83) nanomedicine (81) tablet (81) supercomputers (80) faster than Moore's Law (79) oilsands (79) italy (77) nanomaterials (77) MEMS (76) direct energy weapons (75) finance (74) quantum annealing (74) virus (74) memristors (73) neurons (73) performance enhancement (73) GPGPU (71) cloud computing (71) railgun (71) alzheimer's (70) iraq (70) california (68) rapid manufacturing (68) smartphones (68) submarines (68) plasmonics (67) regenerative medicine (67) saudi arabia (67) submarine (67) global warming (66) silicon photonics (66) nanostructured (65) tesla (64) nanoparticle drug delivery (63) security (63) solar sail (63) speculation (63) transhumanist (61) brazil (60) economies (60) electric planes (60) guided self assembly (60) robots (60) DNA origami (59) crispr (59) deepwater oil (59) mach effect (59) wearable electronics (59) facebook (58) jobs (58) molecular electronics (58) planetary resources (58) alberta (57) nextbigfuture (57) entertainment (56) flexible electronics (56) lab on a chip (55) ocean (55) HP (54) algorithms (54) hydro (54) oil shale (54) ukraine (54) rapid prototyping (53) biomarkers (51) deep learning (51) emdrive (51) lifeboat foundation (50) radiation (50) photonic propulsion (49) gpu (48) quantum computers (48) laser (47) myostatin inhibitors (47) fuel cells (46) mechanical nanotechnology (46) memristor (46) active cloak (45) drexler (45) AMD (44) neuromorphic (44) general fusion (43) mundane singularity (43) Friedlander (42) euv lithography (42) genomics (42) pre-singularity (42) teraflop (42) amazon (41) broad group (41) electric bikes (41) space elevator (41) superlenses (41) wealthy (41) video games (40) holograms (39) mexico (39) nanophotonics (39) star wars (39) exoplanets (38) femtosecond laser (38) genome engineering (38) precursor technology (38) programmable molecular nanotechnology (38) texas (38) atomically precise manufacturing (37) fish (37) high resolution (37) spaceplane (37) zettaflop (37) desalination (36) flash (36) millimeter wireless (36) surveillance (36) 3d. materials (35) blacklight power (35) policies (35) saskatchewan (35) flu (34) indonesia (34) quantum (34) self driving cars (34) terrorism (34) augmented reality (33) camera (33) gigapixel (33) DNA synthesis (32) nanopatterning (32) Project Orion (31) gigabit (31) mitochondria (31) nanoelectronics (31) plasmons (31) fabber (30) robot (30) xprize (30) diamondoid mechanosynthesis (29) exaflops (29) pollution (29) social media (29) MRI (28) construction (28) diabetes (28) drone (28) hyperion power generation (28) hyperloop (28) silicon (28) challenges (27) hunger (27) ocean mining (27) winterberg (27) RNA interference (26) bloodstream robots (26) carbon capture (26) flying car (26) freitas (26) gene synthesis (26) geoengineering (26) gps (26) OLED (25) big data (25) pathway (25) teraflops (25) virtual reality (25) casimir force (24) crowdfunding (24) heartland robotics (24) open source (24) prediction (24) helion energy (23) internet of things (23) nanoimprint (23) robotic (23) roll to roll (23) semiconductor (23) FPGAs (22) computational chemistry (22) electric sail (22) kickstarter (22) superconducting (22) communications (21) cubesat (21) kitegen (21) nanomembranes (21) quantum encryption (21) satellite (21) skyscraper (21) smart grid (21) sports (21) antimatter (20) lighting (20) parkinson's disease (20) planes (20) star trek (20) techonomy (20) brillouin energy (19) contour crafting (19) hong kong (19) medical (19) mobile (19) nanolaser (19) pakistan (19) south america (19) atomic layer deposition (18) biofuel (18) city (18) genes (18) genetics (18) nanocomposites (18) nanodiamond (18) urbanization (18) vietnam (18) zyvex (18) car (17) dna manufacturing (17) ebeam lithography (17) exascale (17) nanoribbons (17) syria (17) terabit ethernet (17) verizon (17) AGI (16) algae (16) electric (16) futurists (16) graphite (16) nems (16) nuclear fusion (16) privacy (16) rapamycin (16) spain (16) spiderfab (16) synthetic life (16) tourism (16) transformation optics (16) transgenic (16) LIDAR (15) antenna (15) defkalion (15) led (15) nanomagnet (15) nanotechnology business (15) nanowire (15) safety (15) seastead (15) solve for x (15) tensilica (15) LPP fusion (14) attosecond laser (14) chemistry (14) commercial (14) cryonics (14) display (14) domes (14) eestor (14) genome (14) liquid fluoride (14) nanoplasmonic (14) power beaming (14) resveratrol (14) sound (14) DNA computers (13) building (13) deep reinforcement learning (13) double lithography (13) epigenetics (13) genescient (13) magnet (13) nanofactory (13) nervous system (13) petrobank (13) telomeres (13) wimax (13) adaptive clinical trials (12) bitcoin (12) cloning (12) cvd (12) nanofibers (12) north korea (12) rejuvenation (12) society (12) south africa (12) space based solar power (12) vaccine (12) video (12) 5g (11) Claytronics (11) UK Ideas Factory (11) bacteria (11) bolonkin (11) crowdsourcing (11) electric car (11) farming (11) gsummit (11) metformin (11) mram (11) nanobots (11) nanorobotics (11) new state of matter (11) phase change material (11) pluto (11) railguns (11) reusable rocket (11) software (11) sony (11) wars (11) RFID (10) asteroid (10) femtotech (10) gas (10) geothermal (10) googlex (10) harvesting (10) hyperlenses (10) innovation (10) law enforcement (10) matter (10) moons (10) nanoantenna (10) nanolithography (10) petabyte (10) plasma (10) sensor (10) terrestrial energy (10) thermo-photovoltaic cells (10) vision (10) Cnano Technology (9) artificial organs (9) bigelow (9) concrete (9) deep mind (9) egypt (9) electricity (9) ereader (9) graphane (9) infrastructure (9) lenr (9) movie (9) nanopores (9) ovonic (9) petawatt (9) petrobakken (9) philippines (9) photonics (9) port security (9) renewable (9) toyota (9) turkey (9) vertical farming (9) DNA nanoarray (8) baidu (8) bioprinting (8) brains (8) crime (8) electron beam (8) fpga (8) fullerenes (8) funding (8) gbps (8) honda (8) kurzweil (8) laptops (8) leap motion (8) nanocomp technologies (8) obesity (8) optogenetics (8) political (8) programmable matter (8) rethink robotics (8) scramjet (8) ASICS (7) ILEMM (7) atomtronics (7) biotechnology (7) cloud (7) computational lithography (7) cryocooling (7) databases (7) ebola (7) ecat (7) engine (7) exoplanet (7) exosuit (7) google loon (7) history (7) hypertelescope (7) meat factories (7) nanoparticle (7) nanosensors (7) red camera (7) room temperature spintronics (7) scooters (7) smart dust (7) soft exoskeleton (7) superintelligence (7) taxes (7) trialpha energy (7) work (7) Rotaxane (6) aerogel (6) antennas (6) atomic swiches (6) battery (6) calico (6) cement (6) computational government (6) conservation (6) corruption (6) dip pen lithography (6) exawatt (6) gene drive (6) genomic engineering (6) high temperature reactor (6) hybrids (6) illusion (6) interstellar (6) interview (6) magnetic (6) marines (6) material (6) mind reading (6) nanodots (6) nanorod (6) nanotubes (6) poor (6) self replication (6) synapse (6) three forks (6) tilera (6) top-down nanotechnology (6) ultrasound (6) MicroRNA (5) algorithm (5) atom circuit (5) brain uploading (5) cleantech (5) cloaking (5) cray (5) cyberwar (5) disruption (5) dubai (5) exponential manufacturing (5) ftl (5) futurism (5) greece (5) h1n1 (5) hoverboard (5) iRNA (5) industry (5) internet of everything (5) magnetic monopoles (5) microscope (5) motorcycles (5) nanodevices (5) nanorods (5) nuclear energy (5) productivity (5) protein (5) quantum well (5) risk (5) silicon valley (5) skylon (5) solar energy (5) stratolaunch (5) sun microsystems (5) terapixel (5) tools (5) trapped ion (5) venezuela (5) Nigel B. Cook (4) abundance (4) annealing (4) artificial life (4) automation (4) beyond cmos (4) bikes (4) boron nanotubes (4) bubbles (4) death (4) diesel (4) emc2 (4) employment (4) entrepreneur (4) ethics (4) flibe energy (4) follistatin (4) george church (4) google glass (4) ipad (4) jetpack (4) malaysia (4) medicine. (4) megacities (4) memcapacitors (4) meminductors (4) merkle (4) microbiome (4) microscale (4) monopoles (4) nanomagnet logic (4) nanomanufacturing (4) nanomembrane (4) nanometals (4) nanomotors (4) nanotip (4) nantero (4) optical tweezers (4) personal transport (4) precision medicine (4) quantum biology (4) rna nanotechnology (4) sensing (4) smartwatch (4) sport (4) super high vision (4) synthetic fuel (4) tanks (4) techology (4) terabit (4) terabyte (4) transparent (4) venus (4) wifi (4) wolfram alpha (4) world war (4) Amazon ec2 (3) aids (3) antilaser (3) avagadro scale computing (3) baldness (3) bioengineering (3) carbon (3) carbyne (3) chromebook (3) diblock copolymer (3) dna brick (3) ebook (3) energy. united states (3) esail (3) exabyte (3) extinction (3) extraterrestrial (3) fast boat (3) faster than light (3) fat (3) fat loss (3) genomes (3) haptic interface (3) health (3) highlights (3) ido bachelet (3) low power (3) magnetics (3) malnutrition (3) metagenomics (3) metallic hydrogen (3) methuselarity (3) mice (3) micronutrient (3) middle class (3) mining (3) montana (3) nano-ionic memory (3) nanopore (3) nanotechnology IPO (3) nuclear fission (3) nutrigenomics (3) parallel (3) petahertz (3) petapixel (3) plasmonic lithography (3) poll results (3) ppp (3) programmable metallization cell (3) quantum computing (3) qubit (3) recombineering (3) services science (3) ship (3) silicene (3) smart cities (3) spaser (3) spinplasmonics (3) stm (3) straintronics (3) supersonic (3) sweden (3) tech (3) twitter (3) uber (3) waters (3) wikileaks (3) wireless power (3) xray (3) zero point energy (3) zettawatt (3) Baxter (2) Ben Goertzel (2) FGPA (2) Freeman Dyson (2) PACER (2) USV (2) alphabet (2) art (2) beam pen lithography (2) biochar (2) buidings (2) cannae (2) capri (2) carbon atomic chains (2) cella energy (2) cells (2) chipsat (2) climate (2) cluster state quantum computer (2) computing (2) data mining (2) data science (2) dell (2) detection (2) device (2) devices (2) drug delivery (2) et energy (2) et3 (2) excitons (2) existential risk (2) field effect transistors (2) fighters (2) finFET (2) flywheel (2) free-piston engine (2) future energy (2) gagdets (2) gbit/s (2) gdp. economic impact (2) gecko (2) gigaflop (2) google future (2) graphics (2) graphyne (2) gravity (2) green (2) head mounted display (2) hoverbike (2) iarpa (2) jovion corporation (2) laser sintering (2) liposuction (2) magnetricity (2) maker (2) mapping (2) medicines (2) metamaterial (2) metmaterials (2) microtechnology (2) miltary (2) nanocrystalline cellulose (2) nanocubes (2) nanodiamonds (2) nanodisks (2) nanoenergetics (2) nanoglue (2) nanolattice (2) nanometer (2) nanooptics (2) nanopillars (2) nanoprobe (2) nanosand (2) nanosheets (2) nanostore (2) nanosurgery (2) nanothread (2) nanowelding (2) neural dust (2) neurorobotics (2) nram (2) pandemic (2) personal aviation (2) picometer (2) picoprojectors (2) popululation (2) printable robots (2) quantum cellular automata (2) quantum dot (2) rail (2) ribosome (2) russian (2) rydberg matter (2) science future (2) space tower (2) spinal cord (2) subatomic (2) synthetic bactera (2) telecopes (2) telsa (2) thinfilm (2) transmutation (2) tricorder (2) triple lithography (2) utility fog (2) uuv (2) venter (2) videos (2) wang bullet (2) wave disc engine (2) wet nanotechnology (2) yottabytes (2) yottaflop (2) youtube (2) z-pinch (2) zettabyte (2) 3rd tsunami (1) Bandung (1) British Columbia (1) Chin (1) Cycle Computing (1) Euclideon (1) GNA nanotechnology (1) Grant Norton (1) H2CAR (1) Herman Kahn (1) I am Legend (1) IEDM (1) James Miller (1) Jason Stowe (1) John Mankins (1) Juan Enriquez (1) Kardashev (1) Keith Lofstrom (1) Lower Montney (1) Montney (1) NENS (1) Peter Glaser (1) R2R production (1) R2RNIL (1) Red Whittaker (1) Rodney Brooks (1) Upper Montney (1) VTOL (1) WW3 (1) acer (1) aerographite (1) afghanistan (1) agricultur (1) alaska (1) aliens (1) alphago (1) analytics (1) anodization nanolithography (1) architecture (1) astronomgy (1) aubrey de grey (1) aurope (1) aviation (1) batteries ibm (1) betteries (1) bio-syntrolysis (1) biocomputers (1) biofab (1) bionano (1) blockchain (1) blue origin (1) boltzmann machine (1) bottom up nanotechnology (1) brian ahern (1) brontobytes (1) buckypaper (1) buckywire (1) cardiovascular (1) carmera (1) chemputer (1) chiha (1) china. energy (1) china. nuclear (1) chiplets (1) cholesterol (1) cold war history (1) colloidal quantum dots (1) comcast (1) computes (1) conditional deep belief network (1) connectomics (1) convergence (1) copper nanowelding (1) cornocopia (1) cortical computing (1) cosmology (1) countries (1) crescent point (1) cryosleep (1) cryptocurrency (1) cyborg camera (1) dark knight (1) dendrimers (1) diamandis (1) diamonds (1) dielectrophoresis (1) drone swarm (1) drug dlelivery (1) dry nanotechnology (1) eagle ford (1) econ (1) economices (1) ecoskeleton (1) electrohydrodynamic (1) elevators (1) enterprise (1) eor (1) et (1) exalfop (1) exponential (1) ferropaper (1) flops (1) free space optics (1) free-piston linear alternator (1) fure (1) future physics (1) future technology (1) future. wireless (1) futute (1) gadgetes (1) gadgets future (1) gadgets sensors (1) gallium nitride (1) gate all around (1) geo (1) geocosmo (1) gigawatt (1) glycerol nucleic acid (1) golden spike (1) googlke (1) graphen (1) graphene monoxide (1) guaranteed income (1) halophytes (1) handheld (1) head transplant (1) helium (1) helphookup.com (1) humor (1) hypersound (1) idaho national lab (1) ieee (1) implantable electronics (1) india science (1) intel future (1) intracellular machines (1) ion beam (1) ivf (1) launch loop (1) launcher (1) lifi (1) litecoin (1) lithium sulfur (1) lunar (1) lysosome (1) mRNA (1) magnetic resonance force microscopy (1) magnetic superatoms (1) magnets. future (1) malaria (1) marvel (1) masdar (1) maser (1) materias (1) mcam (1) media equivalence (1) mediciine (1) memcomputing (1) memflector (1) metabolic engineering (1) metalens (1) metananocircuitry (1) methane (1) methylome (1) microassembly (1) microcontact printing (1) miiltary (1) miitary (1) military geopolitical (1) millimeter scale computing (1) mlitary (1) music (1) nabsys (1) naic (1) nano-origami (1) nanoarches (1) nanobrain (1) nanobubbles (1) nanobuds (1) nanocable (1) nanocar (1) nanoceramic (1) nanochannels (1) nanocones (1) nanodomes (1) nanofluid (1) nanofoam (1) nanogravure (1) nanoionic (1) nanokites (1) nanolipogel (1) nanopantography (1) nanopaper (1) nanoposts (1) nanoscalpels (1) nanoshell (1) nanoshields (1) nanosolder (1) nanostars (1) nanoweave (1) nasa future (1) nasa science (1) nasa. niac (1) neural network (1) neural turing machine (1) neuroprosthesis (1) nias (1) nokia (1) nuclea (1) numenta (1) obama (1) oilsand (1) optalysys (1) optical metamaterial assembly (1) optoelectronic (1) optomec (1) paintable batteries (1) paperphone (1) paralysis (1) peptoid nanotechnology (1) perfect lens (1) petabits (1) phablet (1) phycsics (1) physics science (1) picoscale (1) picosecond (1) plasmene (1) pokemon go (1) polariton superfluid (1) polaritons (1) polaritronics (1) political future (1) poltics (1) popup mems (1) positron dynamics (1) probabilistic CMOS (1) propulsion launch (1) protection (1) protocell (1) quad lithography (1) quantum learning (1) quantum machine learning (1) quantum simulation (1) quantum spin liquid (1) qudits (1) radar future (1) rb2015 (1) regenerative dentistry (1) regulation (1) remote (1) rf-stm (1) scanning beam interference lithography (1) scarcity (1) sceince (1) science fiction calculations (1) science. materials (1) science. quantum communication (1) sciencee (1) sciene (1) senses (1) server sky (1) servers (1) sharing economy (1) skyhook (1) smart dew (1) smokefree cooker (1) solitons (1) sprayon solar power (1) stanene (1) startram (1) statite (1) ste (1) stratosphere (1) stumbleupon (1) supercavitation (1) superinsulator (1) superlattice (1) supply chain (1) synthetic chemistry (1) tcarbon (1) technogy (1) technology energy (1) technology future (1) technology gagdets (1) technolology (1) techonology (1) tegra (1) teleccopes (1) telemedicine (1) terawatt (1) the Hobbit (1) time (1) timing (1) tokomak (1) topological quantum computer (1) tpv cells (1) trains (1) transplant (1) tri-alpha energy (1) tristar (1) tropic thunder (1) turbines (1) tyler formation (1) ultra-short pulse (1) ultravector (1) united (1) universal memory (1) upu (1) user interface (1) vietname (1) voice recognition (1) weapon (1) wearable (1) wearables (1) willow garage (1) wind. solar (1) wnd (1) word (1) x labs (1) zeolites (1) zeptojoules (1) zram (1) Facebook plugin Energy Space Science Technology World Medicine Robotics Quantum Computers Artificial intelligence About Copyright © 2014 New big future Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. About UsContact Facebook twitter Google RSS
null
null
null
null
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Xiaomi Mi Mix review: A gorgeous concept phone come to life By: Aloysius Low Reviewed: November 17, 2016 The Xiaomi Mi Mix phone is almost all screen by Aloysius Low Close Drag   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Previous Next Compare These Google Pixel Phone Apple iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Apple iPhone 7 4 stars CNET Editors' Rating 0 stars Be the first to review! The Good The edgeless display on Xiaomi's Mi Mix is simply amazing, and the ceramic rear gives the phone a luxurious feel. The base model has 128GB of storage. The Bad The phone is only sold in China and in limited quantities, and it's also Xiaomi's most expensive yet. The camera's pretty average at best and taking selfies can be awkward. The Bottom Line The Xiaomi Mi Mix is a glimpse of the all-screen future of phones. But Xiaomi needs to improve on basics like the camera and find a way to make more of these before we can wholeheartedly recommend it. Visit manufacturer site for details. 8.4 Overall Design 9.0 Features 8.0 Performance 9.0 Camera 7.0 Battery 9.0 Review Sections Review Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Mobile Phones Xiaomi Mi Mix The Xiaomi Mi Mix is, I think, what most phones will look like a few years from now. And believe me, it's awesome. The 6.4-inch screen covers almost the entire face of the phone, and the buttons you'd usually find on the front are now onscreen. The premium ceramic back gives the phone a luxurious high-end feel with a very good grip, quite unlike glass. But while the material is pretty hard and scratch resistant, you definitely don't want to drop it. There are some weird omissions and weaknesses. There's only one speaker in the traditional sense, which plays music and video. For calls, the phone uses a "cantilever ceramic piezoelectric actuator", which just means that the phone's body vibrates to deliver sound. The camera isn't great, either. The Mi Mix is only on sale in China, and even there in limited quantities. While you can get it from third-party online resellers, good luck getting it fixed if you break it, as the parts used in the phone are rare as hens' teeth. Plus its 4G LTE bands are limited, so it may not work properly outside China. Xiaomi's Mi Mix is one amazing almost bezel-less... See full gallery 1 - 5 of 16 Next Prev It's also the most expensive Xiaomi phone so far. Our review model costs 3,499 yuan, which converts to around $510, AU$680 or £420. In China, that's about half the price of phones like the Google Pixel. There's also a premium model with 18-carat gold embossing, 6GB 0f RAM (up from 4GB) and 256GB of onboard storage (up from the base model's 128GB) for 3,999 yuan, which is roughly $590, AU$770 or £480. If you're thinking of getting one, bear in mind that Chinese phones don't come with Google services installed (like Google Maps and even Google Play), and you'll have work to do to get those integrated properly. Big screen phones like the Google ​Pi​xel XL or the iPhone 7 Plus are much more easily procured -- you'll just have to accept a smaller screen than the Mi Mix's mammoth 6.4-inch display. Crazy-beautiful edgeless display is incredible I kid you not. While our photos and video might be enough to convince you, it's when you pick up the phone, hold it in your hand and watch the 6.4-inch screen come to life that the whole idea of a magical bezel-less phone sinks in. I've been using the phone for around a week now, and I still can't help but feel amazed every time I turn it on. Now, I'm really not a fan of big-screen phones. I personally feel anything above 6 inches is unusable, and I didn't really like the Xiaomi Mi Max (the company's other super large 6.4-inch phone). Strangely, I found myself learning to like and use the Mix a lot more. The screen is still pretty big, but it doesn't feel it compared to the Max, which is bigger in size thanks to its bezels. The palm rejection system on the Mix is a lot better too, which means you don't tap as many things by accident. View full gallery Look ma, (almost) no bezels! Aloysius Low/CNET An edge-to-edge screen means my palms were almost always touching the display, but despite that I didn't accidentally press buttons I shouldn't have or move the home screen while holding the phone in my hand. This is great, particularly compared with my experiences with phones that don't properly implement this feature. Big screen phones tend to feel unwieldy, but not so with the Mix. While it's a little on the heavy side at 209 grams (7.37 ounces), it's perfectly balanced in your hand. I've been able to use it one handed at times, though it's obviously a lot easier with both hands depending on what you want to do with it, like typing long messages. To get a phone that's mostly all screen, with a 2,080x1,080-pixel display, Xiaomi had to do some pretty nifty engineering. The phone's selfie camera got moved to the bottom of the phone -- not necessarily a good thing, as I'll explain below -- and underneath the display is the piezoelectric actuator that replaces your front speaker. The actuator converts digital signals into analog vibrations, using the body of the phone to deliver sound to your ears. It works, though you can feel the whole phone rumbling in time to your voice call. There's only one thing about the phone I don't really like -- well, apart from how much of a fingerprint magnet it is. It's that the ambient light sensor, located at the bottom chin of the phone, is easily blocked if you're resting the phone on say, a pillow, while using it, leading to a dimmer screen which can make things hard to see in normal light. You can turn off auto-brightness as a solution, so it's a minor irritant in the grand scheme of things. View full gallery While it lacks bezels at the top and sides, the bottom is where you'll find a chin as well as a 5-megapixel selfie camera. Aloysius Low/CNET Android-powered...somewhat Like most Chinese smartphones, the Mi Mix is powered by Android -- in this case, Android 6.0, but a heavily customised version of it called MIUI. This is Xiaomi's version of Android, and it has features taken from both iOS and Google's software. Continue to next page 01 02 Best phones of 2016 See All Google Pixel Phone Starting at: $649.00 4.5 stars With the help of an Assistant, Google's first in-house designed Pixel phone makes a kickass... Apple iPhone 7 Plus Starting at: $769.00 4.5 stars With two rear cameras and true optical zoom, the iPhone 7 Plus is Apple's most sophisticated... Samsung Galaxy S7 Starting at: $469.99 4.5 stars We reviewed the new Samsung Galaxy S7 in London, Berlin, San Francisco and Sydney. It's... Apple iPhone 7 Starting at: $649.00 4.5 stars Beneath a familiar design, the iPhone 7 adds some great improvements, including more speed,... Aloysius Low twitter googleplus Aloysius Low is a Senior Editor at CNET covering mobile and Asia. Based in Singapore, he loves playing Dota 2 when he can spare the time and is also the owner-minion of two adorable cats. See full bio This week on CNET News Trump presidency fuels heated encryption debate Space tourism: When will the rest of us reach orbit? President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy   Discuss: Xiaomi Mi Mix (black) Conversation powered by Livefyre © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines (2nd LD) S. Korea rejects Google's request for map data, citing security concerns 2016/11/18 16:18 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print (ATTN: CHANGES headline; ADDS photo and more info) SEOUL/SUWON, South Korea, Nov. 18 (Yonhap) -- South Korea decided Friday not to allow Google Inc. to take government-supplied map data outside the country, citing possible security breaches. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, which supervises mapping policy, announced the decision after a meeting with officials from the foreign, defense and other-related ministries. "There are security concerns amid the confrontation between the South and the North," the ministry said. "(The ministry) suggested Google come up with supplementary measures to relieve security concerns, but Google did not accept this."    The Seoul government had said it might allow Google to use the government-supplied map data if it deleted or blurred sensitive and military facilities, including the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., expressed disappointment over the much-awaited decision. "Google also considers national security as a very important issue, but the decision is regrettable," Google said in a statement. "The company will make efforts to offer map services within the scope of the relevant laws."    Google launched its basic map service in South Korea in 2008 but has been unable to offer its full range of features, including 3-D maps and driving directions. Google first sought approval from the Seoul government in 2010 to store South Korean map data in its foreign servers, such as those in Singapore and the United States. The request was rejected by the government due to South Korea's National Security Law, drafted more than a half century ago to fight communism, that bans the South Korean government from sending such map data to other countries. Google said the government's restriction of the data is limiting the company's service and prohibits access to the mobile game "Pokemon Go," which became a global hit earlier this year. Google pointed out that the augmented reality (AR) game is not available in most parts of South Korea because the game uses data from the company's mapping service. The tech giant can only currently offer 20 percent of its map services in South Korea, one of the world's most wired nations. Choi Byung-nam, head of the National Geographic Information Institute, talks to reporters on Nov. 18, 2016. The institute, under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, decided not to allow global giant Google Inc. to export government-supplied map data outside the country, citing caution against possible security breaches that might aid North Korea. (Yonhap) khj@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus S. Korean companies showcase latest industrial innovations Park seen fighting back amid resignation calls Experts divided over registration of Hwang's stem cell line Samsung emerges as major player in auto electronics through mega-merger Design fair helps foreign firms tap Korean market S. Korean parties startled by U.S. election outcome (News Focus) Trump's victory heightens policy uncertainty for S. Korea: experts S. Korean businesses brace for 'Trump Shock' News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
Home World news South Korea rejects Google request to take government mapping data out of country South Korea rejects Google request to take government mapping data out of country South Korea said on Friday it has rejected Google's latest request for permission to take government mapping data for use in servers outside the country, citing security issues with North Korea. By: Reuters | Seoul | Published: November 18, 2016 11:33 AM Google, an Alphabet Inc company, has said it needs to use the data on servers worldwide to enable services that would give walking and driving directions in South Korea. (AP) South Korea said on Friday it has rejected Google’s latest request for permission to take government mapping data for use in servers outside the country, citing security issues with North Korea. Google, an Alphabet Inc company, has said it needs to use the data on servers worldwide to enable services that would give walking and driving directions in South Korea. But South Korea, whose 1950-53 war with North Korea ended without a peace treaty, argues that if it allowed such data to leave the country, the locations of military facilities and other sensitive sites could be revealed. The government could grant permission if Google removes images of sensitive sites on its satellite imaging services, an official at the body in charge of mapping data has previously said. But Google has rejected that condition, saying the information is widely available through satellite images that can be purchased freely. The land ministry said it would reconsider if Google changes its position. A Seoul-based spokeswoman for Google did not have immediate comment on Friday’s decision. Separately, Google is under scrutiny in South Korea, with the antitrust regulator examining whether the U.S. firm’s agreements with handset manufacturers on the Android mobile operating system limits market competition. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family India get crucial breakthroughs after Cook-Hamid defiance  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NetflixvsHulu FakeNews Alexa Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Web Sites/ Google Launches AI Web Demos, Try Them for Yourself Google Launches AI Web Demos, Try Them for Yourself By Tom Brant November 15, 2016 06:11pm EST 10 Comments Google is trying to interest consumers in the same machine learning that powers its cloud enterprise software. Google's artificial intelligence engineers like to boast that the company, best known for its Web search innovations, has always been interested in AI and machine learning. A bevy of new AI cloud services for businesses harnesses some code that was written nine years ago, Google VP and Engineering Fellow Fernando Pereira excitedly announced today at the company's office in San Francisco. That's the equivalent of a few millennium in Silicon Valley time. But despite the long gestation period, Google's investment in AI follows a familiar pattern to the rest of its products: it can charge businesses to use some of it, but much more will eventually be given away to consumers for free. So to help pique consumers' interest, Google also launched its A.I. Experiments website today, the brainchild of a handful of mostly millennial coders who work in its Creative Lab in New York City. The site offers five demonstrations intended to convince people that AI isn't just for robots and people with PhDs. The first is Giorgio Cam, which simply asks users to "take a picture to make music with the computer." It works best on an Android device, but you can also use it on a laptop or desktop, too, assuming you haven't taped over your webcam. You take five snapshots, which are sent to the cloud for some image processing so the website can identify them and set them to music. When I tried it on a few objects the engineers had on hand, it recognized a photo of an orange perfectly, but struggled to identify an iPhone depicted on the cover of a copy of Life magazine, labeling it a "gadget" with 76 percent confidence. Next up was A.I. Duets, a delightful glimpse of a future in which computers join virtuosos on stage. You can play a few notes on a virtual keyboard and the computer will continue riffing, sort of like a call-and-response song you might have learned during summer camp or a grade school assembly. It's reminiscent of Project Magenta, Google's project to teach machines to play music. That project, along with the A.I. Experiments website, uses an open-source tool called TensorFlow that Google launched last year and is already catching on among third-party developers. Finally, I tried the Bird Sounds demo, which was exactly what it sounds like, albeit with a searchable matrix that organizes the wavelengths of the calls of more than 14,000 birds. A search for "sparrow," for instance, reveals the quirky warbling of the house sparrow towards the far left of the matrix, while the song sparrow's rich melodies put it in a category all by itself at the far right. Google's intention with its AI demos is clear: it wants to prove that artificial intelligence can be applied to pretty much any human pursuit, from bird watching to making music. //Related Articles Scan Old Photos 'in Seconds' With Google PhotoScan App As Diane Greene, the head of Google Cloud, put it: machine learning is the "the value that's being added to almost any digital thing people do." And if that's too theoretical for you, you're certain to have some boxes of ancient family photos in the basement that could easily benefit from some automatic touch-ups, which the new PhotoScan app for iOS and Android (also announced today) can help you with. Your move, Microsoft and Apple. Back to top Previous : 'Web Of Trust' Browser Extension Cannot Be Trusted By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom FCC Presses Pause on Major Action Until Trump Takes Office The agency won't move forward on many of its key proposals until next year. More » How to Nab a Cheap Roku on Black Friday Roku is discounting its older models as well as its entry-level Streaming Stick and Express+. More » Obama Slams Fake News on Facebook Meanwhile, Mark Zuckerberg has repeatedly denied that it influenced the presidential election. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO Reuters Nov. 18, 2016, 1:02 AM 185 facebook linkedin twitter email print A billboard displays the logo of Snapchat above Times Square in New York Thomson Reuters By Heather Somerville SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Snap Inc, the red-hot messaging company, is seen by many tech investors as the next Facebook or Google, but its youthful founders are pushing far more aggressively than its predecessors in moving from scrappy startup to public company. At a time when it is fashionable in Silicon Valley to stay private as long as possible, Snap is planning an initial public offering valuing it at more than $20 billion just two years after it first began to generate revenue, even though it has plenty of cash and ample opportunity to raise more on the private markets. It is expected to be the biggest U.S. tech IPO since Facebook Inc's 2012 debut. It is also defying convention by declining to bring in "adult supervision" to help 26-year-old co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Evan Spiegel and 28-year-old co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Bobby Murphy manage the company. Imran Khan, a former Credit Suisse banker who played a big role in the Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd IPO in 2014, is emerging as a key figure in his role as chief strategy officer. Some investors remain concerned, however, that the combination of an inexperienced management team and a sky-high valuation could be problematic. "It is a very clearly inexperienced team leading a company that's asking for two things: a huge valuation and a very aggressive multiple," said Max Wolff, a market strategist at 55 Capital. "Once you start asking public investors for 30x earnings, the tolerance for mistake, misadventure and learning on the job goes down." Questions about the management team have lingered after a string of senior executives left following short stints with the company. High-profile departures include Emily White, who joined as chief operating officer from Instagram at the start of 2014 and quit after just more than a year, according to her LinkedIn profile. Mike Randall, who joined Snap from Facebook, left last year after less than a year as head of business and marketing. A spokesman for Snap declined to comment. The executive ranks have since stabilized, and executives such as finance chief Drew Vollero and hardware guru Steve Horowitz have decades of experience. Still, the departure of Jia Li, one of the highest-ranking women at the company and its head of research, to join Alphabet Inc's Google this month left another high-level opening. "I think Snapchat struggles with leadership," said Dave Carvajal, an executive recruiter for tech companies. "Just because something is a great idea, it still has the very real challenge of bringing in the right people." Spiegel, an enigmatic figure who choose to locate the company in the Southern California beach town of Venice rather than Silicon Valley, has not followed the example of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who partnered early on with Sheryl Sandberg, a former Treasury Department official and Google executive. Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin initially ceded the CEO role to veteran technology executive Eric Schmidt. “I think (Spiegel) is a sole dictator type,” said Lyon Wong, a venture capitalist and former partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners, a firm that made multiple early investments into Snap. Hemant Taneja, a managing director at the venture capital firm and Snap investor General Catalyst, pointed to Khan as a key figure in the run-up to the IPO. “I think that hire was critical and they work very well together,” Taneja said. “He has taken a lot of things off of Evan’s plate so he can focus on what he does best.” Taneja said the turnover may be more indicative of Spiegel constantly upgrading the talent in his ranks. “I think that Snapchat does everything in an unconventional way,” Taneja said. “Comparing it to Facebook or another company is an incorrect way to think about it.” Wolff also noted that the company may yet bring in more experienced managers and board members ahead of the IPO. IPO AS MARKETING Snap, valued at about $18 billion, has raised roughly $2.5 billion from investors including mutual fund Fidelity Investments, Sequoia Capital, T. Rowe Price and Alibaba. It raised $1.81 billion as recently as May, according to regulatory filings. The windfall of cash just six months ago, however, did not slow Snap’s IPO talks, which have been ongoing for at least a year, according to sources familiar with the matter. An IPO early next year may help Snap capture pent-up investor demand after a prolonged IPO drought, while also getting out in front of other hotly anticipated debuts from Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Airbnb. “It could be easier to tell your story because everyone will be focused on you and ready for you to make your move,” said Hans Tung, managing partner at GGV Capital. “There will be a lot of demand for this stock.” Some investors said the marketing boost and visibility that comes with an IPO is crucial to help Snapchat get more users outside the United States - and outside its dominant user base of millennials. Snapchat says it has more than 150 million daily active users. “The goal of the company is to grow as fast as possible,” venture capitalist Wong said. “And there are no more 16-year-olds for them to get onto the platform.” An IPO will give the company a more mature image that will appeal to advertisers, investors said. Snap has told investors to expect $1 billion in advertising revenue in 2017, according to sources familiar with the matter. (Additional reporting by Liana Baker in San Francisco and Lauren Hirsch in New York; Writing by Jonathan Weber; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO By Heather SomervilleSAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Industry Tech Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google had close ties with Obama's administration, and its employees donated much more to Hillary Clinton than to Trump. By: Reuters | Published: November 18, 2016 12:25 PM Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content Alphabet Inc’s Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favored the internet giant in the company’s battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favor of telecom firms ahead of Trump’s presidency, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T Inc and CenturyLink Inc. In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler’s high-profile proposal to open up the $20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple Inc. Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a “Google proposal.” “Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has,” said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. “I’m not sure it’s critical to Google’s business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there.” Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC’s moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump’s administration and “could create confusion if reversed.” “The question is how far will the pendulum swing back” in favor of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. “It has swung in Google’s direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler.” Among other regulations, Trump’s Nov. 8 election has increased the chances that Obama’s net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix Inc that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that “the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities” for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. “That’s going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do,” Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump’s victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4 percent, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9 percent and Amazon shares are down 2 percent. AT&T Inc and Verizon Communications Inc shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp shares have soared 7.7 percent. Google did not respond to requests for comment. EXTENSIVE TIES During Obama’s presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group’s Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet’s executive chairman, was seen at Clinton’s Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said “working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture.” “We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle,” the adviser wrote. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favoring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: “I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don’t get that charge.” “Certainly the sort of cozy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump,” Jackdaw Research’s Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. “They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now,” a former Google employee at the company’s Washington office said. “But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this.” Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family India get crucial breakthroughs after Cook-Hamid defiance  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
주메뉴 바로가기 콘텐츠 바로가기 1 / 3 2 / 3 3 / 3 2016.11.21  Mon Select Language Select Language عربي 中国语 English Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 한국어 Русский Español Tiếng Việt News News Politics Economy Inter-Korea International Domestic Culture Science Sports Latest News Video News Hot Issues of the Week Photos Charts & Stats Current Affairs in Focus Program Business & IT Key Business Issue Power of Small Businesses People Touch Base in Seoul Inter-Korea Korea, Today and Tomorrow Life Drama Lines Seoul Travel Tips K-Beauty & Style Culture Creative Minds of Korea Sounds of Korea Korean Folktales Entertainment K-POP News Concert Info K-POP Top 10 PlayList Artists Search Backstage Chat Showcase Message Board About KBS World Radio About KBS World Radio KBS World Radio Programs KBS World Radio Quarterly Quiz Quarterly Quiz Winners Interactive PR Room Message Board Contact Us Reception Report How To Listen Program Pairing English Programs Time & Frequency How to Listen (11 Languages) Shortwave Local FM/AM & Satellite Internet KONG Podcasts RSS Feeds How to Listen English Service Mobile Applications KBS World Radio Mobile KBS World Radio On-Air SNS Twitter(News) Twitter(Feature) Facebook Youtube Channel Win.K (Internet Radio ON-AIR) Win.K 24 (English) Win.K 11 Win.K MUSIC Win.K KPOP+ Win.K KPOPⓔ Latest News Listen Audio Again News Politics Economy Inter-Korea International Domestic Culture Science Sports Latest News Video News Hot Issues of the Week Photos Charts & Stats Current Affairs in Focus Business & IT Key Business Issue Power of Small Businesses People Touch Base in Seoul Inter-Korea Korea, Today and Tomorrow Life Drama Lines Seoul Travel Tips K-Beauty & Style Culture Creative Minds of Korea Sounds of Korea Korean Folktales Entertainment K-POP News Concert Info K-POP Top 10 PlayList Artists Search Backstage Chat Showcase Message Board About KBS World Radio KBS World Radio Programs KBS World Radio Quarterly Quiz Quarterly Quiz Winners Interactive PR Room Message Board Contact Us Reception Report Program Pairing English Programs Time & Frequency How to Listen (11 Languages) Shortwave Local FM/AM & Satellite Internet KONG Podcasts RSS Feeds How to Listen English Service Mobile Applications KBS World Radio Mobile KBS World Radio On-Air SNS Twitter(News) Twitter(Feature) Facebook Youtube Channel Win.K (Internet Radio ON-AIR) Win.K 24 (English) Win.K 11 Win.K MUSIC Win.K KPOP+ Win.K KPOPⓔ Latest News Listen Audio Again Home About KBS World Radio Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Reception Report 브라우저가 인라인 프레임을 지원하지 않거나 현재 인라인 프레임을 표시하지 않도록 설정되어 있습니다. Politics Home > News > News > Politics S. Korea Denies Google Plan to Export Government-Supplied Map Data Write : 2016-11-18 15:14:43 Update : 2016-11-18 16:28:02 South Korea denied Google's plan to export government-supplied map data outside the country.   The National Geographic Information Institute(NGII) made the decision at a meeting with officials from the Science, Foreign, Unification, Defense, Interior and Trade ministries on Friday.   The NGII said Google's request could exacerbate security threats amid the confrontation between the two Koreas. The institute said it asked Google to come up with measures to ease its concerns, but Google refused.   The state-run institute said it requested that Google blur or provide low-resolution images of sensitive facilities, but was rejected. News List Opp. Heavyweights Call for Parliamentary Discussion of Park's Impeachment 2016-11-20 Opposition: Conditions Met to Impeach Park 2016-11-20 Saenuri Party Doubtful of Accomplice Accusation 2016-11-20 President Faces Special Independent Counsel Probe 2016-11-20 Prosecution Finds President Park Accomplice to Choi Soon-sil Scandal 2016-11-20 Prime Minister Meets with Peruvian Leaders on Economic Cooperation 2016-11-20 Top Office on Emergency Mode Amid Nationwide Rallies 2016-11-20 Saenuri to Humbly Adhere to Public Sentiment at Rally 2016-11-19 Foreign Ministry Names New Ambassadors 2016-11-18 Top Office Hits Martial Law Remark by DP Chief 2016-11-18    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  Internet Radio On-Air Window to KBS WORLD Radio Window to KOREA Win.k 24 Win.k 11 Win.k MUSIC Win.k KPOP PLUS Win.k KPOP E Major News Prosecution Finds President Park Accomplice to Choi Soon-sil Scandal Opp. Heavyweights Call for Parliamentary Discussion of Park's Impeachment Swimmer Park Tae--hwan Wins 4 Gold at Asian Championships SNS Facebook News Features Youtube More Service KBS World Radio Mobile The new app consolidates KBS World Radio’s news and feature contents with services previously provided through separate apps... < 1 / 4 > KBS World Radio On-Air On-Air app is specifically designed for quick and easy access to audio services for KBS World Radio programs in 11 languages. < 2 / 4 > RSS Service You can subscribe to KBS World Radio’s news and other Web contents through RSS < 3 / 4 > Podcasts You can download KBS World Radio News in eleven languages through Podcast KBS Radio Tune < 4 / 4 > Home About KBS World Radio Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Reception Report 관련 사이트 관련 사이트 바로가기 KBS Family Sites KBS Website KBS Website(in English) KBS America KBS Japan KBS World TV Copyright © 2013 KBS World Radio All Rights Reserved. This website is sponsored by the Korea Communications Commission.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sun, Nov 20, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Planet Business: ‘Jams’, ‘Bonesmen’ and dirty linen British prime minister Theresa May is to prioritise the Just About Managing Fri, Nov 18, 2016, 07:00 Laura Slattery Google chief executive Sundar Pichai: not fully sure” whether fake news had contributed to the outcome of the US election.         In numbers: Dirty linen 750,000 Number of “Egyptian cotton” sheets sold by Target that were found by the US retailer not to contain any Egyptian cotton at all. You can’t trust anyone these days. 40 Percentage tumble in the share price of Welspun India Ltd, the supplier that is now the subject of several lawsuits in the US over mislabelled sheets – a scandal Bloomberg said had “created a king-sized public relations challenge” for the industry. 6,000 Number of towels made by Welspun subsidiary Christy for use by players at the Wimbledon tennis tournament. The women players are given pink ones, so that’s nice. Image of the week: Basic sums With his background in engineering, Sundar Pichai has probably got the hang of the whole maths thing by now, although as the Indian-born Google chief executive is a US citizen, he may be more of a “math” man. Pichai dropped in to a London primary school this week as the tech giant announced plans to bring virtual-reality technology to a million UK schoolchildren under a new learning initiative. Later, when asked about the fake news problem, Pichai admitted he was “not fully sure” about whether it had contributed to the outcome of the US election, and said Google would “work hard” to improve its algorithms. Perhaps some of the million schoolchildren will one day be able to help. Photograph: Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire The lexicon: Jams “Jams” are nothing to do with the “innovative jams”, which some may remember are part of the UK’s post-Brexit export drive, but is the acronym for people who are “Just About Managing”, who are cousins of the Coping Classes, Hard-Working Families or Squeezed Middle. British prime minister Theresa May has decided to put the “Jams” at the heart of her autumn statement in a bid to do something, or look like she is doing something, to help people still feeling battered by the last recession and now exist in an economy scarred by precarious employment. As May knows very well, the next horror on the horizon for households, thanks in large part to the Brexit-related fall in sterling, is inflation. ADVERTISEMENT Getting to know: Steve Mnuchin At the time of writing, Steve Mnuchin was said to be in contention for US treasury secretary or one of other top economic roles in Trump’s Donald White House. But who is Mnuchin? He’s a Wall Street financier who served as chief fundraiser for Trump and happens to be a veteran of both Goldman Sachs and something called Yale Skull and Bones, which the internet says is an “undergraduate secret society at Yale University whose alumni are known as “Bonesmen”. Mnuchin is also in the entertainment business, backing films such as Borat and Gravity, and in 2008 he bought struggling Californian lender IndyMac, renaming it OneWest. Three years later, people protesting against OneWest’s foreclosures marched on his Los Angeles mansion. “Steve Mnuchin,” one sign read, “Stop taking our homes.” The list: Best cities to live in Thinking about emigrating but don’t know where to go? Networking service InterNations surveyed 14,000 people for its third annual Expat Insider 2016 survey to get the view of people who have found a new home outside their home countries – or immigrants, as they are usually known. The top five went like this: 5. Singapore: edging Vienna into sixth place, the island nation offers high wages to those who flock to work in its financial services sector. 4: Dusseldorf: alles ist gut in the German “city of fashion”, which scored well on quality of life. 3: Madrid: Spanish politics looks less messy by the day – not because it finally formed a minority government, but because everywhere else is even more fractious. 2. Houston: any problems in Houston are offset by the Texan city’s relatively low cost of living. 1. Melbourne: They have excellent work-life balance in the Victorian capital, apparently.       Topics: Steve Mnuchin Sundar Pichai Theresa May White House Yale University Goldman Sachs Group Google Welspun Melbourne (US) Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Central Bank set to ease mortgage lending rules Work Pre-meetings key to successful meetings on contentious issues Gaelic Games Con O’Callaghan inspires Cuala to Leinster hurling final Economy Fast-track pay restoration: is it economically feasible? Sponsored Maia Dunphy: Let’s talk about fertility Designing the F-Pace: the story of Jaguar's best-seller HR managers need a simplified approach to pensions World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Hammond says UK budget is constrained by high debt 17:31 Seen and Heard: Facebook secures payments services licence 16:59 Goodbody warns of Trump’s ‘beggar thy neighbour’ plans 16:48 Kingspan spends €35m on US acquisition 14:58 How to . . . help out your smartphone battery 14:00 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 How to . . . help out your smartphone battery 2 Ireland could be facing even bigger recession, Martin warns 3 Central Bank set to ease mortgage lending rules 4 Ireland’s biggest landlord: ‘I feel bad for the Irish people’ 5 Kingspan spends €35m on US acquisition 6 May’s changing vocabulary signals shift from ‘hard Brexit’ 7 Apple’s Irish company structure key to EU tax finding 8 Conor McGregor sponsor barred from operating in France 9 Goodbody warns of Trump’s ‘beggar thy neighbour’ plans 10 Institutional funds file £100m damages claim against Tesco Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sun 20/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance International Google CEO to meet with EU antitrust chief on Friday Google CEO to meet with EU antitrust chief on Friday Source : By : Foo Yun Chee and Julia Love Last Updated: Fri, Nov 18, 2016 12:17 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print The chief executive of Alphabet Inc's Google and the European Union's antitrust chief will meet on Friday, following the U.S. technology group's formal rejection this month of a spate of charges, including blocking rivals in online search advertising. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai will meet in Brussels with EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager and Guenther Oettinger, European Commissioner for Digital Economy and Society, as the final stop in a short tour of the continent, spokespeople for Google and the EU confirmed. Last week, Google General Counsel Kent Walker argued that the company's Android operating system helps competition, rebutting charges that the firm uses the platform to crush rivals. The Mountain View, Calif., company also rejected charges that it unfairly promoted its shopping service and blocked rivals in online search advertising. EU regulators are expected to rule next year on those issues, potentially ordering Google to change its business practices and levying huge fines. The case has hung over Google since the European Commission opened its investigation six years ago, following complaints from Microsoft Corp and other rivals. The Android case poses a keen risk to Google as the operating system has yielded about $22 billion in profit for the company since its release in 2008, an Oracle Corp lawyer told a U.S. court in January. Pichai last met with Vestager and Oettinger in February, shortly after he was named chief executive of Google. During a visit to London earlier this week, Pichai announced an expansion of Google's presence in the city, saying he was optimistic about Britain's future as a tech hub, despite the uncertainty caused by the nation's vote to leave the European Union in June. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 29100.00 (0.45%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 30030.00 (-0.2%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 29900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 29880.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 28900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 28900.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 29070.00 (0.17%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Compare India Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNewsCompare India Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Compare India Government Mapping Data Not to Leave The Country: S.Korea to Google The Tech and Auto Show: News18's Social First and Web-exclusive Nike Brings Out HyperAdapt, a $720 Self-Lacing Sneaker Nissan to Provide Cashless Options For Aftersales Needs of Customers in India News18 » Tech 1-min read Government Mapping Data Not to Leave The Country: S.Korea to Google Reuters First published: November 18, 2016, 11:55 AM IST | Updated: 2 days ago Google's plea to use S Korea's mapping data rejected. (Image: REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji) South Korea said on Friday it has rejected Google's latest request for permission to take government mapping data for use in servers outside the country, citing security issues with North Korea. Google, an Alphabet Inc company, has said it needs to use the data on servers worldwide to enable services that would give walking and driving directions in South Korea. South Korea, whose 1950-53 war with North Korea ended without a peace treaty, argues that if it allowed such data to leave the country, the locations of military facilities and other sensitive sites could be revealed. The government could grant permission if Google removes images of sensitive sites on its satellite imaging services, an official at the body in charge of mapping data has previously said. But Google has rejected that condition, saying the information is widely available through satellite images that can be purchased freely. The land ministry said it would reconsider if Google changes its position. Separately, Google is under scrutiny in South Korea, with the antitrust regulator examining whether the U.S. firm's agreements with handset manufacturers on the Android mobile operating system limits market competition. Google Mapping Data S Korea technology news Trending Articles Now Showing: Masand's Verdict on Force 2, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fantastic Beasts Script Was Kept Locked in a Safe: Eddie Redmayne Why Fantastic Beasts Shouldn't be Compared To Harry Potter Series Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Review: A Charming Film Trending Articles Now Showing: Masand's Verdict on Force 2, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fantastic Beasts Script Was Kept Locked in a Safe: Eddie Redmayne Why Fantastic Beasts Shouldn't be Compared To Harry Potter Series Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Review: A Charming Film New Zealand vs Pakistan, 1st Test, Day 3 at Christchurch: As It Happened Force 2 Movie Review: You'll Love to Hate Tahir Raj Bhasin Colin de Grandhomme: A Zimbabwean Who Makes His Mark For New Zealand Hrithik-Kangana Legal Tussle Isn't Over yet, Says the Actor's Lawyer From Our Network State-funded elections: PM Modi must realise it's an incomplete exercise without a transparent system- FirstPost One dead, 10 injured in explosion in Nagda industrial town - Pradesh18 CM Vasundhara Raje appoints chairmen and members of various boards - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Watch: India @9 With Shreya Dhoundial Unique Ways in Which Indians Are Dodging Notes Ban 11 Indian Fishermen Arrested by Sri Lankan Navy for Trespassing New Rules on Network Rollout to Reduce Call Drops Mamata Banerjee Flays PM Modi Over Chit Fund Scam Charge Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 56-63 We set you thinking Monday 21 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef 1479660543 World Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima 1479659628 World Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured 1479659363 World French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election 1479659311 World Mali's local elections marred by boycotts, kidnapping 1479658875 World UK's Hammond says budget options constrained by high debt 1479656762 World Rockets into Saudi Arabia, reported air strikes in Yemen strain truce 1479656165 World Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid: U.N. refugee chief 1479655835 World Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks 1479654427 World Merkel to seek fourth term as German chancellor: sources 1479655959 Business After initial Trump trade, politics keep stocks on edge 1479496720 World U.N. Syria envoy says local government in rebel-held Aleppo area should stay on 1479652997 World Haiti holds long-awaited election still reeling from hurricane 1479653761 World India train derails, at least 119 killed, more than 150 injured 1479652705 Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone 1479646380 Lifestyle Talk politics with your kids — Yes, you can! 1479467460 World S’pore to amend legislation to bring TPP into effect next year 1479633660 World Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead 1479651187 Business Deutsche clears chairman of blame for bank's poor cooperation in Libor case: paper 1479652118 World South Africa's opposition parties urge Zuma to report corruption to police 1479646715 Business Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper 1479647032 World Center-left leader nominated as Estonia's next PM 1479646875 World Damascus wants Trump to end rebel support: Syria foreign minister 1479643499 World Pope closes Roman Catholic 'Holy Year' marked by lights and shadows 1479643338 World Amid killing spree, Filipino actors spotlight vigilantes of Duterte's drug war 1479546193 World Syria foreign minister says no to east Aleppo autonomous zone 1479641704 World Austrian chancellor: Le Pen victory would hurt Europe's economy 1479641633 World Rescue ship carrying migrants reaches Italy after deadly week in Mediterranean 1479641365 China&India Terrorism, fake news justify tighter Web rules: China 1479641760 World Britain must be able to transition smoothly out of EU: Hammond 1479640654 Sports Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red 1479575940 World Bersih 5 appearance just Dr M’s latest U-turn, says Malaysia's Najib 1479640080 World Seven nabbed during Bersih 5 for various offences 1479558960 World Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS control 1479637746 World Seven children killed in rebel shelling of Aleppo school: monitor 1479637301 World Turkish soldier killed in Islamic State attack in northern Syria 1479635432 World Emirates crash investigation to take up to three years: regulator 1479637938 World China's Xi calls for 'smooth transition' in relationship with U.S. 1479635469 World Queen to invite Trump to Britain for state visit: Sunday Times 1479633840 Tech Zuckerberg reveals  steps to fight fake news on Facebook 1479635760 World Fed up with EU, Erdogan says Turkey could join Shanghai bloc 1479633711 World Meeting Putin, Philippines' Duterte rails at Western 'hypocrisy' 1479625200 World South Korea prosecutors say President Park was accomplice in corruption scandal 1479632650 World Lawyer for South Korea president rejects prosecutors' comments on her role in scandal 1479630773 Sports Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits 1479574260 World Suspect in Australian bank fire identified as asylum seeker 1479628750 Singapore Unpredictability, intensity draw fans to combat sports Sports Schooling stars as Team Singapore athletes enjoy day out at Istana 1479556320 World China's Xi presses Philippines, Vietnam to keep South China Sea issues bilateral 1479612480 World For Syria rebels, Trump win adds to uncertain fate 1479621949 Business Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO A billboard displays the logo of Snapchat above Times Square in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 2:20 PM, November 18, 2016 Updated: 5:30 AM, November 19, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO - Snap Inc, the red-hot messaging company, is seen by many tech investors as the next Facebook or Google, but its youthful founders are pushing far more aggressively than its predecessors in moving from scrappy startup to public company. At a time when it is fashionable in Silicon Valley to stay private as long as possible, Snap is planning an initial public offering valuing it at more than $20 billion just two years after it first began to generate revenue, even though it has plenty of cash and ample opportunity to raise more on the private markets. It is expected to be the biggest U.S. tech IPO since Facebook Inc's 2012 debut. It is also defying convention by declining to bring in "adult supervision" to help 26-year-old co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Evan Spiegel and 28-year-old co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Bobby Murphy manage the company. Imran Khan, a former Credit Suisse banker who played a big role in the Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd IPO in 2014, is emerging as a key figure in his role as chief strategy officer. Some investors remain concerned, however, that the combination of an inexperienced management team and a sky-high valuation could be problematic. "It is a very clearly inexperienced team leading a company that's asking for two things: a huge valuation and a very aggressive multiple," said Max Wolff, a market strategist at 55 Capital. "Once you start asking public investors for 30x earnings, the tolerance for mistake, misadventure and learning on the job goes down." Questions about the management team have lingered after a string of senior executives left following short stints with the company. High-profile departures include Emily White, who joined as chief operating officer from Instagram at the start of 2014 and quit after just more than a year, according to her LinkedIn profile. Mike Randall, who joined Snap from Facebook, left last year after less than a year as head of business and marketing. A spokesman for Snap declined to comment. The executive ranks have since stabilized, and executives such as finance chief Drew Vollero and hardware guru Steve Horowitz have decades of experience. Still, the departure of Jia Li, one of the highest-ranking women at the company and its head of research, to join Alphabet Inc's Google this month left another high-level opening. "I think Snapchat struggles with leadership," said Dave Carvajal, an executive recruiter for tech companies. "Just because something is a great idea, it still has the very real challenge of bringing in the right people." Spiegel, an enigmatic figure who choose to locate the company in the Southern California beach town of Venice rather than Silicon Valley, has not followed the example of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who partnered early on with Sheryl Sandberg, a former Treasury Department official and Google executive. Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin initially ceded the CEO role to veteran technology executive Eric Schmidt. "I think (Spiegel) is a sole dictator type," said Lyon Wong, co-founder and partner at venture firm Spectrum 28, and former partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners, a firm that made multiple early investments into Snap. Hemant Taneja, a managing director at the venture capital firm and Snap investor General Catalyst, pointed to Khan as a key figure in the run-up to the IPO. “I think that hire was critical and they work very well together,” Taneja said. “He has taken a lot of things off of Evan’s plate so he can focus on what he does best.” Taneja said the turnover may be more indicative of Spiegel constantly upgrading the talent in his ranks. “I think that Snapchat does everything in an unconventional way,” Taneja said. “Comparing it to Facebook or another company is an incorrect way to think about it.” Wolff also noted that the company may yet bring in more experienced managers and board members ahead of the IPO. IPO AS MARKETING Snap, valued at about $18 billion, has raised roughly $2.5 billion from investors including mutual fund Fidelity Investments, Sequoia Capital, T. Rowe Price and Alibaba. It raised $1.81 billion as recently as May, according to regulatory filings. The windfall of cash just six months ago, however, did not slow Snap’s IPO talks, which have been ongoing for at least a year, according to sources familiar with the matter. An IPO early next year may help Snap capture pent-up investor demand after a prolonged IPO drought, while also getting out in front of other hotly anticipated debuts from Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Airbnb. “It could be easier to tell your story because everyone will be focused on you and ready for you to make your move,” said Hans Tung, managing partner at GGV Capital. “There will be a lot of demand for this stock.” Some investors said the marketing boost and visibility that comes with an IPO is crucial to help Snapchat get more users outside the United States - and outside its dominant user base of millennials. Snapchat says it has more than 150 million daily active users. “The goal of the company is to grow as fast as possible,” venture capitalist Wong said. “And there are no more 16-year-olds for them to get onto the platform.” An IPO will give the company a more mature image that will appeal to advertisers, investors said. Snap has told investors to expect $1 billion in advertising revenue in 2017, according to sources familiar with the matter. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? Wells Fargo faces tighter controls as U.S. regulator reverses course Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall street stocks lifted by data, earnings Yellen remarks Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Inside Today World Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election Mali's local elections marred by boycotts, kidnapping Business Deutsche clears chairman of blame for bank's poor cooperation in Libor case: paper Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper China pledges further opening as leaders scramble for free trade New Zealand's Key says China will fill trade void left by U.S. Hong Kong firms in China charm-push ahead of Hong Kong-Shenzhen investment link Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits Suzuki Cup: Backs to the wall, Lions defy odds to earn point Schooling stars as Team Singapore athletes enjoy day out at Istana Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 18 November 2016 | MYT 2:24 PM Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO SAN FRANCISCO: Snap Inc, the red-hot messaging company, is seen by many tech investors as the next Facebook or Google, but its youthful founders are pushing far more aggressively than its predecessors in moving from scrappy startup to public company. At a time when it is fashionable in Silicon Valley to stay private as long as possible, Snap is planning an initial public offering valuing it at more than US$20 billion just two years after it first began to generate revenue, even though it has plenty of cash and ample opportunity to raise more on the private markets.  It is expected to be the biggest US tech IPO since Facebook Inc's 2012 debut. It is also defying convention by declining to bring in "adult supervision" to help 26-year-old co-founder and chief executive officer Evan Spiegel and 28-year-old co-founder and chief technology officer Bobby Murphy manage the company. Imran Khan, a former Credit Suisse banker who played a big role in the Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd IPO in 2014, is emerging as a key figure in his role as chief strategy officer. Some investors remain concerned, however, that the combination of an inexperienced management team and a sky-high valuation could be problematic. "It is a very clearly inexperienced team leading a company that's asking for two things: a huge valuation and a very aggressive multiple," said Max Wolff, a market strategist at 55 Capital. "Once you start asking public investors for 30x earnings, the tolerance for mistake, misadventure and learning on the job goes down."  Questions about the management team have lingered after a string of senior executives left following short stints with the company. High-profile departures include Emily White, who joined as chief operating officer from Instagram at the start of 2014 and quit after just more than a year, according to her LinkedIn profile. Mike Randall, who joined Snap from Facebook, left last year after less than a year as head of business and marketing. A spokesman for Snap declined to comment. The executive ranks have since stabilised, and executives such as finance chief Drew Vollero and hardware guru Steve Horowitz have decades of experience.  Still, the departure of Jia Li, one of the highest-ranking women at the company and its head of research, to join Alphabet Inc's Google this month left another high-level opening. "I think Snapchat struggles with leadership," said Dave Carvajal, an executive recruiter for tech companies. "Just because something is a great idea, it still has the very real challenge of bringing in the right people."  Spiegel, an enigmatic figure who choose to locate the company in the Southern California beach town of Venice rather than Silicon Valley, has not followed the example of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who partnered early on with Sheryl Sandberg, a former Treasury Department official and Google executive.  Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin initially ceded the CEO role to veteran technology executive Eric Schmidt. "I think (Spiegel) is a sole dictator type," said Lyon Wong, a venture capitalist and former partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners, a firm that made multiple early investments into Snap. Hemant Taneja, a managing director at the venture capital firm and Snap investor General Catalyst, pointed to Khan as a key figure in the run-up to the IPO. "I think that hire was critical and they work very well together," Taneja said. "He has taken a lot of things off of Evan's plate so he can focus on what he does best."  Taneja said the turnover may be more indicative of Spiegel constantly upgrading the talent in his ranks. "I think that Snapchat does everything in an unconventional way," Taneja said. "Comparing it to Facebook or another company is an incorrect way to think about it."  Wolff also noted that the company may yet bring in more experienced managers and board members ahead of the IPO. IPO AS MARKETING  Snap, valued at about US$18 billion, has raised roughly US$2.5 billion from investors including mutual fund Fidelity Investments, Sequoia Capital, T. Rowe Price and Alibaba. It raised US$1.81 billion as recently as May, according to regulatory filings. The windfall of cash just six months ago, however, did not slow Snap's IPO talks, which have been ongoing for at least a year, according to sources familiar with the matter. An IPO early next year may help Snap capture pent-up investor demand after a prolonged IPO drought, while also getting out in front of other hotly anticipated debuts from Uber Technologies Inc  and Airbnb. "It could be easier to tell your story because everyone will be focused on you and ready for you to make your move," said Hans Tung, managing partner at GGV Capital. "There will be a lot of demand for this stock."  Some investors said the marketing boost and visibility that comes with an IPO is crucial to help Snapchat get more users outside the United States - and outside its dominant user base of millennials. Snapchat says it has more than 150 million daily active users. "The goal of the company is to grow as fast as possible," venture capitalist Wong said. "And there are no more 16-year-olds for them to get onto the platform."  An IPO will give the company a more mature image that will appeal to advertisers, investors said. Snap has told investors to expect US$1 billion in advertising revenue in 2017, according to sources familiar with the matter. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Corporate News You May Be Interested KTC sees good year ahead Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline (Closing update) Daibochi bullish on Myanmar venture Bank Negara takes a firm stance ECB chief Draghi hints at more stimulus to come Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Swiss & affordable Blowing away the competition Property Related advertisement Latest News A ‘Yan’ to be the best Inevitable, essential failure Reflections on Budget 2017 Briefs Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa Most Viewed in Business Governor: Bank Negara won’t tolerate ringgit transactions in NDF market PNB unit trust funds hit 210.63 billion units as of October Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Sunday | November 20, 2016 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Nov 20, 08:09 pm Sharifs' accountability unlikely without Panama bill: Bilawal Nov 20, 08:03 pm 14 Pakistanis reportedly reach Syria, Afghanistan to join ISIS Nov 20, 07:46 pm Erdogan eyes Shanghai bloc after EU spat Nov 20, 07:43 pm Zuckerberg discloses steps to fight fake news Nov 20, 07:28 pm Qatari prince's letter holds no significance: Aitzaz Nov 20, 07:27 pm UNSC 'deeply alarmed' over escalation of ethnic violence in South Sudan Nov 20, 07:26 pm Amid killing spree, Filipino actors spotlight vigilantes of Duterte's drug war Nov 20, 07:17 pm Will be back soon, says Zardari   Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump November 18, 2016, 11:09 am SHARE : Reuters Tweet Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favoured the internet giant in the company's battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama's administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favour of telecom firms ahead of Trump's presidency, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T Inc (T.N) and CenturyLink Inc.(CTL.N) In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's high-profile proposal to open up the $20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple Inc. (AAPL.O) Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a "Google proposal." "Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has," said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. "I'm not sure it's critical to Google's business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there." Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC's moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump's administration and "could create confusion if reversed." "The question is how far will the pendulum swing back" in favor of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. "It has swung in Google's direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler." Among other regulations, Trump's Nov. 8 election has increased the chances that Obama's net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that "the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities" for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. "That's going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do," Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump's victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4 percent, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9 percent and Amazon (AMZN.O) shares are down 2 percent. AT&T Inc (T.N) and Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) shares have soared 7.7 percent. Google did not respond to requests for comment.   EXTENSIVE TIES During Obama's presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group's Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet's executive chairman, was seen at Clinton's Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said "working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture." "We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle," the adviser wrote. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favoring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: "I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don't get that charge." "Certainly the sort of cozy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump," Jackdaw Research's Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. "They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now," a former Google employee at the company's Washington office said. "But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this." Tweet More by Reuters RELATED NEWS October 13, 2016, 10:24 am Putin ally tells Americans: vote Trump or face nuclear war July 08, 2015 Obama admits setbacks in efforts to defeat IS February 08, 2010 Obama tries to rally fellow Democrats weary of recent setbacks February 07, 2010, 1:12 pm Obama tries to rally fellow Democrats weary of recent setbacks MORE IN INTERNATIONAL November 20, 2016, 7:46 pm Erdogan eyes Shanghai bloc after EU spat November 20, 2016, 7:43 pm Zuckerberg discloses steps to fight fake news November 20, 2016, 7:27 pm UNSC 'deeply alarmed' over escalation of ethnic violence in South Sudan November 20, 2016, 7:26 pm Amid killing spree, Filipino actors spotlight vigilantes of Duterte's drug war Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented CJP takes notice over news package, footage aired by news ... Indian quadcopter brought down by Pakistani forces, ... Data Sahib Urs: Lahore district govt declares public ... Four children fall prey to Indian LoC adventurism India, Israel 'biggest terrorist' countries: Raza Rabbani Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS ... LATEST COMMENTS Eddied thank god the evil curse of ISIS is gone from this city... Eddied what has Israel ever done to Pakistan?...isn't his comment just hate mongering against non muslims?... a Pakistani politician calling other countries terrorist nations is not going to be believed by a... Eddied the blatant lies continuously pumped out by the Russian propaganda machine are so obvious....the old KGB style of distorting the truth to make others look bad is still in effect...they don't appear to... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied thank god the evil curse of ISIS is gone from this city... Eddied what has Israel ever done to Pakistan?...isn't his comment just hate mongering against non muslims?... a Pakistani politician calling other countries terrorist nations is not going to be believed by a... Eddied the blatant lies continuously pumped out by the Russian propaganda machine are so obvious....the old KGB style of distorting the truth to make others look bad is still in effect...they don't appear to... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2016, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Earth and Google Trends Live Cases for Pixel phones now available Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | November 17, 2016 27 shares 27 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Google Live Cases give your Pixel or Nexus some protection with a neat design and a customizable shortcut button. And today, Google added two new Live Cases to its selection. The Google Earth and Google Trends Live Cases are now available. The Google Earth Live Case is now available in Moindeau, with Ceel Dheer and Antarctica Cases listed as “Coming soon.” In addition to giving you a case with a Google Earth image on it, these cases also update your phone’s wallpaper every day with an image from a curated collection of Google Earth photos. If you see a place that you like, you can press the case’s shortcut button to check out the location in Google Maps. Meanwhile, the Google Trends Live Case is available in Sunset, with an Asphalt version coming soon. These cases come with a live wallpaper that’ll chart the top trending Google Searches on your home screen, showing you the popularity of things like movie releases and social trends. Double-tapping the screen will show you more trending topics, and pressing the shortcut button will take you to the Google Search results for that particular topic. These Live Cases are now available for the Pixel and Pixel XL. Both cases are priced at $49.99, and you can get them from the Google Store, Verizon, and Best Buy. Via:  Google Blog Source:  Google Store Verizon Best Buy Android Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Products mentioned Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Previous ArticleBlue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches at T-Mobile Next ArticleMoto Z and Moto Z Play launch at Republic Wireless Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Are you planning on buying Apple's AirPods? Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches at T-Mobile Appreciating the wonderful world of mobile technology Google Home will be available for $99 from Best Buy for Black Friday View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 1 day ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 3 weeks 1 day ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 29 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 29 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Please try again! TECHRADAR.INTechnology Tested LogoutLoginRegister TECHRADAR.INTechnology Tested TECHRADAR.IN Home News Reviews How to Phones Wearables Apps Cameras Laptops TR Pro More TVs Tablets Components Gaming Computing AV Software Web Trending Android Nougat Pokemon Go Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Reliance Jio iPhone 7 Home» news» software» applications» You are here Can WhatsApp win the ‘video-call’ race? WhatsApp’s new feature may lead you to ditch services like Skype, FaceTime! By Kanishk Karan | Nov 18, 2016, 11.07 AM IST FacebookLinkedinTwitterGoogle+Reddit Continue reading With advances in network connectivity and increasing bandwidth, the world is shifting from the usual text messaging to video snaps and video calls. With a definite surge in visuals based communication sector, WhatsApp has introduced its most competitive feature – video calling. As the most popular messaging app with over a billion monthly active users, the chat app has certainly generated some strife in the existing competition. However, with the availability of a variety of video calling apps from leading names in technology including the latest from WhatsApp, it’s difficult to say which would conquer the race. Here we analyse the relevant pros and cons of the most popular video communication applications. WhatsApp WhatsApp has an edge over the rest of applications, given that it’s cross platform and it monthly active users are huge. It is also pretty easy to install and simple to use. The app doesn’t eat up much of the data and utilizes the battery optimally. Video calls made over the app are perfectly smooth even when the network connectivity is not great. The video distorts out sometimes mainly due to low data strength. The voice does not smudge, but the quality is not the best either. The only galling part is the access to video calls. WhatsApp has clearly stated on its blog, “...a product that’s simple, easy to use, and accessible no matter where you are.” But accessibility seems to be the lagging part; WhatsApp has a neatly stacked icon on the top for voice call, for video, one has to scroll through the contact list to find the person’s profile, to make a video call. Hopefully, WhatsApp will correct this and introduce group video calling feature in upcoming updates. Understanding the concerns of surveillance and privacy, the app is maintaining its end to end encryption feature in video calls too. Google Duo Google’s Duo is by far the simplest video calling app available. The app does not require google account registration, like its predecessor, as it uses the mobile phone number and phone’s contact book as its primary source. The user interface is very simple. The best part about the app is the ‘limit mobile data usage’ toggle which helps saving data while providing quality communication. Google duo provides an end to end encryption, however the feature is not activated by default. Skype The Grandad of video calling, Skype has been the most popular app for video calling. However, with wide array of options coming in, Skype is losing its eminence. Although it is still competing well with others by providing constant updates, in fact, Microsoft recently announced a real time translation feature for 50 languages via instant messages and seven using video. The group video calling feature is a total winner, while maintaining the video quality. The user interface seems a bit odd, as the application requires login each time you open it and the battery consumption rate is higher than other apps. For instant messages, the app uses TLS (transport-level security) to encrypt messages between your Skype client and the chat service in cloud, or AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) when sent directly between two Skype clients. But calls from Skype to mobile and landline phone basically PSTN (the ordinary phone network) are not encrypted. Facebook Messenger FB messenger is an amalgamation of every possible communication service from chats to voice to video. The app has a cross platform reach and is also accessible via most common browsers – Chrome, Firefox and Opera. The video quality is pretty average. It consumes a lot of battery which is a big downside to it. The registration requires Facebook ID, which is odd for people who don’t use Facebook. Facebook has end to end encryption for its users. However, it requires activation. FaceTime Steve Jobs introduced the voice and video calling service back in 2010. FaceTime has a simple platform and requires no registration. It can sync with the existing phone contacts and you can access the feature even using the contact book. It provides a well calibrated service which uses less battery in comparison to other apps and also has a better response. It also features an audio call feature. The downside is that one has to buy an Apple product in order to use it. Apple claims that it doesn’t store FaceTime calls on any servers, and “wouldn’t be able to comply with a wiretap order even if we wanted to.” It’s too early to decide on the winner in video calling race. However, WhatsApp has potential --especially its user base, to oust others including FaceTime and Skype. Which app do you like most for video calling? Please let us know. (Main Image: Flickr) Tags: WhatsApp video calling Skype Google Duo FaceTime Facebook Messenger Follow Techradar onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to TechradarWrite for Us More from this author Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey apologises for white supremacist ad Sony's first smartphone games to launch on Dec 7 5 Best launcher apps for Android Selfie focused Vivo V5 launched; How does it compare to the Oppo F1s? Related Stories Watch out FaceTime: WhatsApp video calling is now ready for all WhatsApp rolls out video calling TODAY to its billion-plus users Virgin Media finally rolls out 4G with free WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger Here's how to use WhatsApp's new video calling feature Facebook Messenger gets advertising bots Facebook Messenger takes on Snapchat with Instant Video Whatsapp, Skype might cut telcos voice revenues by 50 % Join the discussion with Techradar India Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Twitter X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Trending on Techradar 5 Best launcher apps for Android 17yr old hacker thanked by officials for exposing flaws in diplomatic mission's websites The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 Editor's Pick The 10 best tablets you can buy in 2016 Will self-driving cars ever be a mainstream reality? Android snatched 87.5% of the smartphone marketshare in Q3 2016 Gallery No cash? Check out the top 5 Mobile Wallet services in India Comments Flipkart Accessories Carnival - Top five deals you should look for Comments Top 5 Air Purifiers in India Comments Best smartphones you can buy between Rs 15,000 - 20,000! Comments Subscribe to latest stories Trending on Social Rs 2000 note water test video crosses more than 4 million views Trending on Facebook ‘How to convert black money to white’ one of the most popular searches on Google India Trending on Facebook Got a new Rs 2000 note? 5 best gadgets you can buy under 2K Trending on Facebook AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) #AdAgeUnicorns: Prasoon Joshi, The Ad Man Promoted Stories Recommended By Colombia Huffington Post The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San Diego Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Google unveils new app 'PhotoScan' to scan and digitise memories 5 Best launcher apps for Android WhatsApp will support BlackBerry 10, Nokia’s Symbian OS through mid-2017 Here's how to use WhatsApp's new video calling feature WhatsApp rolls out video calling TODAY to its billion-plus users Google takes its 'Android Auto' from the car to your Android phone WhatsApp Beta on Android and Windows 10 now getting 2-factor authentication 1Can WhatsApp win the ‘video-call’ race? 2Google unveils new app 'PhotoScan' to scan and digitise memories 35 Best launcher apps for Android 4WhatsApp will support BlackBerry 10, Nokia’s Symbian OS through mid-2017 5Here's how to use WhatsApp's new video calling feature 6WhatsApp rolls out video calling TODAY to its billion-plus users 7Google takes its 'Android Auto' from the car to your Android phone 8WhatsApp Beta on Android and Windows 10 now getting 2-factor authentication More from techradar Motorola iPhone android Windows phone Lenovo’s website Moto M moto m specs Lenovo Moto M leaks video calling WhatsApp video calling WhatsApp IOS BlackBerry phonespromo Feature HTC video buyingguide Apple usnews vertical best smartphones phonescarousel buying guide best mobile Best Mobiles Phone Buying Guide XmasRadar best of Connect with Us About us Privacy Contact Us Authors Terms of Use & Greivance Policy TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. BUSINESS INSIDER This village in Mizoram is using paper chits... Indore-Patna Express derailed, 63 killedInterest rates may go down, says SBIColdplay singing Vande Mataram with AR Rahma... Read More LIFEHACKER 5 Steps To Improve Your LinkedIn Profile In M... Five Ways to Get Back on Track When You Are F... Select Petrol Pumps to Dispense Cash up to Rs... Stretching Your Comfort Zones Read More GIZMODO Google quickly clarifies the security tech in... Reliance Jio will now monopolize the industri... Microsoft's Bill Gates says India to be most ... Phones next year will need just 15 minutes of... Read More ASKMEN The Rock Named People's Sexiest Man AliveThis Is How Often You Should Have Sex Accordi... Happiness Habits That Will Make You Thrive At... A UFC Fighter Trains Two Porn Stars In MMA Read More IGN Deadpool 2: John Wick director David Leitch r... Westworld: Ed Harris' man in black returning ... Mortal Kombat movie reboot lands new directorStar Wars: Game of Thrones' Emilia Clarke joi... Read More ADVERTISING AGE IBM Digital Leaders Connect 2016: The Digital... Facebook Plans New Ways to Fight Fake News, Z... P&G Just Unloaded 100 Brands. Now What?Diageo VR Experience Puts You in the Middle o... Read More PURSUITIST A Duchess in the Making—Meghan MarkleDesigner Eye Candy: Hottest Men Burning Fashi... Coolest Silver Screen Cameos of Iconic Watche... Role Play: Guess Which Actors Will Soon Sizzl... Read More HUFFINGTONPOST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fa... After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watch... Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900Ringing Bells Wants The Government To Invest ... Read More COURSERA Master Business Fundamentals from WhartonLeadership and Business Skill for Immediate I... Take Big Data from University of California S... Take Machine Learning from University of Wash... Read More PCMAG Get $30 Off Amazon Kindle, Voyage NowEpson SureColor P400Zuckerberg Teases Warning System, Labels for ... The Best We've Tested Read More Techspot US inventor's folding paper bike helmet wins ... ZUK Edge emerges online, but does not sport a... EA: we develop games for high-end PCs, then p... Twitter introduces QR codes in an attempt to ... Read More IGN Deadpool 2: John Wick director David Leitch r... Westworld: Ed Harris' man in black returning ... Mortal Kombat movie reboot lands new directorStar Wars: Game of Thrones' Emilia Clarke joi... Read More Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service. x Subscribe for latest stories
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers' Accounts for Reselling Them Update GO More than 200 accounts have been reportedly affected Nov 18, 2016 15:18 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  If you happen to like the Pixel/Pixel XL smartphone, but not as much as to keep it as your daily driver, then under no circumstances should you try reselling it after having bought it from the Google Play store. Apparently, more than 200 accounts have been banned by Google for trying to resell one of the two Pixel phones. The decision comes after deal monitoring website Dan's Deals started receiving emails from people who had bought the Pixel/Pixel XL phone and then resold them to a retailer in New Hampshire. It's true that the retailer paid them back with a small profit, before selling the same Pixel smartphones to other people, but Google found out and suspended those Pixel buyers' accounts indefinitely. Pixel smartphone Upon inquiring if these reports have any truth in them, the aforementioned site has been provided with an official statement from a Google spokesperson. Here is what the company had to say about the whole issue: “We identified a scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a reseller, who then marked-up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers. We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project Fi or the Google Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this scheme. After investigating the situation, we are restoring access to genuine accounts for customers who are locked out of many Google services they rely on.” So, if your account has been banned recently and you don't know why, this could be one of the reasons. If you feel that it doesn't apply to you, then you'll probably want to get in touch with Google or wait for the search giant to restore access to your account. UPDATE: Google has decided to re-enable the accounts of those banned for reselling their Pixel phones, but stated that repeated violations might get their accounts suspended permanently: “Hello Google user, Your Google Account was suspended as part of our fraud prevention efforts, based on violations of our Terms of Service and Terms of Sale for Devices. After reviewing your appeal, we are re-enabling your account. Google takes violations of our terms very seriously, and we ask that you review relevant terms and product policies to ensure that you understand them. Repeated violations of our terms may lead to account termination.”   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Google Pixel#Pixel XL#Google Play#Google Play account#Pixel smartphone subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Some Pixel/Pixel XL Owners Report Issues with LTE Signal Google Hasn't Patched Dirty Cow Android Rooting Bug in November Security Update Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked Kapustkiy Breaks into Indian Regional Council Server, 17,000 Users Exposed Microsoft Launches Windows Defender Hub for Windows 10 Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked 2 photos    Pixel family New Android APKs Microsoft Band APK: Updated November 20th, 16:21 GMT Microsoft Classroom APK: Updated November 20th, 16:14 GMT Fingerprint Gestures APK: Updated November 20th, 16:11 GMT MileIQ APK: Updated November 20th, 16:09 GMT Facebook Messenger APK: Updated November 20th, 16:03 GMT MP3 Video Converter APK: Updated November 20th, 16:00 GMT MiXplorer APK: Updated November 20th, 12:45 GMT Reader comments HTC 10 Evo to Be Announced on November 22 more on: HTC 10 Evo i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as incoming administration looks to reverse Obama administration policies. By: Reuters | Washington | Updated: November 18, 2016 11:44 am Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration, the report says. Alphabet Inc’s Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as US President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favored the internet giant in the company’s battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favor of telecom firms ahead of Trump’s presidency, the US Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T Inc and CenturyLink Inc. In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler’s high-profile proposal to open up the $20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple Inc. Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a “Google proposal.” “Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has,” said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. “I’m not sure it’s critical to Google’s business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there.” Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC’s moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump’s administration and “could create confusion if reversed.” “The question is how far will the pendulum swing back” in favor of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. “It has swung in Google’s direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler.” Among other regulations, Trump’s Nov. 8 election has increased the chances that Obama’s net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Read: South Korea rejects Google’s request to use mapping data Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix Inc that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that “the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities” for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. “That’s going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do,” Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump’s victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4 percent, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9 percent and Amazon shares are down 2 percent. AT&T Inc and Verizon Communications Inc shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp shares have soared 7.7 percent. Google did not respond to requests for comment. EXTENSIVE TIES During Obama’s presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group’s Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet’s executive chairman, was seen at Clinton’s Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said “working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture.” “We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle,” the adviser wrote. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favoring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: “I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don’t get that charge.” “Certainly the sort of cozy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump,” Jackdaw Research’s Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. “They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now,” a former Google employee at the company’s Washington office said. “But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this.” Tags: Google Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show Gaganjeet Bhullar, Jeev Milkha Singh battle spills onto Monday in Jakarta India has become extremely sensitive to criticism: Ex-Governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Authors Events Sunday, 20 November 2016 Search for: Insightful blogs on Storage, Networking, Virtualization and Cloud domains Home Storage Networking Virtualization Cloud CEO’s Blog Events Industry Insights Calsoft Inc. Blog Home Storage Networking Virtualization Cloud CEO’s Blog Events Industry Insights Home / Uncategorized / Kubernetes Founders Create Company, Heptio, to Bring Kubernetes and Containers to the Enterprise Kubernetes Founders Create Company, Heptio, to Bring Kubernetes and Containers to the Enterprise Posted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016 by Calsoft Inc. Source of the news: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161117005374/en/Founding-Members-Kubernetes-Team-Create-Company-Heptio Two founders of the Kubernetes project at Google, Craig McLuckie and Joe Beda today announced their new company, Heptio. The company has raised $8.5M in a series A investment round led by Accel, with participation from Madrona Venture Group. Heptio will bring Kubernetes to enterprises in order to accelerate software development, increase infrastructure efficiency and reduce the complexity of managing software at scale. Calsoft Whitepaper: Proliferation Of Cloud Integrated Storage (CIS) This whitepaper throws an in-depth light on how CIS is playing crucial role for efficient backups, faster data access, reliable storage, scalability and disaster recovery solutions. Download The open source Kubernetes project brings Google’s extensive experience managing containers for over 10 years to engineers and operations teams at large. It was started in 2014 by Craig and Joe, along with a small number of Seattle engineers. Today it is the most active project on Github with over 1000 contributors. Kubernetes has developed a following among developers as a practical, platform agnostic framework for application development and management of container packaged applications. Its popularity stems not only from the quality of the technology, but also the openness and transparency of its community. Gartner has recognized Kubernetes as the most widely deployed technology for container orchestration. Beyond Google, Kubernetes has been adopted by large technology companies like Red Hat, IBM, VMWare and Canonical to manage clusters of containers on their customers infrastructure. The project is now housed in the Cloud Native Computing Foundation, part of the Linux Foundation. “We believe that Kubernetes is a seed technology that enables businesses to transform their approach to IT, significantly reducing infrastructure costs and simplifying operations,” said Craig McLuckie, CEO. “While the technology is incredibly powerful, we have seen developers struggle to get up and running quickly. Heptio’s early focus is on making Kubernetes more accessible to developers running apps on-premises or in the public cloud. In the future we plan to work closely with the open ecosystem to advance the platform, and deliver the features enterprises need to run Kubernetes at scale.” “We’ve gotten to know Craig and Joe pretty well and their unique insights as the creators of Kubernetes,” said Ping Li, partner at Accel. “It means there isn’t a better team out there to help companies take full advantage of the capabilities of Kubernetes, one of the most cutting-edge open source technologies out there.” Jim Zemlin, Executive Director for the Linux Foundation said, “The mission of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation is to support safe innovation in the container, orchestration and micro-services space. We are pleased to see entrepreneurs like Craig and Joe who were instrumental in the formation of CNCF, stepping forward to help enterprises adopt powerful new technologies like Kubernetes. We are heartened by their commitment to both open source and open community initiatives.” Before creating Kubernetes, Craig and Joe worked together to create and deliver Google Compute Engine (Google’s infrastructure-as-a-service product). Joe, Heptio’s Chief Technology Officer and an active member of the Kubernetes community, subsequently left Google to join Accel as an entrepreneur-in-residence to explore various company ideas. Craig recently left Google, where he was also responsible for initiating and chairing the Cloud Native Computing Foundation. Container Ecosystem Services Calsoft has deep expertise in containerization of Storage and Networking products. With our in-depth understanding of various containerization technologies like Docker, Kubernetes, Apache Mesos and Coreos, we have helped ISVs to design and develop solutions in and around these technologies. #Kubernetes Launch Heptio with $8.5M in Funding to Help Bring #Containers to the Enterprise Click To Tweet Share this: Tweet Related posts Empowering Network Virtualization with Automation – Part 1 Data Reduction in Primary Storage – Boon or a Burden? Calsoft Attends VMworld 2014 Post navigation VMware Announces General Availability of vSphere 6.5 NTT Data Closes Acquisition of Dell Services for $3.1 Billion Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of new posts by email. Search for: Our Expertise Ecosystem Integration Expertise Openstack Services DevOps Services Container Ecosystem Services NSX Integration About Calsoft Inc. Calsoft is a leading software product engineering services company specializing in Storage, Networking, Virtualization and Cloud business verticals. Calsoft provides End-to-End Product Development, Quality Assurance Sustenance, Solution Engineering and Professional Services expertise to assist customers in achieving their product development and business goals. www.calsoftinc.com Featured Whitepaper Proliferation of Cloud Integrated Storage (CIS) Meet Our Authors Santosh Patnaik QA Architect, Calsoft Inc. Yogesh Patil Senior Test Lead, Calsoft Inc. Anupam Bhide CEO, Calsoft Inc. Taizun Kachwala Associate QA Manager, Calsoft Inc. Swanand Shende Senior Project Lead, Calsoft Inc. Shriram Pore Senior Architect , Calsoft Inc. Sagar Abhyankar Project Manager, Calsoft Inc. Rajesh Kaushal Senior Technical Leader, Calsoft Inc. Nitin Singhvi Associate Director - Engineering, Calsoft Inc. Monika Manwani Quality Assurance Engineer, Calsoft Inc. Koushal Kawade Sr. Princ. Dev. Engineer, Calsoft Inc. Himanshu Sonkar Sr. Principal Dev Engg, Calsoft Inc. Nakul Jadhav Marketing & Research Executive, Calsoft Inc. Archives [+] 2016 [+] November Key Benefits and Future of Hybrid Cloud [+] October Insights on SDDC Expo 2016 5 Reasons Why Senior Managers Think Of Outsourcing Their Product Sustenance And Support Insight on Cloud Expo Event – 2016 Software-Defined-Storage (SDS) - An Alternative to Traditional Storage [+] September Docker Swarm & Flocker Driver Integration How OpenStack is Valuable for Containerized Ecosystem OpenDaylight Summit 2016 Hyperconverged Market – Vendors and Evaluation Criteria Container Clustering & Management: Docker Swarm, Kubernetes & Apache Mesos and Marathon [+] August Nutanix Acquisition of PernixData and Calm.io – Key Observations DPDK – Boosting The Networking Revolution Highlights of VMworld 2016 Overcoming Security Concerns of Docker Technology Green Storage – Saving the World One Terabyte at a Time Cognitive Computing – A New Era of Thinking [+] July Top 5 Storage acquisitions in first half of 2016 Looking Forward to Flash Memory Summit 2016! Flocker Driver/Plugin for Storage Arrays MAID Storage - Little Known Facts Insight on Cisco Live 2016 [+] June Why User Experience is So Important? Data Reduction in Primary Storage – Boon or a Burden? Why OpenStack is So Different? DockerCon 2016 [+] May File System Testing – A Sneak Peak NFV Landscape – An Overview Storage-As-A-Service IOT World 2016 What’s driving DevOps adoption? Should Datacenters go the Hyper-Converged way? OpenStack Summit 2016 Key Strategic Acquisitions for VMware [+] April DevOps - The Road Ahead [+] March Use of Docker (Linux Containers – LXC) in Scalability & Performance Testing for NAS Products Why a GUI Framework ? Use of Cloud Technologies in Smart City Programme Pros & Cons of vSphere Virtual Storage Appliance Jenkins - Continuous Integration System IoT - Internet Of Things Docker Networking Basics Hyper-converged Infrastructure Market – An Overview Disaster Recovery Solution Deduplication Algorithm Automation Approaches [+] February Storage Industry 2015 – A Holistic View Software Defined Network (SDN) – Present, Past and Future. When & Why You Should Use Docker or VMs – A Quick Comparison [+] January Top 5 Storage Startups in 2015 NetApp Acquisition of SolidFire – My View [+] 2015 [+] December Storage Industry – A recap and the road ahead Hyper-V shared VHDX vs VHDX Key Business and Engineering challenges for Startups Basics of LUN and Target discovery on Windows Getting a perspective of SAN Volume Controller HyperSwap [+] November Basics of Code Coverage Analysis Dell and EMC Merger: Why, and What It Means All you need to know about cloud storage Change Block Tracking VAAI – is it a Mirage? A Salute to a Worthy Winner of the Turing Award [+] October Technology cloud pouring intelligence! VMware’s Unified Hybrid Cloud – The Star of the Show at VMworld SDDC Rediscovering its Magnificence [+] September Storage Considerations for Big Data Storage Testing Times for All-Flash Arrays Top ten storage start-ups in 2015 Storage virtualisation and cloud conferences OpenStack – Its Open to all! Introduction to Linux Containers and Docker Dreamforce is back! And it’s bigger and better this time! Hyper converged infrastructure in a nutshell!! VMworld 2015 – All you’d want to know!! Cloud Computing – Facts and Predictions! [+] August All Over In a Flash – The Growth of Flash Arrays Looking Forward to VMWorld 2015! [+] July The Hyper-Converged Systems Market Is, Well, Hyper Notable M&As in Storage Industry in the First 6 Months of 2015 - Part 2 Notable M&As in Storage Industry in the First 6 Months of 2015 - Part 1 7 Trends To Watch For in Data Storage [+] June BYOD – Benefits and Future Predictions SDS Uncovered SDN - What the future holds Time To Be Aware Of VM-Aware Storage Back to Basics – Disaster Recovery Planning and Business Continuity Times [+] May SDN And NFV – Interesting Times Is On-Site Backup Dead ? VMware Virtual SAN: The Next Opportunity? [+] April A Look Back At The Year That Was For Enterprise Storage Storage Trends 2015 Conference Roundup - SNIA DSI Conference 2015 Excitement around Interop 2015 [+] March SDN & NFV - The latest technologies around? An Insider View of the Storage Industry Trends Docker: In the Spotlight - Part 2 An easy guide to Solid State Drive’s Problem Docker: In the Spotlight - Part 1 Three Areas I Expect To Hear A Lot About! Empowering Network Virtualization with Automation - Part 2 SDN: A complete guide - Part 2 Empowering Network Virtualization with Automation - Part 1 The NW Toolkit for SDN SDN: A complete guide - Part 1 [+] 2014 [+] December Top Storage-Virtualization and SDN Infographics in 2015 Storage 2014: Top stories Docker Ecosystem Internet of things – Technology’s latest muse! Storage Efficiency Calculators [+] November Out of the 'Blue Cloud': Top Cloud Stories 2014 SDN - Its Security is Inevitable! [+] October VMware EVO: RAIL™ – VMware’s cutting-edge Evolution! vCAC - A look under the hood [+] September Storage Industry Outlook 2014 Calsoft Attends VMworld 2014 SDDC: Extending Virtualization Concepts Why SMB3 NAS? [+] August SSDs and Application Performance: What’s the connect? [+] June 5 Key Features Of Great Software Development SDN Controller Performance Challenges - 2 SDN Controller Performance Challenges - 1 [+] April Security Holes – Part 2 Security Holes – Part 1 [+] February Virtual Machine Archival APIs [+] 2013 [+] December 2014: Storage, Virtualization and Cloud Conferences 2014: Top Storage Technology Advancements to Watch Out [+] November Open vSwitch - A Quick read. [+] September Technical Deep Dive: LSM and SELinux Internal Structure [+] August Getting along with SDN [+] July VHDX: The New Wave in Virtual Hard Disk Formats [+] June ZFS as a software-defined storage platform VMware Virtual Volumes (vVols) - Tech Preview [+] May OpenStack Grizzly – 4 Key Facets [+] March Open Stack: A Sneak-peek [+] February Is it the end of an era for FC SAN? Software Defined Storage Categories Storage Virtualization Cloud Computing Networking Software Defined Storage SSD Software Defined Data Centers Data Protection File Systems Data De-duplication Cloud Storage VMware VMware Storage Certification VMware vCenter vCloud VMware APIs Virtual Desktop Infrastructure VMware Orchestrator vSphere5 Plugin Development Software Defined Networking (SDN) Network Function Virtualization (NFV) Docker Flocker Cloud Data Management Interface (CDMI) Cloud Backup Cloud Governance and Management Cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service(IaaS) OpenStack Infrastructure Monitoring DevOps Quality Assurance & Testing Whitepapers Podacast Webinar Events Business Jenkins GUI Internet of Things (IoT) QA Automation CEO's Blog Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Flash Storage Product Development Security Opendaylight Copyright © 2016 Calsoft Inc. Blog. All rights reserved.
Sun, Nov 20, 2016 | Updated 11.11 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Innovation in India to be greater than anywhere in the world, says Bill Gates Chinese companies invest big in Indian startups Flipkart founders reveal why they invest in startups Here's what Zoho CEO thinks about the Indian startup ecosystem Here's how Mark Zuckerberg plans to tackle fake news on Facebook UK approves new surveillance bill for police and intelligence services Need legislation to tackle rising cybercrime: SC judge Virtual reality to be key focus at this year's NFDC Film Bazaar HP to set up labs to promote digital literacy in Indian villages Analysts have a warning for electric car makers in China FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Why Donald Trump at helm is worrying for Google Alphabet's Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as US President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favoured the internet giant in the company's battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say.Reuters | Updated: Nov 18, 2016, 11.09 AM IST WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO: Alphabet's Google faces a tougher regulatory landscape as US President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration looks poised to reverse Obama administration policies that often favoured the internet giant in the company's battles with telecoms and cable heavyweights, analysts say. Google had close ties with outgoing Democratic President Barack Obama's administration, and its employees donated much more to defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton than to the Republican Trump. In the most concrete sign yet that the tech policy balance may be tipping in favour of telecom firms ahead of Trump's presidency, the US Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday halted action on contentious regulatory reform measures opposed by companies such as AT&T and CenturyLink. In addition, the commission is now expected to reject FCC chairman Tom Wheeler's high-profile proposal to open up the $20 billion market for rented pay-TV set-top boxes, according to two people with knowledge of the matter. That measure would have dealt a big blow to cable companies and created an opening for firms such as Google and Apple. Google search queries may soon help in prevention of suicides Internet search engines may help save lives in the future, thanks to scientists who are developing a way to effectively identify users who are at risk of suicide and provide them with information on where to find help. Obama had thrown his support behind the initiative, a move AT&T decried as an improper intervention on behalf of what it called a "Google proposal." "Google has been much more actively involved in this than Apple has," said Jan Dawson, analyst at Jackdaw Research. "I'm not sure it's critical to Google's business at all that it be allowed to provide these next generation set-top boxes, but there was a business opportunity there." Cable companies have expressed concerns that rivals like Google or Apple could create devices or apps and insert their own content or advertising in cable content. The FCC's moves came a day after Republican lawmakers urged Wheeler, a Democrat, to avoid any contested regulations in the waning days of the Obama administration, saying new rules would be subject to review by the incoming Republican-led Congress and Trump's administration and "could create confusion if reversed." "The question is how far will the pendulum swing back" in favour of telecom companies, said Hal Singer, senior fellow at the George Washington Institute of Public Policy. "It has swung in Google's direction under the FCC and Chairman Wheeler." Among other regulations, Trump's November 8 election has increased the chances that Obama's net neutrality rules, adopted by the FCC in early 2015, could be rolled back, analysts said. Most Republicans strongly oppose net neutrality, which requires internet service providers to treat all data equally and bars them from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content. The rules were a victory for internet firms like Google and Netflix that have advocated an open internet. Jimmy Schaeffler, telecom industry consultant at the Carmel Group, said that "the bottom line is that things will change and there will be less optimism among and fewer opportunities" for companies like Google that do not own the internet networks. Now you have one more way to buy apps on Google Play store Google has started rolling out support for payments through net-banking in Google Play Store purchases. The new feature will allow users to pay for apps, games etc. available on the Google Play Stores via net-banking, instead of having to use credit/debit cards. "That's going to impede their success and those that rely on what they do," Schaeffler added. Republicans in Congress or at a Republican-controlled FCC under a Trump administration could also pare back new privacy rules adopted in October that subject internet service providers to stricter rules than those faced by Google and other websites. Since Trump's victory, Alphabet shares have fallen 2.4%, Netflix shares have dropped 5.9% and Amazon shares are down 2%. AT&T and Verizon Communications Inc shares have been relatively unchanged, while Comcast Corp shares have soared 7.7%. Google did not respond to requests for comment. Extensive ties During Obama's presidency, more than 250 people moved between jobs at Google or related firms and the federal government, national political campaigns and Congress, according to a report this year by the Campaign for Accountability watchdog group's Google Transparency Project. Eric Schmidt, Alphabet's executive chairman, was seen at Clinton's Election Night party wearing a staff badge in a widely circulated photo. In the stolen and leaked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta disclosed by WikiLeaks, an adviser wrote a memo to Clinton in 2014 that said "working relationships with Google, Facebook, Apple, and other technology companies were important to us in 2012 and should be even more important to you in 2016, given their still-ascendent positions in the culture." "We have begun having discreet conversations with some of these companies to get a sense of their priorities for the coming cycle," the adviser wrote. Google introduces PhotoScan, editing tools for Photos app Besides introducing PhotoScan, Google also introduced three new editing features in its Photos app. The new features come as an update to the app for Android, iOS and web versions. Telecoms and cable companies have accused Wheeler of favouring Google at the expense of cable companies. Responding to the criticism, Wheeler said in May: "I hear that allegation, and I scratch my head. I don't get that charge." "Certainly the sort of cosy relationship that Google enjoyed with the Obama administration is not going to continue with Trump," Jackdaw Research's Dawson added. Some analysts and former Google lobbyists noted that the company similarly faced a set of challenging regulatory dynamics when it opened its Washington office in 2005, with Republicans controlling the White House and both houses of Congress and the young tech firm widely perceived to have a liberal bent. "They have a tailwind (in the Obama administration), and that does end now," a former Google employee at the company's Washington office said. "But I think in the long run Google is going to be just fine in Washington. In many ways, its whole operation was built just for moments like this." RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Innovation in India to be greater than anywhere in the world, says Bill Gates Chinese companies invest big in Indian startups Flipkart founders reveal why they invest in startups Here's what Zoho CEO thinks about the Indian startup ecosystem Here's how Mark Zuckerberg plans to tackle fake news on Facebook From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Looking for Helpchat? Try Tapzo instead Apple, Samsung's pain becomes Chinese smartphone makers' gain: Report Practo extends a financial lifeline for patients & doctors in dire need Samsung: No Galaxy Note 7 fire incident reported from India How ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes is hurting telecom companies Japan-based Rakuten signs $205 million sponsorship deal with Barcelona Service providers must come together to address enterprises' IT requirements: Study Russia orders ISPs to block Linkedin IBM's new Mumbai centre to help in digital transformation 1Why Donald Trump at helm is worrying for Google 2Looking for Helpchat? Try Tapzo instead 3Apple, Samsung's pain becomes Chinese smartphone makers' gain: Report 4Practo extends a financial lifeline for patients & doctors in dire need 5Samsung: No Galaxy Note 7 fire incident reported from India 6How ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes is hurting telecom companies 7Japan-based Rakuten signs $205 million sponsorship deal with Barcelona 8Service providers must come together to address enterprises' IT requirements: Study 9Russia orders ISPs to block Linkedin 10IBM's new Mumbai centre to help in digital transformation GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Alcatel Flash Plus 2 16GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Airtel Open Network: Will it address call drops or is it just a marketing gimmick? By Naina Khedekar 39   Comments Airtel offers 3G/4G data at Rs 51 per GB in special scheme to check Reliance Jio effect 12   Comments Twitter testing in-line Subscribe button for Android app By Nimish Sawant 2   Comments WhatsApp to withdraw support for Symbian and BlackBerry devices from 31 December By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments 5 reasons President-elect Donald Trump may impact Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s SpaceX 1   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> South Korea has denied Google’s request to take mapping data to servers outside the country #Google Maps 0   18 Nov 2016 , 11:26 South Korea said on Friday it has rejected Google’s latest request for permission to take government mapping data for use in servers outside the country, citing security issues with North Korea. Google, an Alphabet Inc company, has said it needs to use the data on servers worldwide to enable services that would give walking and driving directions in South Korea. But South Korea, whose 1950-53 war with North Korea ended without a peace treaty, argues that if it allowed such data to leave the country, the locations of military facilities and other sensitive sites could be revealed. The government could grant permission if Google removes images of sensitive sites on its satellite imaging services, an official at the body in charge of mapping data has previously said. But Google has rejected that condition, saying the information is widely available through satellite images that can be purchased freely. The land ministry said it would reconsider if Google changes its position. A Seoul-based spokeswoman for Google did not have immediate comment on Friday’s decision. Separately, Google is under scrutiny in South Korea, with the antitrust regulator examining whether the U.S. firm’s agreements with handset manufacturers on the Android mobile operating system limits market competition. Reuters Tags: driving, Google, Google Maps, Mapping data, military facilities, National Security, North Korea, South Korea, walking Also read Google Earth VR lets you explore the Earth as a size shifting celestial entity Google will face tough regulatory policies under President-elect Donald Trump X Recommended For You Google to retire Map Maker, to be integrated into Google Maps Google yet to receive policy clearance for Street View launch in India Google India official: Bhuvan by ISRO is not competition to Google Maps Google plans to develop more India specific features for Google Maps Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Global Citizen Festival Nov 20, 2016 Global Citizen Festival plans to launch a new app in coming weeks #Cyber security Nov 20, 2016 US opposes the takeover of German Aixtron Se by Chinese FGC citing national security #cybercrime Nov 20, 2016 More than 55 percent millennials have been hit by cybercrime in India: Norton by Symantec #Weather Forecasts Nov 20, 2016 US to launch a new weather satellite that will ‘revolutionize’ forecasts #NSA Nov 20, 2016 US intelligence community recommends removal of Admiral Michael Rogers, current Director of NSA SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad S.Korea rejects Google request to take govt mapping data out of country By Reuters Published: 00:51 EST, 18 November 2016 | Updated: 00:51 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail By Joyce Lee and Se Young Lee SEOUL, Nov 18 (Reuters) - South Korea said on Friday it has rejected Google's latest request for permission to use government mapping data in servers outside the country, citing security issues with North Korea. Google, an Alphabet Inc company, has said it needs to use the data on servers worldwide to enable services that would give walking and driving directions in South Korea. "We're disappointed by this decision," Google spokesman Taj Meadows said in a statement, adding that the company remains hopeful it will be able to provide people in Korea with the full suite of Google Maps services in the future. South Korea, whose 1950-53 war with North Korea ended without a peace treaty, argues that if it allowed such data to leave the country, the locations of military facilities and other sensitive sites could be revealed. The government could grant permission if Google removes images of sensitive sites on its satellite imaging services, an official at the body in charge of mapping data has previously said. But Google has rejected that condition, saying the information is widely available through satellite images that can be purchased freely. The land ministry said it would reconsider if Google changes its position. Separately, Google is under scrutiny in South Korea, with the antitrust regulator examining whether the U.S. firm's agreements with handset manufacturers on the Android mobile operating system limits market competition. (Reporting by Joyce Lee and Se Young Lee; Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Shouldn't one prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's girlfriend is spotted bringing a new coffee machine on set as she returns to work on TV show Suits 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing the return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Google Play Newsstand launched on web; gets complete overhaul on Android and iOS Google Play Newsstand launched on web; gets complete overhaul on Android and iOS November 18, 2016  | Varun Arora Tweet | 0 Comments Technology giant Google Inc. has announced a complete redesign of its news aggregation app Google Play Newsstand on Android and iOS and has also launched a web version of the app. “The complete redesign of Newsstand focuses on three big improvements: personalisation, rich media, and the extension of our platform to the web,” Google said in a blogpost. Newsstand now has four tabs to make it easier to navigate the news. The main For You tab houses both a personalised briefing and an AI-powered recommendation stream at the bottom of the screen. The app has reworked its interface to combine top stories, major headlines, and suggested articles based on a user’s interests and preferences. This blend of content makes identifying top stories simpler, while allowing for deeper exploration of potentially interesting topics. The Library, Explore, and Read Later tabs contain sites and subjects you’ve picked out, additional stories to browse through, and saved articles, respectively, The Verge reported. Google says it will use machine learning to find and recommend timely and relevant stories based on individual interest of users. Users will get to see personalised briefings including major headlines, top stories etc. The company says Newsstand will also recommend a stream of stories from topics and sources, allowing users to go deeper into the day’s news. With the latest update, Google has also improved the support of multimedia content. Users will be able to experience autoplay videos, easy podcast controls, high-resolution and full-bleed images as they scroll through the newsfeed. The company has also brought in a data saver feature which users can toggle on or off. “Finally, we know how important it is to provide access to the news and stories you care about, wherever you are. And that’s why we have not only included Android and iOS in this update, but have extended Newsstand 4.0 to the web with our brand new web app,” added the company in the blogpost. Newsstand which was launched in 2013 competes with the like of Flipboard, Apple News etc. The company says Newsstand has 100 million monthly active users. Earlier this week, Google had brought a fresh update to its Google Play Music App to users in 62 countries. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Google, Google Play Newsstand, Tech Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Meet the six ventures that won Zone Startups’ Next Big Ideas contest Google’s toilet-finder tool to be piloted in NCR Times Internet hires former Twitter exec Rishi Jaitly as CEO of Times Global Partners More in videos » Can Indian businesses carve a digital roadmap for themselves?   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS Megan Liu on 2016-11-19 02:58:21 Global startups can apply to G-Startup (www.g-startup.com) competitions at https... Rohit on 2016-11-17 15:48:32 If the customer is happy with the service, customer will be calling the beautici... School Management System on 2016-11-17 14:33:08 Such a fantastic article. I completely agree with this article because this tech... R Khandelwal on 2016-11-14 19:09:13 Interesting articles to read. Thanks!... Satender on 2016-11-14 13:32:31 Nice article! Kudos to these startups solving these issues in a sustainable mann... What Snapdeal CEO Kunal Bahl’s $100 mn investment plan in fashion means Zomato to set up kitchens, launch annual membership service to push revenues Exclusive: Online rental marketplace WhatsOnRent shuts shop; returns 50% funding A FarmVille of startups Exclusive: Insurance marketplace for rural India GramCover gets funding from Omnivore Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
null
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Google Earth in Virtual Reality mode comes to HTC Vive VR headset Google Earth in Virtual Reality mode comes to HTC Vive VR headset Google has released a Virtual Reality version of Google Earth for HTC Vive headset users. By: Tech Desk | Updated: November 18, 2016 11:22 am Google has released a Virtual Reality version of Google Earth for HTC Vive headset users. Google has released a Virtual Reality version of Google Earth for HTC Vive headset users. The Google Earth VR version will let users explore global landmarks like Amazon River, Manhattan skyline, Grand Canyon, Swiss Alps, and more in a virtual reality mode. Google has reconstructed these in a VR style for users. Google Earth VR was released on Steam on November 16, and according to the description a user will able to “fly over a city, stand at the top of the highest peaks, and even soar into space.” The Earth VR has cinematic tours and hand-picked destinations and it can be downloaded from the Steam Store for free. Just like Google’s Tilt Brush, Earth VR will launch first on the HTC Vive headset although an update could be on the way across other platforms by 2017. Options on Google Earth VR include walking in Tokyo,, walking near Eiffel Tower in addition to the ones mentioned above. According to The Verge, “Google Earth VR has been in development for some time.” It points out that unlike Street View which is 360-degree photosphere, on Google Earth VR you can actually fly around these reconstructed landmarks. Just like other virtual reality experience you’ll feel like you are a part of the experience when in Google Earth VR. Also read: Google Daydream View first impressions: Mobile VR gets serious It’s interesting that Google is bringing this experience to the HTC Vive VR headset first. Google has already announced its own VR platform with DayDream VR  and the new Pixel smartphones are the first DayDream ready headsets. Google also announced its first DayDream View VR headset along with the Pixel phones in October. Google’s DayDream VR headset is actually made from fabric and also comes with its own Bluetooth controller. Google says all YouTube content can be viewed in the Daydream View, even non-360 videos and it plans to add Google Play Movies, Google Street View tours to this list soon. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Google Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show Gaganjeet Bhullar, Jeev Milkha Singh battle spills onto Monday in Jakarta India has become extremely sensitive to criticism: Ex-Governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Earth VR Lets You Take a Virtual Vacation Internet Tech News Google Earth VR Lets You Take a Virtual Vacation Dave Parrack November 17, 2016 17-11-2016 1 minute Google Earth VR Lets You Take a Virtual Vacation Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Earth Discover Jaw-Dropping Views & Experience Nature With These Google Earth Sites Discover Jaw-Dropping Views & Experience Nature With These Google Earth Sites Have you got a great reason to do some armchair tourism? Maybe you're researching your next holiday destination, or looking to educate your kids, or you're unable to travel for real and looking to see... Read More has been educating and entertaining many of us for years. However, the development of new technologies means Google has new ways of letting us all explore our home planet. Virtual reality is surely made for this kind of thing. Cue Google Earth VR. At 196.9 million square miles, planet Earth is rather big. I know, understatement of the year. It’s also beautiful, as anyone who has ever watched a David Attenborough documentary can attest. Sadly most of us will only ever actually visit a small portion of it in our lifetimes. Thankfully, as is usually the case, Google has us covered, with a new app designed to help us all take virtual vacations. Google Earth VR lets you explore this giant ball of rock and water we call home from the comfort of your living room. And all you need is an HTC Vive. Google Earth VR lets you fly over cities, explore famous landmarks, and hover over natural wonders. From your starting point in space you can even zoom right down to street level. The controls are simple, leaving you free to explore planet Earth as you see fit. Exclusive to the HTC Vive Google Earth VR is only available on the HTC Vive Virtual Reality is Finally Here: HTC Vive Review (& Giveaway) Virtual Reality is Finally Here: HTC Vive Review (& Giveaway) The HTC Vive for Steam VR redefines gaming, and more besides. It's the closest thing to a Holodeck I've ever seen. And it's absolutely incredible. Read More right now, and you’ll need to download it from the Steam Store. Thankfully, like all the best things in life, it’s free. Owners of other VR headsets needn’t feel left out, as Google has strongly suggested Google Earth VR will be launching on other platforms in the future. Do you own the HTC Vive? What is your favorite VR app so far? Will you be downloading Google Earth VR? Which location will you be visiting first? Do you think virtual reality is here to stay or just a gimmick? Please let us know in the comments below! Image Credit: Daniel Oines via Flickr Previous PostYes, You Can Exercise Right Now! AnywhereNext PostFirefox Focus Blocks Ads and Trackers By Default 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1566 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
null
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Park Tae-hwan anchors S. Korea to bronze in freestyle relay at Asian champi... The Korea Herald > Business > Technology S. Korea denies Google's request for map data, citing security concerns   Published : 2016-11-18 14:33 Updated : 2016-11-18 14:41 South Korea decided Friday not to allow Google Inc. to take government-supplied map data outside the country, citing possible security breaches. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, which supervises mapping policy, announced the decision after a meeting with officials from the foreign, defense and other-related ministries. Choi Byung-nam, head of the National Geographic Information Institute, talks to reporters on Nov. 18, 2016. The institute, under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, decided not to allow global giant Google Inc. to export government-supplied map data outside the country, citing possible security breaches against North Korea. (Yonhap) "There are security concerns amid the confrontation between the South and the North," the ministry said. "(The ministry) suggested Google come up with supplementary measures to relieve security concerns, but Google did not accept this." The Seoul government had said it might allow Google to use the government-supplied maps if it deleted or blurred sensitive and military facilities, including the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae. Google reportedly did not accept the request, citing the company policy only to provide the best quality service. Google first launched its basic map service in South Korea in 2008 but has failed to offer full-fledged service, including 3-D maps and driving directions. Google first sought approval from the Seoul government in 2010 to store South Korean map data in its foreign servers, such as in Singapore and the United States. The request was rejected by the government due to South Korea's National Security Law, drafted more than a half century ago to fight communism, that bans the South Korean government from sending such map data to other countries. The tech giant currently offers only 20 percent of the total service in South Korea, one of the world's most wired nations. (Yonhap) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Park Tae-hwan anchors S. Kor... 2. Park's attorney rejects pros... 3. Train derails in north India... 4. President a suspect in Choi ... 5. Quality of life hurt by eco... 6. Incheon Airport opens clothi... 7. Scandal-hit companies cautio... 8. Future car around the corne... 9. ‘NPS suffers 28% loss in Sa... 10. Trump signals shift to righ... 1. President a suspect in Choi ... 2. Demonstrations turn whimsica... 3. Incheon Airport opens clothi... 4. Korean Air, Asiana Airlines ... 5. Opposition vows to impeach P... 6. Park Tae-hwan anchors S. Kor... 7. Park's attorney rejects pros... 8. Future car around the corne... 9. Quality of life hurt by eco... 10. Park’s defiance THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Google hits Pixel resellers with 'digital death sentence' - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS WBXH-TV Hourly Forecast Information Editorials Contact Us NEWS Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows Crime Stoppers Health Entertainment News Hand It On Power of 9 9News This Morning Heart of Louisiana Video Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Sportsline Friday Nite SFN Player of the Week Pelicans Headlines Watch SEC Football Live on CBS! SEC Coverage Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Google hits Pixel resellers with 'digital death sentence' By MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writer SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Some of Google's unwitting users are learning a harsh lesson: If you violate the company's policies, it can abruptly cut you off from your Gmail account, online photos and other vital digital services. Several people who recently bought Google's new Pixel phone on behalf of a New Hampshire dealer are now suffering that punishment after the company detected their online purchases and judged they violated its terms of service. Those rules, outlined in a document that few people read closely , forbid the purchase of the Pixel for "commercial" resale. "There isn't an hour that doesn't go by that I don't think about the enormity of what Google has done to me," said one of the affected resellers, Shmuel Super of Brooklyn, New York. "This is like a digital death sentence." SELL YOUR PHONE, LOSE YOUR ACCOUNT Super and his fellow resellers got into trouble for buying up to five Pixel phones from Google's online store and having them delivered to New Hampshire for resale. They received $5 for each phone. As of Sunday, some started finding themselves locked out of their Google accounts. In a Thursday statement, Google described the resale arrangement as a "scheme" devised by a dealer looking to sell the Pixels at marked-up prices in violation of its policies. Google declined to say how many people were affected by the account lockdown. DansDeals , a consumer-focused website that first reported Google's crackdown, concluded that more than 200 people had been blocked from their Google accounts after talking to the New Hampshire dealer behind the Pixel buying spree. The Associated Press was unsuccessful in its efforts to identify and interview the dealer. The crackdown may come as a surprise to the hundreds of millions of people who now routinely rely on Google, Facebook, Apple and other tech companies as the caretakers of their digital lives. Few of the people involved in this situation appear to have backed up their data outside of Google. Google said it plans to restore the accounts of customers who it believes were unaware of the rules, although the company didn't specify how long that might take. LIVING WITHOUT GOOGLE Once they figured out why they were being locked out, the exiled consumers realized how dependent they had become on Google as the custodian of their digital communications, records and other mementoes. Some said they couldn't retrieve confirmation numbers for upcoming flights or notices about an upcoming credit-card payment. Others couldn't fetch work documents or medical records. Some started getting phone calls from friends, family and colleagues wondering why they weren't responding to emails. Like other two other people interviewed by the AP, Super said he had no idea that he was violating Google's policies when he bought the Pixels for the New Hampshire dealer. He can't believe Google would do something as extreme as locking him out of his account without warning, rather than just banning him from buying its phones in the future. "Google's slogan is 'Don't be evil,' but to me, there is nothing more evil that what Google has done here," Super said. CRIME AND PUNISHMENT Some of the Pixels purchased for resale were delivered before Google recognized the violations and meted out a punishment spelled out in a separate terms-of-service document . "We may suspend or stop providing our services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct," Google warns in one section. Google doesn't give any advance notice before it shuts down an account, and doesn't make distinctions between minor and major violations. Affected users can appeal for reinstatement, though it's unclear how long that might take or what criteria Google uses in such cases. Apple also forbids online purchases of iPhones for resale, although its terms of service say only that the company reserves the right to cancel any order suspected of breaking the rule. Daniel Levy, who has been locked out from his Google account since Monday, said he has learned a hard lesson, though not necessarily the one the company intended. "They confiscated my property and shouldn't be trusted," said Levy, who lives in Lakewood, New Jersey. "I will never use their services again." Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended Posted: Sunday, November 20 2016 12:01 PM EST2016-11-20 17:01:25 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 12:01 PM EST2016-11-20 17:01:25 GMT President-elect Donald Trump, in the midst of choosing his Cabinet, took time out Sunday for a second day to criticize the cast of the Broadway musical "Hamilton" and demand an apology for a message an actor...More >> President-elect Donald Trump, in the midst of choosing his Cabinet, took time out Sunday for a second day to criticize the cast of the Broadway musical "Hamilton" and demand an apology for a message an actor delivered from...More >> 2 teens charged with death of Chicago congressman's grandson 2 teens charged with death of Chicago congressman's grandson Posted: Sunday, November 20 2016 10:51 AM EST2016-11-20 15:51:18 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 10:51 AM EST2016-11-20 15:51:19 GMT Police earlier said the shooting stemmed from a dispute over basketball shoes. More >> Two teenagers were charged with first-degree murder Sunday in the fatal shooting of an Illinois congressman's grandson following an argument over a pair of basketball shoes.More >> Rhodes scholars for Class of 2017 announced Rhodes scholars for Class of 2017 announced The Rhodes Trust has named the 32 American men and women chosen as Rhodes Scholars who will pursue post-graduate studies at Oxford University.More >> The Rhodes Trust has named the 32 American men and women chosen as Rhodes Scholars who will pursue post-graduate studies at Oxford University.More >> The Latest: Obama reporters separated from motorcade The Latest: Obama reporters separated from motorcade Posted: Sunday, November 20 2016 12:00 AM EST2016-11-20 05:00:57 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 12:00 AM EST2016-11-20 05:00:59 GMT The Latest on President Barack Obama's final official foreign trip (all times local):More >> The Latest on President Barack Obama's final official foreign trip (all times local):More >> 2 juveniles held in fatal shooting of congressman's grandson 2 juveniles held in fatal shooting of congressman's grandson Posted: Saturday, November 19 2016 11:00 PM EST2016-11-20 04:00:50 GMT Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 11:00 PM EST2016-11-20 04:00:50 GMT The grandson of Illinois U.S. Rep. Danny Davis was fatally shot during in a home invasion in Chicago, the Democratic congressman and police said.More >> Two juveniles are in custody and could be charged in the fatal shooting of an Illinois congressman's grandson following a dispute over a pair of basketball shoes, a Chicago police spokeswoman said on Saturday.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Donald Trump is announcing his choices for key administration jobs, naming Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general, Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo to head the CIA and former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn as his national security adviser More >> Donald Trump is announcing his choices for key administration jobs, naming Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general, Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo to head the CIA and former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn as his national security adviserMore >> Light blight: Art project breathes life into empty buildings Light blight: Art project breathes life into empty buildings A public art project in upstate New York has fitted more than 150 abandoned buildings with lights that pulse at the pace of slow breathing More >> A public art project in upstate New York has fitted more than 150 abandoned buildings with lights that pulse at the pace of slow breathingMore >> Trump goes out for dinner without press in tow Trump goes out for dinner without press in tow President-elect Donald Trump will be holding more meetings at New York City's Trump Tower as he prepares his new administration More >> President-elect Donald Trump will be holding more meetings at New York City's Trump Tower as he prepares his new administrationMore >> Minnesota police officer charged in shooting death of Philando Castile Minnesota police officer charged in shooting death of Philando Castile The girlfriend of a black Minnesota man killed in a traffic stop says she's saddened and relieved the officer who shot him has been charged More >> The girlfriend of a black Minnesota man killed in a traffic stop says she's saddened and relieved the officer who shot him has been chargedMore >> Workers pry gold 'Trump Place' name off apartment buildings Workers pry gold 'Trump Place' name off apartment buildings Workers have pried 3-foot-high gold letters spelling "Trump Place" off three New York City apartment buildings and put up new signage displaying the buildings' street addresses instead More >> Workers have pried 3-foot-high gold letters spelling "Trump Place" off three New York City apartment buildings and put up new signage displaying the buildings' street addresses insteadMore >> DIY breast reconstruction: Device lets women do part at home DIY breast reconstruction: Device lets women do part at home Doctors are testing a device that would let women do part of their own breast reconstruction at home More >> Doctors are testing a device that would let women do part of their own breast reconstruction at homeMore >> Toadstool footstools: Are organisms manufacturing's future? Toadstool footstools: Are organisms manufacturing's future? An upstate New York factory is making furniture with fungus, part of a trend toward more sustainable manufacturing More >> An upstate New York factory is making furniture with fungus, part of a trend toward more sustainable manufacturingMore >> Supermoon to light up sky beginning Monday morning Supermoon to light up sky beginning Monday morning The brightest moon in almost 69 years will be lighting up the sky this week More >> The brightest moon in almost 69 years will be lighting up the sky this weekMore >> For many supporters, Trump is a thing called hope For many supporters, Trump is a thing called hope For at least one group -- the blue-collar downtrodden -- Donald Trump's election was a harbinger of hope More >> For at least one group -- the blue-collar downtrodden -- Donald Trump's election was a harbinger of hopeMore >> Big victories for legal pot, but path ahead is uncertain Big victories for legal pot, but path ahead is uncertain The number of Americans living in states with recreational marijuana more than tripled after at least three states voted to fully legalize the drug More >> The number of Americans living in states with recreational marijuana more than tripled after at least three states voted to fully legalize the drugMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines (LEAD) S. Korea denies Google's request for map data, citing security concerns 2016/11/18 13:59 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print (ATTN: CHANGES headline, lead, photo; UPDATES with more info throughout) SUWON, South Korea, Nov. 18 (Yonhap) -- South Korea decided Friday not to allow Google Inc. to take government-supplied map data outside the country, citing possible security breaches. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, which supervises mapping policy, announced the decision after a meeting with officials from the foreign, defense and other-related ministries. "There are security concerns amid the confrontation between the South and the North," the ministry said. "(The ministry) suggested Google come up with supplementary measures to relieve security concerns, but Google did not accept this."    The Seoul government had said it might allow Google to use the government-supplied maps if it deleted or blurred sensitive and military facilities, including the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae. Google reportedly did not accept the request, citing the company policy only to provide the best quality service. Google first launched its basic map service in South Korea in 2008 but has failed to offer full-fledged service, including 3-D maps and driving directions. Google first sought approval from the Seoul government in 2010 to store South Korean map data in its foreign servers, such as in Singapore and the United States. The request was rejected by the government due to South Korea's National Security Law, drafted more than a half century ago to fight communism, that bans the South Korean government from sending such map data to other countries. The tech giant currently offers only 20 percent of the total service in South Korea, one of the world's most wired nations. Choi Byung-nam, head of the National Geographic Information Institute, talks to reporters on Nov. 18, 2016. The institute, under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, decided not to allow global giant Google Inc. to export government-supplied map data outside the country, citing possible security breaches against North Korea. (Yonhap) khj@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus S. Korean companies showcase latest industrial innovations Park seen fighting back amid resignation calls Experts divided over registration of Hwang's stem cell line Samsung emerges as major player in auto electronics through mega-merger Design fair helps foreign firms tap Korean market S. Korean parties startled by U.S. election outcome (News Focus) Trump's victory heightens policy uncertainty for S. Korea: experts S. Korean businesses brace for 'Trump Shock' News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Airtel Open Network: Will it address call drops or is it just a marketing gimmick? By Naina Khedekar 39   Comments Airtel offers 3G/4G data at Rs 51 per GB in special scheme to check Reliance Jio effect 12   Comments Twitter testing in-line Subscribe button for Android app By Nimish Sawant 2   Comments WhatsApp to withdraw support for Symbian and BlackBerry devices from 31 December By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments 5 reasons President-elect Donald Trump may impact Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s SpaceX 1   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google Translate gets its biggest update with support for neural networks #Google Translate 0 By tech2 News Staff /  18 Nov 2016 , 10:31 Google translations, though helpful, are known to put users in an awkward situation several times. Google now tries to rectify it by bringing one of the biggest update to Translate with natural language translation. Using neural networks, it will be working at improving speech recognition and computer vision. With the new update, Google Translate will utilise Google’s neural machine translation system for translating phrases and will roll out to eight language pairs. English and Chinese were the first, followed by French, German, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Spanish and Turkish. It is believed that these language pairs will cover 35 percent of Google Translates. However, Google is said to eventually roll it out to all 103 languages. In September, Google had deployed the Google Neural Machine Translation (GNMT) system in Google Translate for Chinese to English translation. The system handles 18 million requests every day. Chinese to English is a particularly hard language pair for machines to handle, and the system is expected to be rolled out to more language pairs. The previous system used Phrase-Based Machine Translation (PBMT) that broke down the sentences to be translated into phrases and words for translation. On the other hand, Neural Machine Translation (NMT) considers the entire sentence as an input. When it was first tested, NMT results were as good as PBMT results. Then, Google engineers improved the accuracy of the NMT system by making it identify and treat rare and obscure words separately. These included bilingual humans to continuously rate the results of the NMT. The Tensor Processing Unit Eventually, Google engineers zeroed on a solution that was good enough to be deployed on Google Translate, to quickly and accurately handle the large volume of requests. The production deployment was possible because of the TensorFlow, an open source frame work for machine learning. Besides, the company had lately announced a new Cloud Machine Learning API to help people find careers. Google Jobs API provides businesses with Google-strength capabilities to find, match and recommend relevant jobs to candidates. Cloud Jobs API uses machine learning to understand how job titles and skills relate to one another and what job content, location, and seniority are the closest match to a jobseeker’s preferences.Know more here. Google blogpost states about making Cloud Vision API affordable to all. By offering the API at a more cost effective price, more number of organisations can take advantage of it. Click here to find out more. Starting next, Google Cloud will also offer more hardware choices for businesses looking to use Google Cloud Platform (GCP). “For Google Compute Engine and Google Cloud Machine Learning, businesses will be able to use GPUs (Graphics Processing Units) that are highly-specialized processors capable of handling the complexities of machine learning applications. Making GPUs available in Google Cloud means that you can focus on solving challenging computational problems while accessing GPU machines from anywhere and only paying for what you need,” the blogpost said. Tags: Google, Google Neural Machine Translation, Google neural networks, Google Translate, machine learning, machine learning language, Neural Machine Translation, Neural networks, Phrase-Based Machine Translation Also read Google Translate got way smarter; the app now supports 20 more languages 10 years of Google Translate: from 2 to 103 languages! X Recommended For You Google Now on Tap can translate any screen to a native language Google rolls out Tap to Translate for Android, offline mode for iOS 10 years of Google Translate: from 2 to 103 languages! Google Translate got way smarter; the app now supports 20 more languages Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Global Citizen Festival Nov 20, 2016 Global Citizen Festival plans to launch a new app in coming weeks #Cyber security Nov 20, 2016 US opposes the takeover of German Aixtron Se by Chinese FGC citing national security #cybercrime Nov 20, 2016 More than 55 percent millennials have been hit by cybercrime in India: Norton by Symantec #Weather Forecasts Nov 20, 2016 US to launch a new weather satellite that will ‘revolutionize’ forecasts #NSA Nov 20, 2016 US intelligence community recommends removal of Admiral Michael Rogers, current Director of NSA SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 Nov. 8 Election Results Erica Parsons Keith Scott WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Forecast Video Hour by Hour Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football March Madness Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 1 Live Breaking News 2 465970643 Steves Coats Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More South Korea rejects Google request to use mapping data by: YOUKYUNG LEE, AP Technology Writer Updated: Nov 17, 2016 - 11:24 PM Twtter SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - South Korea has rejected Google's request to use local mapping data in the company's global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. The land ministry said Friday that concerns about national security outweighed benefits from exporting the country's mapping data to Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc. South Korea, facing the overt threat of rival North Korea, bars exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate domestic data servers. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., handles its maps service at data centers outside South Korea. The restrictions have limited the usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since the app cannot offer driving or walking directions. The government had proposed granting permission to Google to use local mapping data for Google Maps if the company would blur sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite map. "Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting (the local mapping data)," said Kim Tong-il, an official at the land ministry. "Google's position is that it won't delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless." South Korea has been divided over the issue since Google filed its request in June. The government extended an August deadline to this month, highlighting disagreements between government ministries. The long-time deliberation reflects growing support for Google within some government ministries that are trying to promote tourism and local firms' overseas businesses. One of the biggest inconveniences that foreign tourists run into in South Korea, which has some of the fastest and cheapest internet access in the world, is the lack of an online mapping service with navigation and directions in foreign languages. Some local businesses and consumers opposed giving Google full access to the local mapping data, saying it would be unfair to local companies that operate local data servers to support their map services. They said Google should build data centers in South Korea instead of seeking an exemption from the rules. Google said earlier that restricting Google Maps in South Korea would be an inconvenience for foreigners visiting the host country of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018. It also argued that restrictions on exporting the local mapping data could hinder efforts of companies to roll out global services using locations data and will deprive local consumers of cutting-edge services. "What is most regrettable is that it could delay introducing innovative mapping services in South Korea and as a result, South Korea could be left behind in the global competition," Kwon Bom-jun, a Google engineer, said in the company's official blog in August. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter South Korea rejects Google request to use mapping data 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped South Korea prosecutors: President conspired with her friend Alibaba, 'Harry Potter' producer to make 'Warriors' movie Police say death toll rises to 63 after 14 coaches of a passenger train… News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Charlotte Coupons About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News South Korea rejects Google’s request to use mapping data South Korea rejects Google’s request to use mapping data South Korea rejected Google's request to use local mapping data due to security concerns. By: AP | Seoul | Published:November 18, 2016 10:34 am The restrictions have limited usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since it cannot offer driving or walking directions. South Korea has rejected Google’s request to use local mapping data in the company’s global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. The land ministry said Friday that concerns about national security outweighed benefits from exporting the country’s mapping data to Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc. South Korea, facing the overt threat of rival North Korea, bars exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate domestic data servers. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., handles its maps service at data centers outside South Korea. The restrictions have limited the usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since the app cannot offer driving or walking directions. The government had proposed granting permission to Google to use local mapping data for Google Maps if the company would blur sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite map. “Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting (the local mapping data),” said Kim Tong-il, an official at the land ministry. “Google’s position is that it won’t delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless.” South Korea has been divided over the issue since Google filed its request in June. The government extended an August deadline to this month, highlighting disagreements between government ministries. The long-time deliberation reflects growing support for Google within some government ministries that are trying to promote tourism and local firms’ overseas businesses. One of the biggest inconveniences that foreign tourists run into in South Korea, which has some of the fastest and cheapest internet access in the world, is the lack of an online mapping service with navigation and directions in foreign languages. Some local businesses and consumers opposed giving Google full access to the local mapping data, saying it would be unfair to local companies that operate local data servers to support their map services. They said Google should build data centers in South Korea instead of seeking an exemption from the rules. Google said earlier that restricting Google Maps in South Korea would be an inconvenience for foreigners visiting the host country of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018. It also argued that restrictions on exporting the local mapping data could hinder efforts of companies to roll out global services using locations data and will deprive local consumers of cutting-edge services. Read: Google joins .NET foundation, Samsung Tizen OS to get .NET support “What is most regrettable is that it could delay introducing innovative mapping services in South Korea and as a result, South Korea could be left behind in the global competition,” Kwon Bom-jun, a Google engineer, said in the company’s official blog in August. Tags: Google Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip Yeh Hai Mohabbatein 20th November 2016 full episode written update: Raman and Vidyut are friends and Vidyut helps Raman to meet Ishita. Koffee With Karan Season 5: Varun Dhawan and Arjun Kapoor’s gay act steals the Karan Johar show Gaganjeet Bhullar, Jeev Milkha Singh battle spills onto Monday in Jakarta India has become extremely sensitive to criticism: Ex-Governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 52° Share South Korea rejects Google request to use mapping data By Youkyung Lee / Associated Press Published: Thursday, November 17th, 2016 at 9:48pm Updated: Thursday, November 17th, 2016 at 9:48pm Choe Byong-Nam, a director general of South Korea's National Geographic Information Institute, speaks after a meeting at the National Geographic Information Institute in Suwon, South Korea, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. South Korea has rejected Google's request to use local mapping data in the company's global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. (Hong KI-won/Yonhap via AP) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........SEOUL, South Korea — South Korea has rejected Google’s request to use local mapping data in the company’s global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. The land ministry said Friday that concerns about national security outweighed benefits from exporting the country’s mapping data to Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc. South Korea, facing the overt threat of rival North Korea, bars exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate domestic data servers. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., handles its maps service at data centers outside South Korea. The restrictions have limited the usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since the app cannot offer driving or walking directions. The government had proposed granting permission to Google to use local mapping data for Google Maps if the company would blur sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite map. “Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting (the local mapping data),” said Kim Tong-il, an official at the land ministry. “Google’s position is that it won’t delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless.” South Korea has been divided over the issue since Google filed its request in June. The government extended an August deadline to this month, highlighting disagreements between government ministries. Advertisement Continue reading The long-time deliberation reflects growing support for Google within some government ministries that are trying to promote tourism and local firms’ overseas businesses. One of the biggest inconveniences that foreign tourists run into in South Korea, which has some of the fastest and cheapest internet access in the world, is the lack of an online mapping service with navigation and directions in foreign languages. Some local businesses and consumers opposed giving Google full access to the local mapping data, saying it would be unfair to local companies that operate local data servers to support their map services. They said Google should build data centers in South Korea instead of seeking an exemption from the rules. Google said earlier that restricting Google Maps in South Korea would be an inconvenience for foreigners visiting the host country of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018. It also argued that restrictions on exporting the local mapping data could hinder efforts of companies to roll out global services using locations data and will deprive local consumers of cutting-edge services. “What is most regrettable is that it could delay introducing innovative mapping services in South Korea and as a result, South Korea could be left behind in the global competition,” Kwon Bom-jun, a Google engineer, said in the company’s official blog in August. Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Most Recent Biz News World Suggested Stories: Google Maps Has New App on iPhone – Dec 13, 2012 Updated: Google Chief, Richardson Visit to North Korea 'Unhelpful,' U.S. Official Says – Jan 3, 2013 Apple Maps, once a laughingstock, now dominates iPhones – Dec 7, 2015 Google reveals 77 percent of its online traffic is encrypted – Mar 15, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
