This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan BlackBerry's DTEK50 fails to raise the security bar By Zack Whittaker | August 15, 2016 -- 12:37 GMT (05:37 PDT) | Topic: Security Editors' rating 5.9 OK $299.99 Average user rating 5.5 Editors' review Specs Pros A well-built, sturdy, good-feeling smartphone Low price might appeal to smaller businesses Its baked-in security features are welcome, even if not bar-raising Cons No iterative software differences from the Priv Its "most secure" tagline is irresponsible and arguably inaccurate. Four years ago, I was one of the few die-hard BlackBerry owners left, as the company began to derail. Today, the company thinks Android can get it back on the tracks. Its debut Android smartphone was a flop, but it hopes that it can redeem itself with its reinvented BlackBerry DTEK50, which it bills as "the world's most secure Android smartphone" today. That largely unchecked and untested claim was enough to grab our attention, given that many still don't believe that "Android" and "security" in the same sentence can be anything more than a contradiction. After two weeks of scrutinizing those claims, here's what we learned. BlackBerry's DTEK50 is a passable smartphone that was in most cases able to match the security features of other similarly secure devices, like Apple's iPhone and Google's Nexus. But the DTEK50 was not able to outperform or raise the security bar in any meaningful way. In part because of that, we dispute the company's claim that this is "the world's most secure Android smartphone." Rapid security patching is good -- when it works Ask anyone in security, and keeping to a regular patching schedule is by far the most effective way of nixing most known security issues. That's why, in the wake of the "Stagefright" vulnerability last year, Google began to offer monthly security patches. Top ZDNET Reviews Dell Latitude 11 5000 7.9 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Amazon Echo 9.0 Google Pixel XL Phone 8.0 Google's own-branded Nexus devices would be given the patches first, and other companies would follow in the coming days and weeks -- though, some wouldn't keep to a schedule at all. BlackBerry promised that it will similarly provide same-day patches for security issues (which was described as "zero day" patching to some, a confusing echo of a common malware descriptor), once they are released by Google or its partners. SECURITY Need a secure smartphone? Answer is simple This is what the foremost security experts and privacy-minded people say. Read More BlackBerry said if it can fix issues that are disclosed outside of that schedule, it will. There's no real way to test this, but we struck lucky -- for want of a better term -- when we found that the DTEK50 was already vulnerable, straight off the manufacturing line, to one of four new security flaws, dubbed "Quadrooter" -- despite being up-to-date with Google's monthly patching schedule. Three of the flaws were already fixed and were rolled out as part of July's monthly batch of security patches. Qualcomm, which was charged with making a fix for the fourth, has released an emergency patch, but it won't be widely released until September. At the time of writing this review, BlackBerry hadn't patched the Quadrooter flaw, and a BlackBerry spokesperson didn't respond to repeated emails requesting to comment. (Update: After this security analysis was posted, BlackBerry confirmed it released a patch for unlocked phones, but those tied to a carrier will not receive the patch until carriers' give their approval.) By delivering patches faster and on a regular basis, Android's patch schedule is arguably better than Apple's, which is erratic and usually only released when bundled with other software improvements. But good patch management only works when it's put into practice. Hardware root-of-trust and secure boot: Welcome, but not new You might not know about the phone's hardware root of trust or the secure boot process, but it's a vital part of ensuring that your phone maintains its security integrity. Every process of the phone's switch-on procedure is cryptographically signed. In other words, if a hacker has tampered with anything in the boot process, the codes will not match up, and the process stops dead. For instance, if malware's found, the phone just won't boot, which prevents your data from being decrypted. Think of it as a dead man's switch (and BlackBerry documents this in detail in a deep-dive blog post). (Image: ZDNet/CBS Interactive) It's why Apple has included these features in its iPhone for many years, as do modern Samsung phones that come equipped with its Knox technology. Android comes with this feature baked in, but it'll become a strictly enforced feature when Android Nougat, the latest iteration of the operating system, is rolled out. When the DTEK50 gets the new software in the months after its launch, executives said, that'll make verifying the phone's boot process far stronger. In the meantime, it's a good start, but it doesn't nudge the security needle forward. Encryption as standard, but questions over Android "hardening" Encryption has become a controversial topic in the past year. Apple got it out of the gate first, largely because the company controls the hardware and software package. Android stumbled because of performance and fragmentation issues. Just as all modern iPhone and Android Marshmallow devices and later, the DTEK50 comes with full-disk encryption -- an increasingly commonplace smartphone feature. BlackBerry also touts its Android "hardening" effort, which it argues makes it tougher for attackers to extract data or take control of a device. One of those features includes "improved random number" generation, which we wrote about in more detail here. The short version is that, according to cryptographers who spoke to us about this, BlackBerry's hardening efforts "doesn't meaningfully change the security of the phone," because the company is trying to fix something that isn't broken. And because BlackBerry used a largely secret and proprietary method to try to improve the cryptography -- which can't be inspected or verified by security experts -- the phone may be secure, but until we know how and why, we can't (and shouldn't) fully trust the phone. DTEK's app will pacify and inform, but not block My biggest gripe with the phone's flagship app, which first debuted with the Priv, was that it didn't do anything -- and it still doesn't. In case you missed it, the phone is named after its flagship app, DTEK, a play on "detect." The app sits on your home screen, acting as a gateway health dashboard for your phone. It tells you how secure your device is, such as if a strong passcode has been set, and even when apps use your phone's features. If a malicious app triggers your camera or your microphone, it'll tell you -- but it won't block it. (Image: ZDNet/CBS Interactive) BlackBerry said that the app hasn't changed since it was first rolled out to the Priv, despite a promise from David Kleidermacher, chief security officer, who said the app would be "constantly" improved. We had some harsh words for the app the first time around -- all of which still stands today. "DTEK isn't much more than an information app in that it tells you when things are happening, unlike a privacy app which actively mitigates against data-slurping incursions [...] It doesn't prevent your data from being slurped up by the various apps you use, nor does it give you an option to do much about it -- except uninstall the apps." Now both the Priv and the DTEK50 are running Android Marshmallow, and both phones now come with iPhone-style app permissions by default, so you have greater granular control over your apps and what they can access. I'd put that down as a win for Android, over any worthwhile improvement on BlackBerry's part -- though it nevertheless puts the DTEK50 on a par with other devices that run Android Marshmallow, as well as the iPhone. Bottom line: Security, take two, but no lessons learned Android already has a bad rap when it comes to security and privacy. Anything to boost that impression could be a boon to business -- if done right. But BlackBerry hasn't learned any lessons from its first Android incarnation, and by its own admission hasn't improved the phone's security in any consequential way. Case in point: Alex Thurber, the company's global device sales chief, told us at a meeting that the Priv and the DTEK50 are "the two most secure smartphones," because the Priv is "as secure" as the DTEK50. The reality is that when you cut through the marketing fluff, you're still faced with an unremarkable phone, which, like any other product or service, takes one hole in the security facade to bring the entire thing down. Granted, the company didn't know about Quadrooter ahead of time. Its so-called privacy app doesn't block or mitigate, and only passively advises. We can welcome its hardware improvements, but it's not enough to nudge it past that already-high security bar to achieve status as "the world's most secure Android smartphone." Marketing and selling this phone as more secure than other phones that are equal or better in the security space is going to give people false hope, and that's dangerous for those who think this phone will defeat hackers and attackers at every hurdle. Security researchers will tell you that the most secure smartphones will be the least useful to most people. But in absence of perfection, many will choose an iPhone over anything else. Tried and tested, the iPhone was able to withstand government demands for customer data -- and, though not perfect, Apple's closed in-house duopoly of hardware and software makes it far tougher to crack than most other devices. So what's the most secure Android phone available now? Your best bet is a Nexus smartphone, which researchers believe are the least vulnerable to flaws and issues because of rapid vulnerability patching. Black Hat 2016 This tiny $6 gadget lets you break into hotel rooms Microsoft won't fix Windows flaw that lets hackers steal your username and password Encryption ransomware now 'tried and trusted' attacker business model Hackers hijack Jeeps once more, your brakes belong to them How hackers can make 'virtually any person' click on a dangerous link Flaw in Samsung Pay lets hackers' wirelessly skim credit cards 'Quadrooter' flaw puts 900 million Android devices at risk Update at 2:25pm ET: to add that after this security analysis went live, BlackBerry had patched the remaining Quadrooter flaw, a little over a week after it was first revealed. Specifications Cellular Technology WCDMA (UMTS) / GSM Type Smartphone Integrated Components audio player, front-facing camera, navigation, rear-facing camera, voice recorder Navigation BeiDou, GLONASS, GPS Band WCDMA (UMTS) / GSM 850/900/1800/1900 Mobile Broadband Generation 4G Phone Form Factor touch Service Provider not specified Operating System Family Android Operating System Android 6.0 Marshmallow SIM Card Type nano SIM Input Device Multi-touch , capacitive General SAR Value 0.83 W/kg (body) / 1.19 W/kg (head) Integrated Components Rear-facing camera, front-facing camera, audio player, voice recorder, navigation Phone Features Phone Functions Speakerphone, call timer, conference call, flight mode, vibrating alert Sensors Accelerometer, ambient light sensor, proximity sensor, magnetometer, gyro sensor, hall sensor Additional Features Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Miscellaneous Sensors accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyro sensor, hall sensor, magnetometer, proximity sensor Color Black Color Category black Messaging & Internet Messaging Services MMS, SMS Supported Social Networks and Blogs Yes Display Type Color Display Resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels Color Depth 24-bit (16.7 million colors) Pixel Density (ppi) 424 Diagonal Size 5.2 in Diagonal Size (metric) 13.2 cm Smartphone Diagonal Size 5.2 in Protection scratch resistant glass Color Support color Processor Clock Speed 1.5 GHz Type QUALCOMM Snapdragon 617 Manufacturer Qualcomm MSM8952 Snapdragon 617 Processor Core Qty Octa-core 64-bit Architecture Yes Communications Data Transmission EDGE, GPRS, FD-LTE, HSDPA, HSPA+, HSUPA, LTE, TD-LTE Data Transmission Operating Band LTE Band 1, LTE Band 2, LTE Band 20, LTE Band 28, LTE Band 3, LTE Band 38, LTE Band 40, LTE Band 41, LTE Band 7, LTE Band 8 Data Transmission Operating Frequency LTE 700/800/900/1800/1900/2100/2300/2500/2600 Wireless Interface Bluetooth 4.2, IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, NFC LTE Band LTE Band 1, LTE Band 3, LTE Band 7, LTE Band 20, LTE Band 2, LTE Band 8, LTE Band 38, LTE Band 40, LTE Band 41, LTE Band 28 Camera Digital Zoom 4 Focus Adjustment automatic Camera Light Source dual LED flash Features 6-element lens, Burst mode, Panorama, Phase Detect Auto-Focus (PDAF), face detection, picture stabilizer Media Player Supported Digital Video Standards MKV, VC-1, AVI, MOV, XviD, MPEG-4, ASF, DivX, 3GP, H.264, H.263, WebM, 3G2, VP8, VP9, H.265 Supported Digital Audio Standards WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, FLAC, XMF, AAC +, OGG, WMV (Sound), MXMF, AWB, IMY, RTTTL, RTX Multimedia Graphics Accelerator Qualcomm ADRENO 405 Environmental Parameters Min Operating Temperature 32 °F Max Operating Temperature 95 °F Memory RAM 3 GB Supported Flash Memory Cards microSDXC - up to 2 TB Battery Standby Time Up to 576 Hours Capacity 2610 mAh Run Time Details Mixed usage - up to 17 hrs Talk - up to 1020 min Standby - up to 576 hrs Playback ( audio ) - up to 40 hrs Playback ( video ) - up to 8 hrs Digital Camera Digital Zoom 4 Lens Aperture f/2.0 Focus Adjustment automatic Camera Light Source dual LED flash Video Recorder Resolutions 1920 x 1080 (1080p) Features 6-element lens, Burst mode, Panorama, Phase Detect Auto-Focus (PDAF), face detection, picture stabilizer Header Brand BlackBerry Product Line BlackBerry Model DTEK50 Packaged Quantity 1 CE Input Device Type touch sensitive screen (multi-touch) Touchscreen Technology capacitive Features Sensors accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyro sensor, hall sensor, magnetometer, proximity sensor Phone Functions call timer, conference call, flight mode, speakerphone, vibrating alert Additional Features Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Digital Player (Recorder) Supported Digital Audio Standards AAC, RTX, WAV, WMV (Sound), XMF, AMR, AWB, FLAC, IMY, MP3, MXMF, OGG, RTTTL Supported Digital Video Standards 3G2, 3GP, MPEG-4, VC-1, VP8, VP9, WebM, XviD, ASF, AVI, DivX, H.263, H.264, H.265, MKV, MOV RAM Installed Size 3 GB Flash Memory Internal Memory Capacity 16 GB Max Supported Size 2 TB Supported Flash Memory Cards microSDXC Graphics System Graphics Accelerator Qualcomm ADRENO 405 Optical Sensor Sensor Resolution 13 pixels Front-facing Camera Sensor Resolution 8 Megapixel Lens Aperture f/2.2 Dimensions & Weight Width 2.85 in Depth 0.29 in Height 5.79 in Weight 5.2 oz Topics: Security, BlackBerry, Google, Smartphones Where To Buy Price $299.99 Amazon.com $299.00 Newegg.com $289.99 Top ZDNET Reviews Lenovo ThinkPad 13 7.9 Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro (2016) 8 Gyration Air Mouse Voice Dell XPS 13 (2016) 8.5 Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. User Reviews Powered by Livefyre Add your Review Where To Buy BlackBerry DTEK50 Part Number: DTEK50 Price $299.99 Amazon.com $299.00 See It Newegg.com $289.99 See It Related Stories Laptops Lenovo ThinkPad 13 review: A tough and affordable ultraportable workhorse Laptops Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro (2016) review: Fast, light, innovative, and expensive Hardware Gyration Air Mouse Voice, First Take: Multi-function mouse gets voice-activated presentation effects Laptops Dell XPS 13 (2016) review: Powerful, light and well-made × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About TECHNOLOGY Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 What the Autumn Statement means for tech, science and UK businesses What the Autumn Statement means for tech, science and UK businesses Politics 1 hour ago Where to find the best Black Friday deals – and even Apple is getting involved this year Where to find the best Black Friday deals – and even Apple is getting involved this year Shopping 3 hours ago Google's AI just created its own universal 'language' Google's AI just created its own universal 'language' Algorithms 11:02 AM EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight 4G 11:16 AM Ditto joins the Pokémon Go ranks as the 'Nearby' tool rolls out more widely Ditto joins the Pokémon Go ranks as the 'Nearby' tool rolls out more widely Pokemon Go 11:46 AM 5G and superfast broadband for all: UK government pledges to help fund the roll-out 5G and superfast broadband for all: UK government pledges to help fund the roll-out High-Speed Broadband 1 day ago Foldscope's origami microscope smashes its Kickstarter target in less than 24 hours Foldscope's origami microscope smashes its Kickstarter target in less than 24 hours Science 4 hours ago The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI Minecraft 6 hours ago These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week Batteries 6 hours ago Watch McLaren's all-electric P1 being put through its paces Watch McLaren's all-electric P1 being put through its paces Mclaren 6 hours ago This 3D-printed cat tongue reveals how felines 'brush' their fur with Velcro-like spikes This 3D-printed cat tongue reveals how felines 'brush' their fur with Velcro-like spikes Cats 11:02 AM Facebook reportedly built a 'censorship' tool for China Facebook reportedly built a 'censorship' tool for China Facebook 9:04 AM WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 23 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 23 Technology 6:00 AM This island is powered entirely by solar panels and batteries thanks to SolarCity This island is powered entirely by solar panels and batteries thanks to SolarCity Solar Power 1 day ago DeepMind hits back at criticism of its NHS data-sharing deal DeepMind hits back at criticism of its NHS data-sharing deal NHS 1 day ago AI will soon 'evolve' like humans – and civilisation as we know it will change forever AI will soon 'evolve' like humans – and civilisation as we know it will change forever R&D 1 day ago Cars 3 goes very dark in its first teaser trailer Cars 3 goes very dark in its first teaser trailer Pixar 1 day ago This video could make your iPhone unusable This video could make your iPhone unusable iOS 1 day ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories What the Autumn Statement means for tech, science and UK businesses What the Autumn Statement means for tech, science and UK businesses Politics 1 hour ago Where to find the best Black Friday deals – and even Apple is getting involved this year Where to find the best Black Friday deals – and even Apple is getting involved this year Shopping 3 hours ago Google's AI just created its own universal 'language' Google's AI just created its own universal 'language' Algorithms 11:02 AM EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight 4G 11:16 AM Ditto joins the Pokémon Go ranks as the 'Nearby' tool rolls out more widely Ditto joins the Pokémon Go ranks as the 'Nearby' tool rolls out more widely Pokemon Go 11:46 AM 5G and superfast broadband for all: UK government pledges to help fund the roll-out 5G and superfast broadband for all: UK government pledges to help fund the roll-out High-Speed Broadband 1 day ago Foldscope's origami microscope smashes its Kickstarter target in less than 24 hours Foldscope's origami microscope smashes its Kickstarter target in less than 24 hours Science 4 hours ago The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI Minecraft 6 hours ago These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week Batteries 6 hours ago Watch McLaren's all-electric P1 being put through its paces Watch McLaren's all-electric P1 being put through its paces Mclaren 6 hours ago This 3D-printed cat tongue reveals how felines 'brush' their fur with Velcro-like spikes This 3D-printed cat tongue reveals how felines 'brush' their fur with Velcro-like spikes Cats 11:02 AM Facebook reportedly built a 'censorship' tool for China Facebook reportedly built a 'censorship' tool for China Facebook 9:04 AM WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 23 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 23 Technology 6:00 AM This island is powered entirely by solar panels and batteries thanks to SolarCity This island is powered entirely by solar panels and batteries thanks to SolarCity Solar Power 1 day ago DeepMind hits back at criticism of its NHS data-sharing deal DeepMind hits back at criticism of its NHS data-sharing deal NHS 1 day ago AI will soon 'evolve' like humans – and civilisation as we know it will change forever AI will soon 'evolve' like humans – and civilisation as we know it will change forever R&D 1 day ago Cars 3 goes very dark in its first teaser trailer Cars 3 goes very dark in its first teaser trailer Pixar 1 day ago This video could make your iPhone unusable This video could make your iPhone unusable iOS 1 day ago Technology WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 15 Google is developing a new operating system, the first flight of the Airlander 10 has been delayed By WIRED 15 Aug 2016 By WIRED Monday 15 August 2016 When fully operational and manned it's expected the Airlander 10 will be able to spend five days in the air Hybrid Air Vehicles Your WIRED daily briefing. Today, Google is developing a new operating system for the Internet of Things, British accounting software firm Sage has suffered a customer data breach, the first flight of the world's longest aircraft has been postponed and more. ADVERTISEMENT Get WIRED Awake sent straight to your inbox every weekday morning by 8am. Click here to sign up to the WIRED Awake newsletter. 1. Google is developing a new, non-Linux based operating system Google is working on a new operating system called Fuchsia, designed for devices on the Internet of Things (Android Police). The project's description on its own GitHub page is enigmatic: "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)". Unlike Android and ChromeOS, it's not based on Linux. Further investigation reveals a lightweight operating system built for 32-bit and 64-bit ARM CPUs of the sort used by almost every mobile and IoT device, that can also run on standard PCs. Google's Travis Geiselbrecht has also confirmed that it'll soon be out for the ARM-based Raspberry Pi 3. Read more EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight By Victoria Woollaston 2. Sage customers hit by data breach British accounting software firm Sage, which provides cloud-based as well as desktop versions of its enterprise financial packages, reports that it has suffered a data breach that may have exposed the personal details of staff at 280 businesses across the UK (BBC). Police are investigating and the Information Commissioner's Office, responsible for enforcing the Data Protection Act, has been informed. A representative from Sage said that "we are investigating unauthorised access to customer information using an internal login." 3. Airlander's first flight delayed The maiden flight of Hybrid Air Vehicles' Airlander 10 airship, set to be the longest aircraft ever to take to the skies, has been delayed following a "technical issue" (Evening Standard). Due to have taken off yesterday from Cardington Airfield in Bedfordshire, the organiser of the test flight told the Evening Standard that, once the issue had been resolved, there wasn't enough time left to complete the test before dark. A new test flight date has yet to be confirmed, but Hybrid Air Vehicles tweeted that "the weather window is against us over the next few days, so First Flight will not be for a number of days yet." 4. SpaceX notches up another perfect landing SpaceX has successfully landed a sixth Falcon 9 rocket on a drone ship at sea, following the launch of a Japanese communications satellite (The Verge). The landing was particularly challenging, due to the great height and large amount of fuel required to get the geostationary satellite into orbit, leaving the rocket with little left to control its descent. SpaceX has now landed six of its 11 Falcon 9 boosters, although it has yet to reuse any of them: a key element of its future business plan. ADVERTISEMENT Read more These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week By Amelia Heathman 5. Temporary tattoo turns your skin into circuitry Working with Microsoft Research, a team of MIT researchers, led by Cindy Hsin-Liu Kao, have developed an attractive and non-invasive form of biohacking that lets you control electronic devices using your own skin (Motherboard). DuoSkin's fabrication technique involves printing circuits using gold leaf to create surprisingly beautiful temporary tattoos that can be used as functional user interface devices, including "buttons, sliders, and 2D trackpads". The technology uses NFC to take power from and communicate with hardware such as mobile phones. 6. Apple has plans for augmented reality Speaking in an inteview with The Washington Post, Apple CEO Tim Cook has confirmed that the company is working on augmented reality projects (VentureBeat). He didn't go into detail, noting only that "I think AR is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology" and that "yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on." Cook also discussed Apple's future use of artificial intelligence and its implications for user privacy. 7. The Great Barrier Reef will cost £4.8 billion to save A new report from the Queensland Water Science Taskforce in Australia concludes that it's still possible to save Australia's Great Barrier Reef, even after a bleaching event earlier this year that affected up to 90 per cent of the reef's corals in places (Motherboard). However, the report estimates that putting measures in place to reverse the damage will cost 8.2 billion Australian dollars (£4.8 billion). Key to the project's success would be the halving of agricultural sediment pouring into the sea from the Fitzroy Basin and cutting nitrogen levels in the sediment by 80 per cent. ADVERTISEMENT Read more The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI By Gian Volpicelli 8. Video: baby Monserrat tarantulas hatched in captivity for the first time Chester Zoo has successfully hatched a clutch of 200 Monserrat tarantulas, a little-known species found on just a single island in the Caribbean (BBC). The zoo got its first adult tarantulas in 2013, and careful mating efforts resulted in three pregnant females. Curator of lower vertebrates, Dr Gerardo Garcia, said that, months after the females buried themselves to gestate, "spiders started popping out of the earth like crazy. From one single burrow, one female, we had about 200 tarantulas - tiny spiderlings." The delicate creatures are now being hand-reared on a diet of small flies. 9. Pokémon Uranium receives inevitable takedown notice After being downloaded over 1.5 million times, unauthorised fan-made Windows game Pokémon Uranium has been taken down following notices issued by Nintendo of America's lawyers (Polygon). The makers of the free game say that "while we have not personally been contacted, it’s clear what their wishes are, and we respect those wishes deeply. Therefore, we will no longer provide official download links for the game through our website." Pokémon Uranium is only the latest Nintendo-inspired fan game to be issued a takedown notice, following the similar fate of Another Metroid 2 Remake last week. Fans are advised to exercise caution if they search for unauthorised downloads of either title. 10. R2-D2 actor Kenny Baker has passed away British actor Kenny Baker, best known for his role as R2-D2 in the original Star Wars trilogy, as well as reprisals in the prequels, has died following a long illness (The Guardian). He was 81. Baker is also known for his roles in Time Bandits, Flash Gordon and The Elephant Man. Mark Hamill wrote in tribute: "A lifelong loyal friend-I loved his optimism & determination He WAS the droid I was looking for!" Popular on WIRED Inside the infinite world of No Man's Sky and its evolving soundtrack The sheer size of No Man's Sky is almost impossible to grasp. The game, which algorithmically generates everything that exists in its freeform cosmos, potentially has 18 quintillion worlds, all creating a unique route through space to the centre of the universe. Almost miraculously, developer Hello Games has packed this entire universe packed into just 6 GB of data – and studio founder Sean Murray says "a lot of that is audio". But how do you produce music for an ever-changing, inconceivably vast universe? In Hello Games' case, you partner with Sheffield-based math rock band 65daysofstatic and produce a progressive, experimental soundtrack that's every bit as adaptive and unpredictable as No Man's Sky itself is. Here, WIRED speaks with the band's Paul Wolinski to uncover how they did it. ADVERTISEMENT WIRED 09.16 – on sale now This year we’ve broadened the scope of the annual WIRED 100 to cover the most powerful and influential people in the digital world, not just Europe. Find out who does (and doesn’t) make the list. Out now in print, iPad and iPhone. Subscribe now and save. Book now for WIRED Security WIRED Security is a new one-day event from WIRED, curated to explore, explain and predict new trends, threats and defences in cyber security. The one-day event takes place in October. Podcast 280: Facebook blocks adblockers, Netflix and chill Listen now, subscribe via RSS or add to iTunes. Get social. Follow WIRED on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. Share this article RECOMMENDED WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 22 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 22 By WIRED Wired Awake 22 Aug 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 10 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 10 By WIRED Wired Awake 10 Aug 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 18 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 18 By WIRED Wired Awake 18 Aug 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 23 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 23 By WIRED Wired Awake 23 Aug 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
icon-book icon-close icon-conversation icon-delta icon-envelope icon-external icon-house icon-menu icon-pencil icon-products icon-search moz-logo Products Blog About Learn & Connect Moz Pro Moz Local Free Tools Log in Learn SEO Broaden your SEO with marketing resources for all skill levels: best practices, industry survey results, webinars and more. Advance your marketing skills: Local Marketing | Content | Social Media Get started with: The Beginner's Guide to SEO The Local Learning Center The Beginner's Guide to Content Marketing Q&A Get answers from the Moz Community Help Hub Learn how to use Moz Products Community & Events Connect with 500K online marketers Blogs Read the Moz Blog and YouMoz Blogs YouMoz Moz Blog YouMoz Rand’s Blog Dev Blog Categories Moz Blog Tips tricks, news and tutorials to help you level-up your online marketing YouMoz Posts submitted by the Moz community, often promoted to the Moz Blog Rand’s Blog Written by the co-founder of Moz and Inbound.org Dev Blog Written by the members of the Moz engineering team By: Mark Preston August 15th, 2016 Case Study: The Interconnectedness of Local SEO and Exact Match&nbspDomains Local SEO 18 60 This YouMoz entry was submitted by one of our community members. The author’s views are entirely his or her own (excluding an unlikely case of hypnosis) and may not reflect the views of Moz. Before we get into this article, I just want to say that if you are wanting to build a brand, doing it through exact match domains is not the best idea. I selected an exact match domain for myself, however, as I wanted to build up my personal brand. What has happened was purely an accident, but proves that exact match domains (EMDs) or partial match domains (PMDs) really do work — and work very well. My story Back in April 2016, after spending 15 years building digital marketing agencies, I decided to strike out on my own and promote my personal brand as a freelance SEO consultant. I registered the domain markprestonseo.com and launched my small website with the intention of writing weekly blogs. Things did not turn out the way I planned, and work now eats up all my time. When my site went live, I performed all of the usual on-page tweaks and published it on HTTPS. I then set up Google My Business, became verified, and created a few citations on the top UK directory sites and data aggregators. Since then, I have not really done much to promote my site and have not yet got around to doing any natural link building. The only links I have are from citations that use my domain as the anchor text. After a couple of months, I checked my links through Ahrefs and noticed that, to my astonishment, the site was ranking on the first page for Preston SEO. Why is this astonishing? Because my business address, the address on my website, my Google account, and citations all state that my business is located in Blackpool, not Preston. The towns are about 17 miles, or 27km, apart. I started to research the reason my website was outranking SEO agencies that were actually located in Preston and concluded that it was likely due to my domain name. The citations I had submitted all link to my site using the anchor text markprestonseo.com and the words "Preston SEO" are in my domain name. It appeared Google was ranking me in a town unrelated to my location because of exact match anchor text which, by pure accident, happened to be identical to my domain name. I took this as proof EMDs still work very well despite widespread belief to the contrary. I shared the discovery with Rand Fishkin via email. He replied: “I think Google is confusing mentions of your brand name with the keyword itself and thus you're benefiting in their rankings/visibility. I'm not saying exact match anchor text/EMDs don't work, just that it's a conflation on Google's part when they work in these sorts of fashions, not an intentional element of Google's ranking goals.” So, Google is just getting mixed up. I personally think Google is working how Google does: looking at the anchor text and ranking my site accordingly. Something else in my favor: I don’t use a telephone number linked to a specific area code; I use my mobile phone number. Also, my postal business address is in Blackpool; my telephone number is not. Local SEO means local It's widely known that getting a website ranked for a location not attached to your business address (or within a small radius) is nearly impossible these days. But it appears that I have managed to do just that. What happened next totally shocked me. On a recent morning, when I was looking further into this situation, I typed in the term "Preston SEO" and nearly fell off my chair when I saw my site ranking in the No.3 spot on the maps and in the No.5 spot organically. How on earth is this even possible when I don’t have an address in Preston and not a single citation relates to the town of Preston? Does this mean we can just set up exact match domains relating to different areas outside one's physical location and get listed organically and on the maps? Personally, I think not. Armed with this new finding, I set about reaching out to a few top SEO and marketing pros to ask for their comments. The response was fantastic and here is what they had to say on the subject: “The distance from your location to Preston is 13 miles. I don’t find it odd that it would locate you. If you were perhaps much further away, say Birmingham, sure. But this doesn’t look odd to me at all.” — Danny Sullivan, founding Editor at Marketing Land and Search Engine Land So, Danny thinks that this is very normal, even if they are two totally different towns. He does point out that my freelance office is on the outskirts of Blackpool on the Preston side. “My only comment on your finding is that it is based on very limited data. Just a test of one EMD. I tend to agree with Rand’s comments. Google’s algorithm is not perfect. We run into strange things all the time. But I would say that Google gets it right way more often than they get it wrong.” — Arnie Kuenn, CEO of Vertical Measures I have been preaching ethical SEO for over a decade now and do believe Google gets it right way more often than not. “I agree with Rand. From my background in text analytics, I suspect that Google is identifying Preston as an entity — a proper noun in this case — but it can't tell the difference between your name and the place name. It is possible that your physical proximity to Preston even adds to this confusion. I suspect that exact match domains help a bit in the algorithm, but I believe that they don't work as well as they did years ago.” — Mike Moran, founder, Biznology I do agree that EMDs are not as powerful as they once were, but with the launch of all the Local SEO-related updates, I would have thought Google would not rank sites outside the physical location. I can also see that it may be the case that Blackpool and Preston are only 17 miles apart, but I noticed this same thing the other day when I was doing some competitive analysis for a client. Now they are also ranking in Preston because of an exact match domain, but their physical location is 51 miles, or 82 km, apart. “1) If search queries have limited volume and limited competition then they are often quite easy to rank for. But since almost nobody is searching for them, there is little financial incentive to rank for them. 2) The value of an EMD decreases EXPONENTIALLY as other signals get folded into rankings for highly competitive keywords, particularly for terms which heavy advertising billion dollar brands target. It would probably be almost impossible to sustainably rank for [auto insurance] or [car insurance] in the US market leveraging an EMD at this point. An industry trade organization might be able to do it, but just about everyone else would be guaranteed to fail due to algorithmic ranking mix shift and the brand strength of competitors.” — Aaron Wall of SEOBOOK. I agree that the search volume is not great, but Google is clearly ranking me for a town that my business is not located in. To me, this shows that local is all messed up or Google is seeing "Preston SEO" as a keyword, and not a location, so they are ranking me based on the keyword anchor text which just happens to be part of my domain. “Nothing to add really above what you and Rand have said. It looks like a combination of Google not understanding that Preston in this context is your surname (and not a location) + the citations + the word in the domain. The Google Maps listing is evidence of Google not understanding the context of the word Preston. We still see keywords in domain names helping, just not to the same extent they used to in years gone by. :) " — Paddy Moogan, Co-Founder of Aira So, from Paddy’s comment, it does appear that Google is just getting things mixed up here... or is it that exact match anchor text is more powerful than the citations related to the physical address? “I just took a quick look but you have Preston SEO in your title tag, copy, domain and anchor text. It is likely a combination of factors along with the fact that the monthly volume for Preston SEO is 140 searches per month (low volume) that are leading to you ranking quickly for it. If you look at the Moz Local local ranking survey https://moz.com/local-search-ranking-factors you still seem to check several key boxes. Business title, on page keyword use, and anchor text are significant ranking factors so I can see why they would rank you locally. I don’t think this would work in a more competitive local environment, though.” — AJ Ghergich, founder of Ghergich & Co I have to agree that it would probably be a different story if my name just happened to be "Mark London." What is crazy, though is this: I rank at No. 5 for "Preston SEO" organically, but for "Blackpool SEO" (the town my business and all my citations are associated with), I am way down in position No. 38 (for now) organically. Again, this is another sign that EMDs with exact match anchor text work well or that Google would naturally rank me in Blackpool as well as Preston. “First of all, you must remember that Local Search and Universal Search have two different ranking algorithms, hence the local box weirdness and the organic search issues almost surely have different reasons. If I remember well, then, the 'center centric' local ranking factor is not such anymore, in the sense that — depending on the industry niche — Google doesn't calculate anymore the geographical distance from the downtown of a city for determining the relevance of a local result, but it can consider a different kind of center. For instance, this is true for things like malls or car dealers, which usually are in the suburbs of the cities. In the Preston specific case, it seems as if Google considered as 'center' an undetermined place between Preston and Blackpool because it is not showing any agency of Blackburn, which is closer to Preston than Blackpool. Overall it is a very normal SERP, IMHO... which indicates that all the other SEO agencies are doing very bad in Local Search if you are present in the local box (or other non-Preston agencies).” — Gianluca Fiorelli of ILoveSEO.net Note: The above is just a snippet of what Gianluca actually sent me as he went into some detail. I did like his comment though that I am ranking because all the other SEO agencies who are actually based in Preston are not very good. “I agree with you — exact match domains still work quite well. I've been wanting to do an article on it for a long time. BUT, usually, the moment you write something like that, magically, they'll stop working. Especially if your article gets a lot of notice. So, if you want it to keep working for you, you might want to keep it under wraps.” —Kristi Hines, a freelance writer at kristihines.com. Truthfully, it's not an issue of whether or not I want to keep it working for me. I'm simply trying to understand what's happening. I have to say that I’m glad that someone is thinking along the same lines as me, though. “It looks to me like Google is confusing your last name with the location. While I haven’t done a detailed backlink analysis for your site, I suspect that it’s further proof of the power of anchor text, as Google sees “preston” in some of your backlinks, and “seo” in others of those links. It may even recognize that “preston” is a proper name, but not know the difference between your last name and the city. Of course, you also use your name a lot on your site too!” —Eric Enge of Stone Temple Consulting Let’s turn this on its head a little: Imagine Google is confusing my name with the town of Preston Imagine that I was not ranking based on exact match anchor text links Why is it then that I rank in the No. 3 spot on the maps and No. 5 organically for the term "Preston SEO" when the term "SEO Preston" is ranking me in the No. 14 position on maps and in the No. 52 position organically? This, to me, suggests Google is looking at the phrase "Preston SEO" as a keyword and using exact match anchor text to rank it, but is looking at the term "SEO Preston" from a local perspective. This is certainly something worth discussing. “I don't think Google have become mixed up at all — exact match DOES work... as mentioned in Bryan Dean's post here. I've witnessed it myself in the past; seeing EMDs with little valuable content and minimal (visible) inbound links, yet high ranks gained in the SERPs. It's another quality control thing. Whatever Google tell you not to do — that's the stuff that usually works and can manipulate rankings.” — Sam Hurley of Optim-Eyez Now here is someone who thinks the same as me as to the reason my site is ranking for a term unlinked to my actual location: "This case study suggests that Google uses text within a domain and/or anchor text to determine a site's location." — Brian Dean of Backlinko.com Short, sweet, and to-the-point. “I wouldn't really count this as an exact match domain as that would just be prestonseo.com (hence the exact part). But yes, they do work. Diyhomeenergy.com ranks for 'diy home energy'. Pottytrainingin3days.com ranks for potty training in 3 days. And so on... :) ” — Glen Allsopp of Viperchill.com OK, my own website may not technically be an exact match domain but, rather, a part-match domain. Well, if my PMD can secure local rankings outside its own town, then EMDss can do so much more through exact match anchor text. “A very nice case, mate! That is something that I've discussed in my "on page seo" post. I mean having keywords in your domain or URL doesn't have a direct impact on your ranking, but since many people link with a raw URL, you kind of get a pretty targeted anchor text from the words in your domain and your URL.” — Tim Soulo of Ahrefs. This is the exact point I am trying to make. “These things do happen. Google is far from perfect. The domain name definitely plays a role in it I think, but I suspect the bigger story here is how local search is screwed up big time at the moment. I've seen several occasions where businesses in other cities rank better on local searches.” — Bas van den Beld of State of Digital I do agree that I am seeing first hand that local is all messed up at the moment. I thought it was supposed to be a lot harder to get ranked outside the immediate area your business is located! “This is definitely a curiosity. I don’t know what to think since it’s a single instance — I haven’t seen anything like this previously.” — Alan Bleiweiss of AlanBleiweiss.com I, on the other hand, see this same thing on nearly a daily basis within my day job, and often it is conflicting with over 50 miles of distance from the location. "I wasn't sure if it was exact match domain that was boosting the ranking or if it was click-through rate. If your domain was Preston seo, people might click on that when searching for it because the domain name appears relevant. And we know higher CTR = higher rankings." — Larry Kim of WordStream. Larry might be on to something here. I can confirm that since I started to reach out to all these top marketing pros, my organic ranking for "Preston SEO" has now increased to position two, as seen in the screenshot below. “I discussed the future of the new gTLDs in an article here (which may be an interesting read). You are right that exact match domains still matter, but not necessarily because of matching your domain to the search query by search engines, but rather because of matching your domain to the search query by users. External links with the domain in anchor text, CTR, and related user signals play an important role and as such this may help rankings when utilizing an exact match domain. In your post your location is also close enough to the other town, while using the town keyword in the page title and matching the query more precisely in your page title unlike the competitor (Preston SEO vs. SEO ... Preston), that you become a potential relevant search result.” —Fili Wiese of SearchBrothers.com The words above come from a former Google guy. Basically, I am ranking for Preston SEO because Google has deemed I am the best fit for the user. Now that sounds good to me. Conclusion Now that you have read my little case study about my personal belief that exact match domains or even partial match domains still work very well, but maybe for less competitive terms only, I'd like to hear your thoughts on the subject. Please share in the comments below. About MarkPrestonSEO — With over 15 years' experience in SEO and digital marketing, Mark uses his skills and knowledge to help small to medium sized businesses generate more leads and sales through his work. He now promotes his personal brand through Mark Preston SEO Popular posts like this Competing for Local Queries With No Physical Premises The New Moz Local: Make Local Your Advantage! Local Empathy: The New Tool in Your Brand's Emergency Kit How Long Does Link Building Take to Influence Rankings? 18 60 Help local search engines – and new customers – find your business online. Learn More About Moz Local Comments 60 Please keep your comments TAGFEE by following the community etiquette. E-mail me when new comments are posted Sort by: Most Popular Oldest to Newest + Add Comment Joseph de Souza 2016-08-16T04:51:12-07:00 A nice read. However I have also noticed that for highly competitive terms you cannot rank on the first page of Google with just an EMD. Two years back or so, I noticed whereas goaairporttaxi.com was ranking for "Goa airport taxi" on the first page of Bing, It was no where to be seen on Google 3 0 Reply <p>A nice read.  However  I have also noticed that for highly competitive  terms  you cannot rank on the first page of Google with just an EMD.  Two years back or so,  I noticed  whereas  goaairporttaxi.com was  ranking for   "Goa airport taxi" on the first page of Bing,  It was no where  to be seen  on Google </p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T04:59:02-07:00 Hi Joseph, I do agree that ranking an EMD (ethically) for a highly competitive term would be very difficult these days. This article is more about Google ranking my site in a town that does not relate to my physical business address. This was in no means done on purpose but does prove how EMD's still work well for lower competition terms. 3 0 Reply <p>Hi Joseph, I do agree that ranking an EMD (ethically) for a highly competitive term would be very difficult these days. This article is more about Google ranking my site in a town that does not relate to my physical business address. This was in no means done on purpose but does prove how EMD's still work well for lower competition terms.</p> Submit Cancel befree22 2016-08-20T21:31:04-07:00 I've seen EMD's for SEO-related sites that are no where near page 1 for those highly competitive words. I think that regularly updating the site and quality backlinks help a lot but moneybags have more money than the rest of us. 2 0 Reply <p>I've seen EMD's for SEO-related sites that are no where near page 1 for those highly competitive words. I think that regularly updating the site and quality backlinks help a lot but moneybags have more money than the rest of us. </p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-20T23:51:00-07:00 Even with an EMD, you still need to put the hard work in if you want it to rank. You will however get an advantage because of all you exact match anchor from natural links. 2 0 Reply <p>Even with an EMD, you still need to put the hard work in if you want it to rank. You will however get an advantage because of all you exact match anchor from natural links.</p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-21T03:14:57-07:00 And have you also seen non-EMD SEO-related sites no where near page 1 too? Yes, of course :-) It's not because you have an EMD or a PMD that the job is done and you just have to wait and see your site moving upto page 1 for its KW. Whatever the domain, there are lots of efforts to put in. But the limits in terms of anchor texts are different with EMD/PMD and that's the main asset of these domains. @ Mark: the techniques or netlinking schemes don't have to respect GG's guidelines as long as the ranking is there and stays for long (at least several years). To achieve that, you must be able to reverse and/or adjust your links network in case of a big Google's algo change impacting your rankings. That's the lesson we all learned after 2012 April 25th. RaDianceConseil edited 2016-08-21T03:15:51-07:00 1 0 Reply <p>And have you also seen non-EMD SEO-related sites no where near page 1 too? Yes, of course :-) <br /><br />It's not because you have an EMD or a PMD that the job is done and you just  have to wait and see your site moving upto page 1 for its KW. Whatever the domain, there are lots of efforts to put in. But the limits in terms of anchor texts are different with EMD/PMD and that's the main asset of these domains.</p>

<p>@ Mark: the techniques or netlinking schemes don't have to respect GG's guidelines as long as the ranking is there and stays for long (at least several years). To achieve that, you must be able to reverse and/or adjust your links network in case of a big Google's algo change impacting your rankings. That's the lesson we all learned after 2012 April 25th.   <br /></p>

<p><br /></p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-21T12:06:59-07:00 It does not matter if you use an EMD or a branded domain, you still need to put a lot of work in to get them ranked. We seem to be focusing on EMD's here but the reason I posted this article was because Google was ranking my site for a location unrelated to my business location. 1 0 Reply <p>It does not matter if you use an EMD or a branded domain, you still need to put a lot of work in to get them ranked. We seem to be focusing on EMD's here but the reason I posted this article was because Google was ranking my site for a location unrelated to my business location.</p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-21T12:32:15-07:00 The thing is, with an EMD/PMD you'll still be able to get into the Top 3 for any KW (or mostly), which is simply not possible anymore with certain KWs I think (or some of them would require much much more investments). And you can get this ranking much faster. So, all things considered, they're still a very interesting option in many cases. RaDianceConseil edited 2016-08-21T12:35:15-07:00 2 0 Reply <p>The thing is, with an EMD/PMD you'll still be able to get into the Top 3 for any KW (or mostly), which is simply not possible anymore with certain KWs I think (or some of them would require much much more investments). And you can get this ranking much faster. So, all things considered, they're still a very interesting option in many cases.</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-21T12:42:50-07:00 This may be true BUT do you believe that EMD's have a lot lower CTR? My domain is my brand which just happened to get ranked for a keyword I was not even targeting. 1 0 Reply <p>This may be true BUT do you believe that EMD's have a lot lower CTR? My domain is my brand which just happened to get ranked for a keyword I was not even targeting.</p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-21T12:49:18-07:00 One can't give an absolute answer to this question cause it depends on the KW, your competitors, etc. but CTR is a factor taken into account by GG and I've never seen a site ranking for long when its CTR wasn't good. So, if our sites are ranking in the Top3 for their main KW for many years, it means their CTR is good (and the other metrics too, like how many pages do users read or how long do they stay on the site and do they visit other websites after visiting ours or not, etc.). RaDianceConseil edited 2016-08-21T12:49:32-07:00 2 0 Reply <p>One can't give an absolute answer to this question cause it depends on the KW, your competitors, etc. but CTR is a factor taken into account by GG and I've never seen a site ranking for long when its CTR wasn't good. So, if our sites are ranking in the Top3 for their main KW for many years, it means their CTR is good (and the other metrics too, like how many pages do users read or how long do they stay on the site and do they visit other websites after visiting ours or not, etc.). </p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-21T13:17:51-07:00 So you are saying that a site that is ranking well must also have a great CTR or it would not rank in the first place? 1 0 Reply <p>So you are saying that a site that is ranking well must also have a great CTR or it would not rank in the first place?</p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-21T13:21:04-07:00 Exact. 1 0 Reply <p>Exact.</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-21T13:18:01-07:00 So you are saying that a site that is ranking well must also have a great CTR or it would not rank in the first place? 1 0 Reply <p>So you are saying that a site that is ranking well must also have a great CTR or it would not rank in the first place?</p> Submit Cancel Ikkie 2016-09-30T03:55:26-07:00 Joseph, By having EMD doesn't mean that site will get rank well with competitive KW. I think it could be plus point in some cases but not all the time. 1 0 Reply <p>Joseph, By having EMD doesn't mean that site will get rank well with competitive KW. I think it could be plus point in some cases but not all the time. </p> Submit Cancel Hiren Vaghela 2016-08-16T03:39:19-07:00 Mark this is actionable case study. This is very rare kind of result we have seen, many outcomes are seems crazy here. I found your title tag have word "Preston SEO" which is exact term which easily provide strong signal to Google & same word in the domain name. Overall great insightful story. Thanks you for drop your experience here :) 3 0 Reply <p>Mark this is actionable case study. This is very rare kind of result we have seen, many outcomes are seems crazy here. I found your title tag have word "Preston SEO" which is exact term which easily provide strong signal to Google &amp; same word in the domain name. </p>

<p>Overall great insightful story. Thanks you for drop your experience here :)</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T04:11:50-07:00 Hi Hiren, Thanks. I personally believe that my site is ranking for the term 'Preston SEO' because as you say, this term is in my domain and title. All anchor link text also use this. The question comes into play when my site is ranking in the local maps pack for a town not related to my business location. 2 0 Reply <p>Hi Hiren, Thanks. I personally believe that my site is ranking for the term 'Preston SEO' because as you say, this term is in my domain and title. All anchor link text also use this. The question comes into play when my site is ranking in the local maps pack for a town not related to my business location.</p> Submit Cancel Rakeshkhushwaha 2016-08-15T23:20:47-07:00 Really a great article.. There is no doubt that Google still gives a little value to exact match domains. Exact match domains with the same of your business name are still very helpful for local business.... 3 0 Reply <p>Really a great article..</p>

<p>There is no doubt that Google still gives a little value to exact match domains. Exact match domains with the same of your business name are still very helpful for local business....</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-15T23:32:17-07:00 I think that EMD's do still work or my own site would never be ranking in a town unrelated to my physical location. 2 0 Reply <p>I think that EMD's do still work or my own site would never be ranking in a town unrelated to my physical location.</p> Submit Cancel Ikkie 2016-09-30T03:53:07-07:00 I agree with Rakesh.. Its matter eventhough many folks belives it dosen't. This is classical example of this. 3 0 Reply <p>I agree with Rakesh.. Its matter eventhough many folks belives it dosen't. This is classical example of this. </p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-20T19:49:53-07:00 Hi Mark, EMD/PMD still work, even on competitive KWs (200 K monthly requests and more in exact match), there are many examples. From a historic pov, GG has always considered your domain name usually corresponds to your brand. And no Penguin penalties can be applied if you use your domain name (and variants of it) as link anchors. These 2 reasons alone make EMD/PMD very interesting for SEO as long as you don't have more than 3 words and 2 dashes in them. Best regards, Florence. 2 0 Reply <p>Hi Mark, </p>

<p><br /></p>

<p>EMD/PMD still work, even on competitive KWs (200 K monthly requests and more in exact match), there are many examples. From a historic pov, GG has always considered your domain name usually corresponds to your brand. And no Penguin penalties can be applied if you use your domain name (and variants of it) as link anchors. These 2 reasons alone make EMD/PMD very interesting for SEO as long as you don't have more than 3 words and 2 dashes in them.</p>

<p><br /></p>

<p>Best regards, </p>

<p>Florence.</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-20T23:27:25-07:00 Do you have a couple of examples of EMD's that have ranked high using ethical techniques in competitive industries? As you can see, there are quite a few high profile names who contributed to this post, saying it would only work in low competition keywords. 1 0 Reply <p>Do you have a couple of examples of EMD's that have ranked high using ethical techniques in competitive industries? As you can see, there are quite a few high profile names who contributed to this post, saying it would only work in low competition keywords.</p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-21T03:05:56-07:00 Don't be impressed by "high profile names", most of them spend more time promoting themselves and repeating the same old things here and there in conferences than learning again and again, searching and experimenting like real experts should do. I'm targetting the French market so my examples will be in French and I'll only talk about sites we're in charge of: EMD: banques-en-ligne.fr (40~50 K searches per month for "banque en ligne" - ranking #1) PMD: mrsexe.com (1.2~1.5 M searches per month for "sexe" - ranking #2)PMD: pokerstars.fr (60~110 K searches per month for "poker" - ranking #2)These are just 3 examples, there are tons of it. Best regards, Florence. 2 0 Reply <p>Don't be impressed by "high profile names", most of them spend more time promoting themselves and repeating the same old things here and there in conferences than learning again and again, searching and experimenting like real experts should do. <br /><br />I'm targetting the French market so my examples will be in French and I'll only talk about sites we're in charge of: <br /><br />EMD: banques-en-ligne.fr (40~50 K searches per month for "banque en ligne" - ranking #1)<br />PMD: mrsexe.com (1.2~1.5 M searches per month for "sexe" - ranking #2)PMD: pokerstars.fr (60~110 K searches per month for "poker" - ranking #2)These are just 3 examples, there are tons of it. Best regards,</p>

<p>Florence.</p>

<p><br /><br /><br /></p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-21T12:17:09-07:00 Thanks for providing these examples. 1 0 Reply <p>Thanks for providing these examples.</p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-21T12:39:24-07:00 You're welcome, Mark, I'm happy when I can help. Facts and proofs are worth more than any peremptory assertions, be it from "high profile names". RaDianceConseil edited 2016-08-21T12:39:58-07:00 1 0 Reply <p>You're welcome, Mark, I'm happy when I can help. Facts and proofs are worth more than any peremptory assertions, be it from "high profile names". </p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-21T12:47:11-07:00 Without those high profile names such as Rand Fishkin, I wonder what state the world of SEO would have become. I do however test anything I read before I impmenent it on a live site - no matter where I have read the information. 1 0 Reply <p>Without those high profile names such as Rand Fishkin, I wonder what state the world of SEO would have become. I do however test anything I read before I impmenent it on a live site - no matter where I have read the information.</p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-21T12:56:36-07:00 "I wonder what state the world of SEO would have become" → One cannot tell. I tend to think that it's not always the best of us who are putting themselves under the lights. Knowledge in SEO is something so expensive to acquire, -so fragile also-, that you're not always willing to give all the keys to your competitors so they can outrank your sites. I'm even pretty sure that high profile names said the opposite of what they found, to mislead people and keep an advantage. RaDianceConseil edited 2016-08-21T12:57:01-07:00 2 0 Reply <p>"I wonder what state the world of SEO would have become" → One cannot tell. <br /><br />I tend to think that it's not always the best of us who are putting themselves under the lights. Knowledge in SEO is something so expensive to acquire, -so fragile also-, that you're not always willing to give all the keys to your competitors so they can outrank your sites. I'm even pretty sure that high profile names said the opposite of what they found, to mislead people and keep an advantage.</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-21T13:11:37-07:00 This is a subject of one of my next articles as I personally believe that inbound marketing has gone too far. Like you, I have kept my knowledge and major techniques to myself as it is this that gets my clients ranked above competition. 1 0 Reply <p>This is a subject of one of my next articles as I personally believe that inbound marketing has gone too far. Like you, I have kept my knowledge and major techniques to myself as it is this that gets my clients ranked above competition.</p> Submit Cancel RaDianceConseil 2016-08-21T13:22:54-07:00 Can you develop this point? > "I personally believe that inbound marketing has gone too far." 1 0 Reply <p>Can you develop this point? &gt; "I personally believe that inbound marketing has gone too far."</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-21T13:38:34-07:00 Sure, if I published all my knowledge and techniques on my site, I would lose my competitive edge over night. This is just one thing but I will go into more detail in my next article. 1 0 Reply <p>Sure, if I published all my knowledge and techniques on my site, I would lose my competitive edge over night. This is just one thing but I will go into more detail in my next article.</p> Submit Cancel freshvaper.com 2016-08-19T15:58:01-07:00 Cool, that does make sense and is it possible that Google's algorithm goes with the data that carries more weight in it's eye's? 2 0 Reply <p>Cool, that does make sense and is it possible that Google's algorithm goes with the data that carries more weight in it's eye's? </p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-19T21:33:34-07:00 Since posting this article, from the comments I have had both here and through my LinkedIn that brand signals may be a big part of why this scenario is happening. No matter what it is, Google are still listing me in a town unrealted to my physical business address. 1 0 Reply <p>Since posting this article, from the comments I have had both here and through my LinkedIn that brand signals may be a big part of why this scenario is happening. No matter what it is, Google are still listing me in a town unrealted to my physical business address.</p> Submit Cancel Joe Henriod 2016-08-23T16:14:50-07:00 Do exact match domains work as well when they are not .com? I'm located in Las Vegas and have been considering purchasing some exact match .vegas domains. Also I am not seeing 2 locations for your business from where I am. Have you been removed from the Preston searches or is it still working for you? Joe.H edited 2016-08-23T16:16:58-07:00 2 0 Reply <p>Do exact match domains work as well when they are not .com?</p>

<p>I'm located in Las Vegas and have been considering purchasing some exact match .vegas domains. </p>

<p>Also I am not seeing 2 locations for your business from where I am.  Have you been removed from the Preston searches or is it still working for you?</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-24T00:21:42-07:00 As far as I understand, EMD works for any extension as it is the words within the domain that counts. I can confirm that my site is still ranking for Preston SEO at No.3 on maps and No.2 organically. 1 0 Reply <p>As far as I understand, EMD works for any extension as it is the words within the domain that counts. I can confirm that my site is still ranking for Preston SEO at No.3 on maps and No.2 organically.</p> Submit Cancel Abel Pardo Fernández 2016-08-31T08:42:05-07:00 Hello Mark, Very good article. I've noticed similar cases in Spain where this kind of EMD are really the key point in a SEO strategy. Just one question: Did you try to buy an EMD with your name and your city ones for compairing? Regards, 2 0 Reply <p>Hello Mark,</p>

<p>Very good article. I've noticed similar cases in Spain where this kind of EMD are really the key point in a SEO strategy.</p>

<p>Just one question: Did you try to buy an EMD with your name and your city ones for compairing?</p>

<p>Regards,</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-31T10:25:21-07:00 Hi Abel, No I didn't as EMD's isn't a strategy I usually follow as I prefer to build brands. My result happened by pure accident so I wanted to share the results. 2 0 Reply <p>Hi Abel,</p>

<p>No I didn't as EMD's isn't a strategy I usually follow as I prefer to build brands. My result happened by pure accident so I wanted to share the results.</p> Submit Cancel seocompanyservices 2016-09-09T19:54:55-07:00 Nice well written article but... NO SH&^*& Dick Tracy! 2 0 Reply <p>Nice well written article but... NO SH&amp;^*&amp; Dick Tracy!</p> Submit Cancel gmac2456 2016-08-18T08:56:17-07:00 "...rather because of matching your domain to the search query by users." Good day, Mark. You know by now that my interpretations are going to be off the wall, right? The text I copied above holds a key, at least in the manner in which I execute my personal brand's marketing plan. To preface these comments, I'd like to ask: "Why does geography matter?" I don't live 20 miles from you...I live 2000 miles from you, and you are STILL able to serve me. Isn't a global economy becoming more the norm than the exception these days? Getting stressed out about geography is simply a carryover from the Industrial Age, just like the Yellow Pages in the phone book. You and I discussed this a few months ago. In fact, I sent you a post on the very concept summarized by the text above. My argument is that marketers are too focused on what gets attention from the strangers they are trying to turn into leads. Why else would keywords in search matter? (I'm gonna take a lot of flack for that, right?) But your insights pretty much support the argument for building relationships within communities that introduce new members to one another through personal common links/connections who share COMPLEMENTARY (not necessarily EXACT) worldviews---in other words, people they know would get along with one another. Therefore, the only process that matters is the one that simplifies the referral/introduction for the one giving it. The best way to do that is precisely, in my mind, what you have already accomplished by using your name (that happens to coincide with a local town). I welcome any comments/insights inspired by this comment. Although I'm not a professional marketer (obviously), I greatly appreciate Mark's input and have incorporated it into my own small business strategy. 2 0 Reply <p><i>"...rather because of matching your domain to the search query by users</i>."  </p>

<p>Good day, Mark.  You know by now that my interpretations are going to be off the wall, right?  The text I copied above holds a key, at least in the manner in which I execute my personal brand's marketing plan.  To preface these comments, I'd like to ask:  "Why does geography matter?"  I don't live 20 miles from you...I live 2000 miles from you, and you are STILL able to serve me.  Isn't a global economy becoming more the norm than the exception these days?  Getting stressed out about geography is simply a carryover from the Industrial Age, just like the Yellow Pages in the phone book.  </p>

<p>You and I discussed this a few months ago.  In fact, I sent you a post on the very concept summarized by the text above.  My argument is that marketers are too focused on what gets attention from the strangers they are trying to turn into leads.  Why else would keywords in search matter?  (I'm gonna take a lot of flack for that, right?)  But your insights pretty much support the argument for building relationships within communities that introduce new members to one another through personal common links/connections who share COMPLEMENTARY (not necessarily EXACT) worldviews---in other words, people they know would get along with one another.  Therefore, the only process that matters is the one that simplifies the referral/introduction for the one giving it.  The best way to do that is precisely, in my mind, what you have already accomplished by using your name (that happens to coincide with a local town).  </p>

<p>I welcome any comments/insights inspired by this comment.  Although I'm not a professional marketer (obviously), I greatly appreciate Mark's input and have incorporated it into my own small business strategy.  </p>

<p>     <br /></p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-18T11:10:36-07:00 Hi Gary, Yes, we have had multiple discussions on personal branding. In fact it was one of our discussions that led me to creating myself as the brand (markprestonseo.com). I do believe that relationship building is very strong and should be something all marketers and business owners do. As the old saying goes - People buy from people. This post however is all about the subject of local SEO as it has become a major contribution in every businesses marketing strategy that trade in their local area. This post is to show how Google still get things wrong. Until our next discussion. 1 0 Reply <p>Hi Gary, Yes, we have had multiple discussions on personal branding. In fact it was one of our discussions that led me to creating myself as the brand (markprestonseo.com). I do believe that relationship building is very strong and should be something all marketers and business owners do. As the old saying goes - People buy from people.</p>

<p>This post however is all about the subject of local SEO as it has become a major contribution in every businesses marketing strategy that trade in their local area. This post is to show how Google still get things wrong.<br /></p>

<p>Until our next discussion.</p> Submit Cancel afteronelove 2016-08-30T21:34:57-07:00 Good Job Mark 2 0 Reply <p>Good Job Mark</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-31T10:22:45-07:00 Thanks. Glad you enjoyed my post. 2 0 Reply <p>Thanks. Glad you enjoyed my post.</p> Submit Cancel Larry Kim 2016-08-17T07:19:02-07:00 good job mark! :) 2 0 Reply <p>good job mark! :)</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-17T07:21:35-07:00 Thanks Larry and great to have you contribute. 1 0 Reply <p>Thanks Larry and great to have you contribute.</p> Submit Cancel Scott Davis 2016-08-16T06:46:13-07:00 Google's brand authority is derived from Google Maps Business Name Field. You aren't seeing a benefit from a partial or exact match domain, you're seeing the reason people spam Google maps. 2 0 Reply <p>Google's brand authority is derived from Google Maps Business Name Field. You aren't seeing a benefit from a partial or exact match domain, you're seeing the reason people spam Google maps.</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T06:57:40-07:00 Hi Scott, so are you saying that Google is ranking my site in a town unrelated to my physical business location because of strong brand authority and nothing to do with exact anchor text? 2 0 Reply <p>Hi Scott, so are you saying that Google is ranking my site in a town unrelated to my physical business location because of strong brand authority and nothing to do with exact anchor text?</p> Submit Cancel Scott Davis 2016-08-16T11:25:20-07:00 Google My Business name field is anchor text... And yes, that's exactly 100% what I'm saying. Create yourself a new .com -- regardless of the domain, and update your GMB listing with that URL -- you'll see what I'm talking about. I used to beat hilton.com for their own hotel names on vanity domains that were not hilton.com -- Google's brand authority is 100% GMB name field. Yes, Google is mistaking your name with a geographical location, but that doesn't make that mistake any less relevant to ranking. That's why spammers have taken to this style of GMB fake business name map listings: "target geo + business category". http://screencast.com/t/xxC3eRgy DavisMarketing edited 2016-08-16T11:29:55-07:00 3 0 Reply <p>Google My Business name field is anchor text...  And yes, that's exactly 100% what I'm saying.  Create yourself a new .com -- regardless of the domain, and update your GMB listing with that URL -- you'll see what I'm talking about.</p>

<p>I used to beat hilton.com for their own hotel names on vanity domains that were not hilton.com -- Google's brand authority is 100% GMB name field.  Yes, Google is mistaking your name with a geographical location, but that doesn't make that mistake any less relevant to ranking.  That's why spammers have taken to this style of GMB fake business name map listings: "target geo + business category".</p>

<p>http://screencast.com/t/xxC3eRgy<br /></p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T11:34:32-07:00 Some great insight you have. Seems a little crazy that Google would let such a thing slip through the net. Maybe I should do some testing. 2 0 Reply <p>Some great insight you have. Seems a little crazy that Google would let such a thing slip through the net. Maybe I should do some testing.</p> Submit Cancel Scott Davis 2016-08-16T12:53:26-07:00 Hell... I'd rather be wrong in this case. I'm tired of reporting people spamming Google maps' name field. I've reported over 3,000 violations since February... and it's typically the same companies. 2 0 Reply <p>Hell... I'd rather be wrong in this case. I'm tired of reporting people spamming Google maps' name field. I've reported over 3,000 violations since February... and it's typically the same companies.</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T12:57:30-07:00 I know exactly how you feel. I've been performing SEO for over 15 years and yet still the spammers seem to be getting through. 2 0 Reply <p>I know exactly how you feel. I've been performing SEO for over 15 years and yet still the spammers seem to be getting through.</p> Submit Cancel Sam Hurley 2016-08-16T01:37:44-07:00 Cool post Mark! Interesting to read everybody's views on EMDs. Thanks for including mine too. I think Brian hit the nail on the head - but that alone would have made a very short article... Haha! :) 2 0 Reply <p>Cool post Mark! Interesting to read everybody's views on EMDs. Thanks for including mine too.<br /><br />I think Brian hit the nail on the head - but that alone would have made a very short article...<br /><br />Haha! :)</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T01:59:29-07:00 You're welcome Sam. Always good to get multiple opinions as not all of us SEO's think the same. 2 0 Reply <p>You're welcome Sam. Always good to get multiple opinions as not all of us SEO's think the same.</p> Submit Cancel Tim Capper 2016-08-17T01:45:40-07:00 Hey Mark Interesting to see that Wild Fig and DeepRed both have Preston address and postcode, yet are almost as far apart as you are from Preston, which could be another factor to Google including you into the local pack. DeepRed is closest to Preston itself, next is Wild Fig moving West and includes yourself in the Western arc. 2 0 Reply <p>Hey Mark</p>

<p>Interesting to see that Wild Fig and DeepRed both have Preston address and postcode, yet are almost as far apart as you are from Preston, which could be another factor to Google including you into the local pack.<br /></p>

<p>DeepRed is closest to Preston itself, next is Wild Fig moving West and includes yourself in the Western arc.</p>

<p><br /></p>

<p><br /></p>

<p><br /></p>

<p><br /></p>

<p><br /></p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-17T02:03:13-07:00 Hi Tim, My office location is very close to the border of Blackpool / Preston postcodes. It is however an FY4 (Blackpool) postcode but Google still relate my business to Preston. 1 0 Reply <p>Hi Tim, My office location is very close to the border of Blackpool / Preston postcodes. It is however an FY4 (Blackpool) postcode but Google still relate my business to Preston.</p> Submit Cancel JibbedSEO 2016-08-16T10:39:34-07:00 Dany Sullivan's comment nailed it for me. You're close enough to Preston. Still a mistake on Google's part though 2 0 Reply <p>Dany Sullivan's comment nailed it for me. You're close enough to Preston. Still a mistake on Google's part though</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T10:43:08-07:00 If that is the case then does this mean that Google think I have a stronger brand than SEO agencies that are actually located in Preston? 1 0 Reply <p>If that is the case then does this mean that Google think I have a stronger brand than SEO agencies that are actually located in Preston?</p> Submit Cancel Patrick Stox 2016-08-16T12:33:16-07:00 You're actually outside the location that Google classifies as Blackpool: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Blackpool,+UK/@53.7855959,-2.9968766,15.5z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x487b4117e942d017:0xb52db2179232c2c9!8m2!3d53.8175053!4d-3.0356748 It looks like the nearest and bigger surrounding district is that of Preston. I ran into this before in my home town with a couple companies. They wouldn't show in the maps for keyword + city even though you could find their competitors 10+ miles in pretty much every direction. That particular part of the city wasn't classified as part of the city in maps though and they would show for searches like keyword + nearby city instead. PatrickStox edited 2016-08-16T13:05:48-07:00 2 0 Reply <p>You're actually outside the location that Google classifies as Blackpool: <a href="https://www.google.com/maps/place/Blackpool,+UK/@53.7855677,-2.9968329,15.5z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x487b4117e942d017:0xb52db2179232c2c9!8m2!3d53.8175053!4d-3.0356748" rel="nofollow">https://www.google.com/maps/place/Blackpool,+UK/@53.7855959,-2.9968766,15.5z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x487b4117e942d017:0xb52db2179232c2c9!8m2!3d53.8175053!4d-3.0356748</a></p>

<p>It looks like the nearest and bigger surrounding district is that of Preston.</p>

<p>I ran into this before in my home town with a couple companies. They wouldn't show in the maps for keyword + city even though you could find their competitors 10+ miles in pretty much every direction. That particular part of the city wasn't classified as part of the city in maps though and they would show for searches like keyword + nearby city instead.<br /></p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T13:13:28-07:00 Thanks Patrick. This is very interesting and I can clearly see the outline of Blackpool. It does not make any sense though as my business postal address is clearly Blackpool with a Blackpool postcode (FY4). The Preston postcode is PR1 so even if I was outside what Google class as the boundary, Google should relate my postcode with the town of Blackpool and not Preston. Thanks again. What a totally different view on the subject. 1 0 Reply <p>Thanks Patrick. This is very interesting and I can clearly see the outline of Blackpool. It does not make any sense though as my business postal address is clearly Blackpool with a Blackpool postcode (FY4). The Preston postcode is PR1 so even if I was outside what Google class as the boundary, Google should relate my postcode with the town of Blackpool and not Preston. Thanks again. What a totally different view on the subject.</p> Submit Cancel webtematica 2016-10-18T10:30:23-07:00 I did another experiment, instead of using a Pin i have the whole city, that´s is better or worse, i rank well in the google results but im´not in the map anymore 1 0 Reply <p>I did another experiment, instead of using a Pin i have the whole city, that´s is better or worse, i rank well in the google results but im´not in the map anymore</p> Submit Cancel Shahidsher 2016-08-16T17:42:19-07:00 Great Article with Useful Information But the thing is EMD's still strugling in google rankings . 2 1 Reply <p>Great Article with Useful Information But the thing is EMD's still strugling in google rankings .</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-08-16T23:19:47-07:00 I'm not saying that you should use EMD's as a strategy to build a brand, unless your brand just happened to be related to an EMD. I do believe that these domains still work very well for less competitive phrases. As you say, EMD's are struggling in Google rankings because of low user experience and we all know that improving the UX is a daily routine for all us SEO folk. 2 0 Reply <p>I'm not saying that you should use EMD's as a strategy to build a brand, unless your brand just happened to be related to an EMD. I do believe that these domains still work very well for less competitive phrases. As you say, EMD's are struggling in Google rankings because of low user experience and we all know that improving the UX is a daily routine for all us SEO folk.</p> Submit Cancel Jeff C 2016-09-23T09:23:20-07:00 Let's forget about the other ranking factors for a minute. I think the more interesting question to try to answer is * WITH ALL OTHER RANKING FACTORS BEING EQUAL * is their an advantage (who knows how significant) to using an EMD as opposed to a pure brand domain name. Let me give you an example. Let's say you have a new office cleaning business called "Shyne" and shyne.com is available. But do you use www.shyneofficecleaners.com or shynecleaners.com instead? My gut says the three word EMD is pretty long which in my opinion dilutes any benefit from having the EMD (but maybe not!) But maybe hosting the site on shynecleaners.com instead of shyne.com represents the best strategy and DOES have real benefit (albeit maybe pretty small) since the word cleaners will potentially be in link anchor text yet the domain remains fairly short with only two words? This seems like it would be especially true if the citations for the business are listed as "Shyne Cleaners" and not just Shyne. If the company wants to list the domain shyne.com on it's business cards and other print advertising, they could and just not submit the domain to any search engines and do a 301 redirect. Trevor-Klein edited 2016-09-23T14:45:16-07:00 1 0 Reply <p>Let's forget about the other ranking factors for a minute. I think the more interesting question to try to answer is * WITH ALL OTHER RANKING FACTORS BEING EQUAL * is their an advantage (who knows how significant) to using an EMD as opposed to a pure brand domain name.  Let me give you an example.  Let's say you have a new office cleaning business called "Shyne" and shyne.com is available.  But do you use www.shyneofficecleaners.com or shynecleaners.com instead? My gut says the three word EMD is pretty long which in my opinion dilutes any benefit from having the EMD (but maybe not!) But maybe hosting the site on shynecleaners.com instead of shyne.com represents the best strategy and DOES have real benefit (albeit maybe pretty small) since the word cleaners will potentially be in link anchor text yet the domain remains fairly short with only two words? This seems like it would be especially true if the citations for the business are listed as "Shyne Cleaners" and not just Shyne. If the company wants to list the domain shyne.com on it's business cards and other print advertising, they could and just not submit the domain to any search engines and do a 301 redirect.</p> Submit Cancel Mark Preston 2016-09-23T14:14:26-07:00 I just wanted to post an update to let everyone know that due to the continued success of my site ranking in Preston, I have now moved my office to Preston to take advantage of my Surname and Location. It has worked for sure as I'm No.1 all over Google maps and No.1 for many local phrases. My site must have very strong local brand signals. Thanks for all your comments. I could say that this is now a success story. 1 0 Reply <p>I just wanted to post an update to let everyone know that due to the continued success of my site ranking in Preston, I have now moved my office to Preston to take advantage of my Surname and Location. It has worked for sure as I'm No.1 all over Google maps and No.1 for many local phrases. My site must have very strong local brand signals. Thanks for all your comments. I could say that this is now a success story.</p> Submit Cancel + Add Comment Post Analytics Visits Pageviews Avg. Time on Page Direct Traffic Search Traffic Referral Traffic N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Yikes, looks like something went wrong. Please try again later. Help local search engines – and new customers – find your business online. Learn More About Moz Local Log in to Moz Remember Me Forgot Password Log In Don't have an account? Join the Moz Community to add a comment, give something a thumbs up/down, and get enhanced access to free tools! Sign Up Contact Products API Terms & Privacy Jobs Help Copyright 2016 © Moz, Inc. All rights reserved. Back to Top SEO Tools Keyword Research SEO Audit & Crawl Backlink Research Rank Tracking SEO Toolbar Local Marketing Business Listings Audit Citation Cleanup Local Ranking Factors Local For Enterprise Marketing Resources Moz Blog Beginner’s Guide To SEO Community Q&A Workshops & Training Recommended SEO Companies
Our Picks Popular Sections Shadow Brokers, Cards Against Trump, Louisiana flood fundraisers: ICYMI Our Picks Popular Sections Republican Party's first CTO calls on Trump to fire Steve Bannon Dell Cameron — 2016-11-23 05:19 p.m. 'These beliefs have no place in the party of Lincoln.' See all Editor's Picks → Conservatives boycott Target over its 'dangerous' liberal agenda Mehak Anwar — 2016-11-23 05:34 p.m. 'Tis the season for conservative boycotts. See all Popular → Debug → Dot Esports → IRL → → Parsec → The Daily Dot Bazaar → Unclick → Upstream → → About → Jobs → Feedback → → © Daily Dot Media All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Ethics Shadow Brokers, Cards Against Trump, Louisiana flood fundraisers: ICYMI Dell Cameron — 2016-08-16 12:25 a.m. | Last updated 2016-08-16 12:25 a.m. Illustrations via Max Fleishman (Licensed) Important news you may have missed on Monday, Aug 15. Here’s some news you may have missed: Cards Against Humanity reportedly raised more than $300,000 after launching a fundraiser last week which it says will ultimately benefit Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. Co-founder Max Temkin tells the Daily Dot the company plans to start a super PAC to support the Democratic nominee. A group called Shadow Brokers, which claims to have hacked the NSA's infamous Equation Group, is allegedly auctioning off powerful stolen exploits. It’s much too early to declare this breach legitimate, but after reviewing “free files” offered up as proof by Shadow Brokers, cybersecurity experts declined to immediately dismiss the claim. Be careful what you click: A newly disclosed banking virus is being distributed directly through Google's AdSense advertising network, according to Kaspersky Lab. The malware reportedly infects devices as soon as a user visits a page displaying the infected web ad. We filed a Freedom of Information Act request on Monday seeking complaints received by the FTC about Facebook after a viral pro-meme campaign accused the company of “fraudulent content review policies and misleading community guidelines.” While we await that treasure, read more about the mass revolt stemming from Facebook’s alleged treatment of dank meme pages. The Trump campaign is clarifying remarks by former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani about terrorism in the U.S. which appeared to ignore history. A new online channel launched enabling viewers to binge on news clips of Donald Trump every second of every day. If you are a Windows 10 user experiencing freezing issues after updating to the Anniversary Edition, Microsoft has released step-by-step instructions for how to fix the problem. More than 20,000 people have been rescued from their homes in Louisiana due to historic levels of flooding. Here's a list of fundraisers aiding residents and communities affected by the disaster. Google is working on a new operating system, but no one is quite sure what for. A spokesperson for the company would only confirm the project is not related to Android or Chrome OS. The mother of a murdered toddler believes her son’s killers are now taunting her online. This barrage of harassment has left Denise Fergus and her husband fearing for their lives. Donald Trump has officially lost all chill on Twitter, writes Amrita Khalid. Although normally confrontational, the GOP nominee's most recent tweetstorms railing against the media seem particularly unhinged. Exactly. Secret ledgers recovered from the office of Ukraine's former (pro-Russian) ruling party lists $12.7 million in cash payments to Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort. —via the New York Times Read about the rise of the “Reasonable Conservative,” responsible for the “Republican-on-Republican violence” in the media —via Bryan Curtis, The Ringer The NSA targeted a peaceful pro-Democracy activist who was falsely accused of planning “an act of terrorism” by New Zealand authorities during a botched operation. —via Ryan Gallagher & Nicky Hager, the Intercept Amazing infographics show Usain Bolt, the Olympian who just won his third consecutive gold medal in the men's 100 meter dash, compared to every Olympic medalist since 1896. —via New York Times The average ISIS recruit has only the most basic knowledge of Islam, according to thousands of leaked documents reviewed by reporters. —via the Associated Press Recently claiming responsibility for last year's DCCC breach, Guccifer 2.0 has evolved from "sloppy hacktivist" to "professional leaker." —via Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai, Motherboard Rudy Giuliani, Mayor of NYC on 9/11, Omits 9/11 From Pro-Trump Terrorism Speech Read Story → Cards Against Humanity Starting Super PAC Designed to 'Drive Trump Nuts' Read Story → Google is Working on a New Operating System Called Fuchsia Read Story → Microsoft Releases Work Around for Windows 10 Anniversary Update Freezing Issue Read Story → Here's How You Can Help the Louisiana Flood Victims Read Story → James Bulger's Mother Says The Two Who Murdered Her Son Are Harassing Her Online Read Story → Shadow Brokers: Hackers Claim to have Breached NSA's Equation Group Read Story → Browsing the Web on Android Could Hand Hackers Your Credit Card Info Read Story → Trump 24/7 Lets You Watch the Donald Every Second of Every Day Read Story → Donald Trump's Frantic Tweetstorms That Everything is OK Only Raises More Alarms Read Story → Meme Pages Are Fighting Back as Facebook Cracks Down Read Story → Icymi Layer 8 Up next after the break: Promoted Stories Powered by Sharethrough Layer 8 Here's how you can help the Louisiana flood victims Southern Louisiana is expecting historic levels of flooding. Over 20,000 people have been rescued from their homes, cars have been abandoned on Interstate 12, thousands of people are seeking shelter in the Baton Rouge River Center, and at least six people have died. Donations to places like Red Cross, the Orleans Parish Sheriff’s Office, local churches, and local animal shelters are always appreciated, but various fundraisers for individual victims of the flooding have bee... From Our VICE Partners Group Pure, uncut internet. Straight to your inbox. Thanks for subscribing to our newsletter! Recommendations Donald Trump Apple vs. FBI #OscarsSoWhite 2016 Election 30 Days of Star Wars
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets close in 3 hrs 11 mins S&P 500 2,202.34 -0.60 (-0.03%) Dow 30 19,066.09 42.22 (0.22%) Google's Struggle for Cloud Significance - Part 1 GuruFocus.com August 14, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share - By Shudeep Chandrasekhar Alphabet (GOOG) (GOOGL), Google's parent company, is still riding on the power of its search engine, its network of sites and the advertising dollars that they bring. Outside of Search, Google's main successes have been Android, which is the number one operating system in the world in terms of absolute numbers, Gmail, the second most used email client and Chrome, which holds more than half of internet browser market share and Google Maps, the one map that we all depend on. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with AAPL. Click here to check it out. AAPL 15-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of AAPL Peter Lynch Chart of AAPL It's clear that even its successful products have one thing in common. Their purpose is to drive traffic to Google Search, from where Google can make its money. As a matter of fact, Google Fiber, a highly capital-intensive pet project, started with an aim to dramatically increase the speed of broadband connections and also to goad traditional carriers to increase their speeds. All of this will ultimately end up increasing our search engine usage, which is what Google wants. With Google being the number one search engine, it's understandable that the company is doing its best to keep the lead by building an ecosystem around it consisting of all the things I just described. But in the world of technology, disruption is the buzzword, and when you are company commanding a more than half-trillion dollar valuation, it's better to have multiple revenue streams flowing into the company. If you can have them coming from different segments, that's the biggest moat a business could have. Google Bets is where the company keeps trying for those moonshots, but until now nothing substantial has come out of it. The wildly hyped-up Google Glass, for example, was a spectacular failure; Google Plus didn't manage to excite the crowds; and now they also have the highly ambitious autonomous car project that have other heavyweights like Apple (AAPL) in the game. What does Google have that works? Google has two important businesses that are not designed to drive search traffic: YouTube and Google Cloud Platform. YouTube is a predictable breadwinner for Google, but the volume still isn't good enough to turn it into a standalone reporting segment. Moreover, with Facebook poised to take on video in a big way, the number one free video site has something to be worried about. From here on out Google will have to fight just to keep its YouTube ad revenues intact, let alone expect any kind of significant growth. Google Cloud, however, is a different ball game. Although the company has been sitting on cloud assets for nearly 10 years and most of it has been used up for its own needs, the company finally woke up to the reality that cloud can be a big revenue driver. Unfortunately, only late last year did it get serious about this business unit and get Diane Greene to move from the board to head up the cloud division. With her experience and connections, she's already brought in names like Home Depot (HD) to Google Cloud. But cloud is a tough nut to crack because three large entities sit at the top and are already racing towards the $10 billion annual sales mark - Amazon (AMZN), Microsoft (MSFT) and IBM (IBM). Their robust cloud capabilities have given them double-digit growth for the last eight quarters while Google is still at the $1 billion annual cloud revenue level. Do they still have a shot at a big cloud business? Google's only chance at being a significant cloud player is to quickly get above $10 billion in sales as soon as they possibly can. Not only will it be a significant portion of their $75 billion overall revenue, but it will bring them closer to the leaders of the pack. The problem is Google will need to be twice as aggressive as Amazon and twice as organized as Microsoft in order to make sure that its closing the revenue gap with these two cloud providers. It may never have the broad offering that IBM has or have an edge in enterprise the way IBM and Microsoft do, but it can certainly go for volume the way Amazon has done. The top three aren't going to let Google get an edge without a tough fight. The competition is so fierce now that Microsoft Chairman Don Thomson recently told Bloomberg that he wants Microsoft to grow its cloud unit much faster than the current rate. Microsoft Azure has been growing at three-digit rates for the last few quarters, and if their chairman is saying that's not enough, you can imagine how critical this is for them. Read More Google is caught between a rock and a hard place, figuratively speaking. So now the question is: Is there still a long enough growth runway for Google Cloud to catch up to the other three and start growing alongside them instead of way behind them? What's the potential for cloud infrastructure? IDC expects the cloud infrastructure industry to to grow at a CAGR of more than 41%. Considering the growth numbers that Amazon and Microsoft posted in the last eight quarters, the odds are extremely high that rapid growth will continue for the next several years. "Public cloud infrastructure as a service (IaaS) offerings are rapidly gaining acceptance among enterprises as a viable alternative to on-premises hardware for IT infrastructure. A recent survey of over 6,000 IT organizations found that nearly two thirds of the respondents are either already using or planning to use public cloud IaaS by the end of 2016. International Data Corporation (IDC) forecasts public cloud IaaS revenues to more than triple, from $12.6 billion in 2015 to $43.6 billion in 2020, with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 28.2% over the five-year forecast period." - IDC Gartner, another respected source, predicts that the cloud industry including infrastructure and as-as-a-service products such as Office 365 to grow from $175 billion in 2015 to $204 billion in 2016. "The market for public cloud services is continuing to demonstrate high rates of growth across all markets and Gartner expects this to continue through 2017," said Sid Nag, research director at Gartner. "This strong growth continues reflect a shift away from legacy IT services to cloud-based services, due to increased trend of organizations pursuing a digital business strategy." - Gartner But even at $200 billion, we would only be dipping our toes into this futuristic technology. Cloud adoption has exponentially grown in the last five years, but it is a very real possibility that companies that are being formed now and in the future will never need to set up their own infrastructure because they will have four big companies to choose from. Enterprises will also slowly move into public cloud as IT costs skyrocket and investors clamor for cost-savings in mission-critical tech areas. Or they could start with a hybrid cloud where they still have their own IT infrastructure but plug that into a public cloud and exploit the cost and convenience benefits. In fact, the problem is so widespread that Oracle CEO Mark Hurd recently said this: "CEOs everywhere are under intense pressure to cut expenses, including IT expenses, to boost earnings--and save their jobs." Global IT spending runs into trillions of dollars. In 2015, overall IT spending was $3.41 trillion. Though not all of that money will flow into cloud, it's easy to see how the cloud industry can potentially walk away with a lion's share of spending on data center systems (servers), software (CRM, as-a-service products) and other services. iyvCEJLsKU6aGFTNkNwi4f9ixGTQp6TloAo8mVk5More This segment's growth is far from over, but I expect the three current leaders to stay there for some more time, at least until newcomer Google gives enterprise and middle market consumers enough reason to switch over from their existing providers. But there are several problems that the company needs to overcome before it is a competitive force in this industry. In the upcoming second article of this series, I'll cover Google's challenges, opportunities, threats and weaknesses in its fight to gain cloud market share. Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. Start a free 7-day trial of Premium Membership to GuruFocus. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with AAPL. Click here to check it out. AAPL 15-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of AAPL Peter Lynch Chart of AAPL Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Thinking about buying a Google Pixel? Verizon has a killer Black Friday deal Digital Trends Google announces early Google Home Black Friday deal BGR News Exclusive: Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government - sources Reuters There's a major problem with the way America measures productivity Yahoo Finance The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Business Insider The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Deere hits all time high, Eli Lilly sinks to 2-year low, Urban Outfitters falls on miss Yahoo Finance NATO's second-largest military power is threatening a dramatic pivot to Russia and China Business Insider Xiaomi will launch a new 'product' in January CNET MP Helen Goodman Reacts to Hammond's Autumn Statement Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Dr Pepper just paid $1.7 billion for a little-known brand that's a threat to Coke and Pepsi Business Insider How to buy a new HDTV without getting ripped off Yahoo Finance JPMorgan has made an important hire from Goldman Sachs, and it hints at the future of trading Business Insider How to shop Best Buy’s members-only early Black Friday sale for free, today only BGR News Gilts Fall as U.K. Expands Debt Bloomberg Video Father of injured pipeline protester says she may lose arm mark: Paid activists would never lie. Would they? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 276 Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance American consumers seem pretty excited about Donald Trump Yahoo Finance A bizarre law could allow North Carolina lawmakers to flip the outcome of its governor election Business Insider Tyson Foods falls short, LifeLock is being acquired, Apple has a battery issue Yahoo Finance Demand for Apple’s new MacBook Pro shows no sign of slowing down BGR News U.K.'s Clark: Hammond Right to Maintain Fiscal Discipline Bloomberg Video All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance How to win at Black Friday shopping on Amazon Yahoo Finance There's something distinctive in the way Trump talks about the alt-right Business Insider The New Rules of Retirement Planning Consumer Reports Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops The Verge Snap's Spectacles rollout very popular: Liew CNBC Videos Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance NFL legend Jim Kelly's story of triumph and tragedy Yahoo Finance How Much Notice Should You Give When Quitting a Job? Credit.com This viral email from General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis about being 'too busy to read' is a must-read Business Insider Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Facebook Twitter Google RSS Cloud Mobile Social Big Data Bleeding Edge Columns Get McAfee’d Dr. Bitcoin smartworld Future Data City of Paradigm Masthead Send Us a News Tip Select Page Google moves ‘Hangouts on Air’ livestreaming platform to YouTube by Eric David | Aug 15, 2016 | 0 comments There is some bad news for the people who still use Google+ Hangouts on Air for their livestreaming needs. As of September 12, Google will be killing off Hangouts on Air … well, sort of. The livestreaming portal will continue to exist, but the actual livestreaming element will be handled entirely by YouTube live going forward. Unfortunately for users, the transition will involve more than just a few behind the scenes changes, as there are a number of existing Hangouts with Air features that will be getting left behind when Google makes the switch. Most notably, the platform’s popular Q&A feature, which allows viewers to pose questions directly to streamers, will be going away. Google notes that a similar feature is available through Google Slides, but YouTube live has no native support for it. Instead, streamers will need to create a Google Slides presentation and manually incorporate it into their broadcast to access the Q&A feature. Hangouts on Air will also be losing both its Showcase and its Applause features, and there does not seem to be any first-party option to replace these. Google’s move is yet another example of the company’s continuing shift away from Google Plus, the social network that Google had repeatedly tried to force on users by integrating it into a number of their most popular products, including Gmail and YouTube. For example, the company recently removed the requirement for a Google Plus account to be able to leave a review on the Play Store. Using Hangouts with Air after the switch While Hangouts on Air will be losing some of its existing functionality, users will still be able to stream through the platform, but the process will be a little different thanks to the transition to YouTube. Here is how to use stream with Hangouts on Air after the switch in September, according to Google’s support page: Go to Live Streaming Events in Creator Studio. Click New live event. Select Quick (using Google Hangouts On Air). Give your live stream a title. Click Go live now or enter in details to schedule your event for later. Use Hangouts to broadcast live. RELATED:  Google's DeepMind learns to lip-read better than humans Photo by Rego – d4u.hu  About Latest Posts Eric David Eric David is a staff writer for SiliconANGLE, covering the latest trends in social media and gaming. He is an avid gamer and enjoys writing about innovations in the video game industry and gaming culture in general. Eric graduated from the University of Texas at Dallas, receiving major honors for his thesis "A Culture of Heresy: Explaining the Resiliency of Catharism and the Church's Response," which is every bit as exciting as it sounds. Eric lives in Dallas, Texas with his wife, dog and gaming PC. Latest posts by Eric David (see all) Amazon dives deeper into deep learning with MXNet framework - November 22, 2016 Doppler Labs delays its augmented reality earbuds but announces new partnerships - November 22, 2016 Google Maps now tells you how busy places are in real time - November 21, 2016 Name* First Last Email* SIGN UP FOR THE SiliconANGLE NEWSLETTER!Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team. SIGN UP FOR THE SiliconANGLE NEWSLETTER!Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team. Name* First Last Email* Submit a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Top Stories Cohesity launches a cloud version of its hyperconverged storage appliance Data science: What does it mean and how is it best applied? | #CDSUSA Bringing data tools to Google's legal department | #CDSUSA Wikibon sees ARM, OpenPower, flash storage prospering in 2017 Bitcoin startup Blockchain passes 10 million wallets Cloud Mobile Social Big Data Bleeding Edge Columns CC 2008-2015 (BY-SA 4.0) SiliconANGLE Media. Share This Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Hacker News Share This Share this post with your friends! ✖ Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Comment Cancel
Toggle navigation News Featured Bob Garfield: Garfield at Large Barbara Lippert: MadBlog MediaPost Week in Review Online Spin Current Stories MediaPost Home Today's News Today's Opinions Agencies & The Agency Business MAD: MediaPost's Agency Daily Accounts in Review Events Calendar Out to Launch People on the Move MEDIApsssst Stan Mack's Real Mad MAD - London Online Media, Marketing and Advertising OMMA Today Daily Online Examiner PolicyBlog Email Marketing Daily Email Insider EU Email Marketing Daily Email Insider Europe MobileMarketingDaily MoBlog Mobile Shop Talk Mobile Insider Search Marketing Daily SearchBlog Search Insider Social Media & Marketing Daily The Social Graf Social Insider Online Media, Marketing and Advertising Real-Time Daily RTBlog RTB500 Programmatic Insider Data & Targeting Insider Video Daily VidBlog Video Critique Video Insider Publishing & Publishers Publishers Daily The Daily Blog Publishing Insider Supply Side Insider Native Insider Futures IoT Daily Connected Thinking VR/AR Insider AI Insider Media Buying/Planning/Research & The Media MediaDailyNews Audience Buying Insider Metrics Insider Research Brief TelevisionNewsDaily TVBlog TV Watch TV Everywhere Brand and Product Marketing MarketingDaily Thom Forbes: Top of the News Engage Target Market Newsletters Affluent,Boomers,Millennials, Hispanics,Men,Moms,Teens Industry Sector Newsletters Automotive,Causes,CPG, Entertainment,Green,Health, Politics,Sports,Travel Marketing Tools & Strategies Content Marketing,Cross-Channel Events Events Home 2016 Events Calendar 2017 Events Calendar Upcoming Events Email Insider Summit December 4 - 7, 2016, UT Search Insider Summit December 7 - 10, 2016, UT Marketing: Politics January 17, 2017, DC Masters of Media Selling January 18 - 19, 2017, NYC Online All Stars January 19, 2017, NY Agency of the Year January 25, 2017, NYC Creative Media Awards January 26, 2017, New York City OMMA Atlanta February 16, 2017, ATL OMMA Boston February 23, 2017, Boston Brand Marketers Summit - Cross-Channel March 7 - 10, 2017, AZ OMMA at SXSW March 11, 2017, TX Programmatic Insider Summit March 19 - 22, 2017, AZ Digital Out of Home Awards March 28, 2017, NYC Marketing: Automotive April 12, 2017, NYC Marketing Automotive Awards April 12, 2017, NYC TV Insider Summit April 23 - 26, 2017, FL Recently Concluded OMMA Denver November 17, 2016, CO TV Insider Summit October 16 - 19, 2016, Mohonk Publishing Insider Summit October 10 - 13, 2016, Austin OMMA Bots & Chat September 29, 2016, NYC OMMA Social September 29, 2016, NYC OMMA VR/AR September 28, 2016, NYC OMMA Video September 28, 2016, NYC OMMA Programmatic September 27, 2016, NYC OMMA Awards September 26, 2016, NYC OMMA at Advertising Week September, 2016, NYC Digital Out of Home Awards September 14, 2016, NYC Brand Marketers Summit - Cross-Channel August 24 - 27, 2016, Lake Tahoe More Events Appy Awards Content Marketing Insider Summit Cross-Channel Marketing Insider Summit Email Insider Summit Europe Future of Media IoT Marketing Forum IOT: Shopping IOT:Beacons Marketing Sports: Soccer in America Marketing: Health Mobile Insider Summit OMMA at Internet Week OMMA Attribution OMMA Audience Buying OMMA Chicago OMMA LA OMMA Marketing Tech OMMA mCommerce OMMA Miami OMMA Programmatic in New York OMMA Programmatic TV OMMA San Francisco Outfront Forum Social Media Insider Summit The Reckoning Video Insider Summit Awards Awards Home Online All Stars (January 19, 2017, NY) Agency of the Year (January 25, 2017, NYC) Creative Media Awards (January 26, 2017, New York City) Digital Out of Home Awards (March 28, 2017, NYC) Marketing Automotive Awards (April 12, 2017, NYC) OMMA Awards (September 26, 2016, NYC) Appy Awards (May 17, 2016, NYC) Members Become A MediaPost Member Subscribe to your choice of industry specific newsletters, save $100 on conferences, search member directories, comment on stories and more. Free to qualified media, marketing and advertising professionals. Join Now Member Resources All Member Directory Manage My Account Manage My Subscriptions More Additional Resources Feedback Loop (Comments) Job Postings Research Briefs Whitepapers Industry Events About and Contacts About MediaPost Contact Editorial Privacy/Terms Media Kit Sitemap Search Advanced Search Sign in Username Password Remember me Forgot your password? Register Now Advertise Google+ Hangouts Users Pushed To YouTube Live, Service To Be Shuttered by Laurie Sullivan@lauriesullivan, August 15, 2016, 7:46 PM Recommend (5) Google gave a warning Monday that it will move Hangouts On Air in Google+ to YouTube Live, which the company announced at VidCon earlier this year. As of Sept. 12, users will no longer have the ability to schedule events on Hangouts On Air. They will need to move existing events scheduled to happen after the cutoff date to YouTube Live. YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki announced in June that the site would make live streaming available in late summer. Hangouts On Air is used by a variety of Google employees, such as Google Webmaster trends analyst John Mueller, as well as Google+ Users.  Google provided explicit instructions on how to make the switch, schedule live broadcasts and control who can see the broadcast. The instructions also provide details on how to start a live question-and-answer session with an audience during a presentation with Google Slides. Users can present questions at any time, and people can ask questions from any device. Google's move to support live streaming on YouTube directly reflects its rivalry with Facebook, which launched its own streaming service in April. Facebook’s Live is a competitive service to Periscope, Snapchat and YouTube Live, wrote RBC Capital Markets equity analyst Mark Mahaney in a research note published in June. "Video is what it’s all about on the Internet these days," he wrote. "Facebook’s video innovations, including Live Video and 360 Video, should lead to continued user growth and engagement on the platform; current viewing averages 8B videos per day." Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced the feature at the F8 developer conference earlier this year. The features on Facebook and YouTube allow anyone with an account to start streaming a live event. In Facebook, the live stream appears on the person's newsfeed and shared with friends. Similar to YouTube, Facebook has an option to limit the visibility to members of certain groups and events.  31 SHARES Tags: facebook, google, google+, live streaming, online video, search, streaming, video, youtube Recommend (5) Print RSS All content published by MediaPost is determined by our editors 100% in the interest of our readers ... independent of advertising, sponsorships or other considerations. Leave a Comment More Top Stories Ad Volume Continues To Expand, Reaches Highest October Ever Joe Mandese The Flailing Donald Trump Joe Mandese, 0 Ad Awareness Down Sharply Heading Into Holidays Sarah Mahoney Finding Little To Cheer About, Dentsu Cancels Holiday Party Steve McClellan AT&T Defends DirecTV Zero-Rating Wendy Davis Ahead Of The Pack, Patagonia Goes All In For Planet Sarah Mahoney 17 Agencies Form Diversity Network Larissa Faw Who Is Your Favorite TV Character? Adam Buckman, 2 Indie Networks' Ad Share Grows, Cable Does Best Wayne Friedman‹› Subscribe to Video Daily More from Online Video Daily Google Warns Advertisers Of Deadline To HTML5 For Video Ads Adobe Gives Content Creators Data On How Videos Perform CW's Seed Will Showcase 'Tough Mudder' AI, Advertising's Next Big Step In Personalizing Branded Videos Faster Than Expected, EMarketer Says Digital Ad Spend Beats TV By End Of Year Twitter Follows YouTube's Rev Share Deal With Video Creators, Will Split Ad Dollars Today's Most Read Stories Is The Programmatic Pendulum Swinging Back Toward Storytelling? AT&T, Dish And WPP Group Take Joint Ownership Of Invidi NBCU Invests $200M In 'BuzzFeed' To Up Ad Sales, Video Trump Unleashes On The 'NYT' - Again Trump's Win: Ad Agencies Must Address Middle America Archive November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 All Archives > May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 About MediaPost MediaKit Contact Editorial RSS Feeds Sitemap Privacy/Terms & Conditions ©2016 MediaPost Communications. All rights reserved. 1460 Broadway, New York, NY 10036 tel. 212-204-2000, fax 917-591-3261, feedback@mediapost.com   Google+
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo Unlock your Android without password Posted August 15, 2016 11:26 pm by admin Comments Anna Okon Android normally secures your device by demanding a PIN, pattern, or full password. Your phone isn’t useless if you forget the unlock code. According to http://www.howtogeek.com, you can bypass it and get back in as long as you remember your Google account’s username and its password. Android 4.4 and below Older versions of Android — Android 4.4 KitKat and older — have an integrated way to bypass your pattern, PIN, or other password if you forget it. Google removed this feature in Android 5.0 Lollipop, so you’ll have to use a different method if you have a device with a newer version of Android. To find this feature,  first enter an incorrect pattern or PIN five times at the lock screen. “Forgot pattern,” “forgot PIN,” or “forgot password” button will appear. Tap it. You’ll be prompted to enter the username and password of the Google account associated with your Android device. Android 5.0 and up This feature was removed in Android 5.0. Unfortunately, this means there’s no built-in way to simply reset your pattern, PIN, or password and gain access to your phone or tablet. Android’s Smart Lock feature may be able to save you. For example, let’s say you’ve set up Smart Lock on your Android phone and have it automatically logged in when it’s on your home Wi-Fi. You can take your phone to that home Wi-FI network and it will automatically unlock for you, even if you can’t remember the normal unlock code. Also on Samsung devices, if you’ve logged into the device with a Samsung account, you can go to the Samsung Find My Mobile website, log in with the same Samsung account, and use the “Unlock my screen” option to remotely remove your device’s lock screen. If you’ve already unlocked your bootloader and installed a custom recovery, you may be able to use that environment to remove the code. Factory-reset your Android smartphone or tablet If you were unable to reset the device using one of the tricks above, you will have to perform a factory reset, wiping the device’s storage, and setting it up again from scratch. If your device has a removable SD card, remove the SD card before performing the factory reset.   Shut down your Android device, remove the SD card, and then continue. Use Google Android Device Manager If your device is Google’s Android Device Manager enabled, you can visit the Android Device Manager website and log in with the same Google account you use on that Android device. Select the device you’re locked out of and select “Erase” to remotely erase it. You’ll be able to set it up from scratch afterwards — the lock code will be removed, but the device will also be wiped. Note that the “Lock” option in Android Device Manager will only allow you to set a new lock code if your phone or tablet doesn’t already have an unlock code; so it can’t be used to remove an existing lock code. If you’ve enabled another remote phone or tablet-tracking service, you can probably use its website to remotely wipe your device, too. If you haven’t enabled Google’s Android Device Manager on your phone or tablet, you can still factory-reset your phone or tablet even if you can’t unlock it. To do this, you’ll need to boot into your device’s system recovery menu and wipe it from there.  Turn the device off and turn it on while holding the correct buttons. For example, on the Nexus 4, press and hold the Volume Down and Power buttons at the same time. On the Nexus 5, press and hold the Volume Down, Volume Up, and Power buttons at the same time. Use the recovery menu to wipe the device. On devices running Android 5.1, enter the username and password of the Google account that was previously associated with the device after doing this. This prevents someone else from resetting and using your device. However, you won’t need the old unlock code to regain use of your hardware. Gadget Clinic Please how can I block my stolen BlackBerry phone?— 2348060***52 You can track and block it by using a tracking device such as BlackBerry Protect or SmrtGuard. But if you did not install this on your phone, it will be difficult to trace the phone to its current location. As long as the phone is on and your SIM card has not been removed, blocked or disabled by your mobile provider, BlackBerry Protect can pinpoint the last known location of your device.  It can also remotely perform a back-up of the data and wipe the device if there was no password on it. Which code can I use to flash Omatek phone model EM819 serial EM8191406W000634?-2347081***58 Flashing a device requires no code. If you need to reset your device, it requires a preset code that is, a code that you set, most likely your security code. I use a Nokia CI. The up/down, left/right key button has come off and I use items like keys and biros to touch the spot where the buttons were supposed to be.  Now it functions even when I don’t touch it. What can I do?—2348082***85  I suspect water damage. Visit an engineer to check and fix. Also go along with a new case, so you can have your missing buttons back. I mistakenly touched ‘format’ in my phone and my images, my video and sound have been removed.  How can I retrieve them?—23480612***46  Once formatted, data is not recoverable. It doesn’t store it in the memory card. Answers courtesy of Mume Conscience, CF Auto-Root expert, Ile-Ife.  2348102407459. Copyright PUNCH.        All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: editor@punchng.com   The post Unlock your Android without password appeared first on Punch Newspapers. Punch Newspapers What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: Blackberry Launches Hub+ For Android BlackBerry has announced the launch of a software licensing program for its Mobility Solutions business by introducing the BlackBerry Hub+... 5 Must-Know Tips to Free up Space on Your Android Device 5 Must-Know Tips to Free up Space on Your Android Device Today’s Android smartphones have both inbuilt phone memories which... Top android apps for recording phone calls android call recording apps allow users to record their incoming and outgoing calls. Many of the smartphone manufacturers include a... Six things to do with new Android tablets Ozioma Ubabukoh Before you begin to use your Android-based tablet device, do the following six things: Optimise your tablet for... “3 Important Things You Must Do Before Selling Your Android Device” There is no-much-big-deal with selling something you don’t need again. And of course, there is no-much-big-deal with selling your Android... Tecno tablet division unveils Droipad device Ozioma Ubabukoh Tecno has consolidated its push for the top spot in Nigerian tablet and mini Personal Computers market with... What Was Your First Android Smartphone? I was a little late to the android party. I took the plunge mid 2013 during my undergraduate days. BlackBerry... Google brings Android One program to Nigeria, five African countries With data offering from the mobile phone operator, MTN Google in partnership with equipment manufacturer Infinix, and online retailer Jumia,... Creative ways to use selfie sticks Anna Okon A selfie stick is a monopod used to take selfie photographs by positioning a smartphone or camera beyond... EU charges Google with abusing Android market dominance The European Union charged Google on Wednesday with abusing the dominant position of its Android mobile operating system that could... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest News   PoliticsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Diaspora   JobsNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9ja   Surebet247TV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting Nairabet.com Bet9ja.com Surebet247.com 1960bet.com Merrybet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG (YOruba HAusa IGbo) 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria.
null
Skip to content The Map Room A weblog about maps Menu About Contact FAQ Privacy Reviewing Guidelines Submit a Link Archives Earlier Posts (2011–15) Categories (2004–11) Extras Fantasy Maps Recent Posts Short Stories Nonfiction Map Books of 2016 Publications Reviews Book Reviews Older Book Reviews Product Reviews Reviewing Guidelines Subscribe Email Digest Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Support Google, Palestine, and the Unbiased Map As the Disputed Territories site, which catalogues how Google manages various contested borders, points out, “Google’s maps of disputed territories differ depending on who’s looking at them.” As we’ve seen recently with regard to Crimea, that doesn’t always keep Google out of trouble. An online petition asking Google to label Palestine on Google Maps has garnered more than 300,000 signatures since March. The petitioners accuse Google of removing Palestine at Israel’s insistence; but, as the Guardian reports, “the truth is, it was never labelled by Google in the first place.” (The West Bank and Gaza Strip had their labels removed by a bug; Google’s restoring them.) In a follow-up piece for the Guardian, Leigh Alexander writes: The swiftness of the backlash, though, is not just about the wish for justice on behalf of an occupied people, but about the belief—now punctured—that our technology is neutral, that it presents an unbiased, infallible version of the world. […] While it might seem imperialistic for Google to decide how the US should see the rest of the world, perhaps it would be equally troubling to see the company wade into global verdicts on the righteousness of every international occupation. That it allows its sketch of the geopolitical climate to reflect the perspective of who is viewing it, rather than impose the prevailing popular opinion in the west, may not be neutral or unbiased, but it is probably the most fair. Previously: Slate on the New Look of Google Maps; The Universal Map. Share this: Email Facebook Google Tumblr Twitter Like this: Like Loading... Related Author: Jonathan Crowe I blog about maps at The Map Room, review books for AE: The Canadian Science Fiction Review, and edit a fanzine called Ecdysis. View all posts by Jonathan Crowe Author Jonathan CrowePosted on 15 August 201624 August 2016Format LinkCategories Censorship, Map ErrorsTags border disputes, Google Maps, Israel, Palestine Post navigation Previous Previous post: Mapping the Rio Olympics Next Next post: In Defence of the Mercator Projection Monthly Archives Monthly Archives Select Month November 2016  (45) October 2016  (49) September 2016  (33) August 2016  (55) July 2016  (28) June 2016  (55) May 2016  (48) April 2016  (64) March 2016  (68) February 2016  (72) January 2016  (92) CategoriesCategories Select Category Antique Maps  (120) Art  (46) Astronomy  (26) Aviation  (2) Blogs  (3) Book Reviews  (3) Cartography  (55) Censorship  (5) Conferences  (12) Conflicts  (10) Crime  (4) Economics  (1) Education  (7) Environment  (4) Events  (14) Games  (3) Geography  (4) Geology  (11) GIS  (13) GPS  (12) Health  (7) History  (37) Housekeeping  (14) Human Geography  (4) Imaginary Maps  (8) Industry  (30) Linguistics  (5) Map Collecting  (1) Map Errors  (17) Mapping the Personal  (3) Maps and Literature  (30) Memorabilia  (6) Mobile  (18) Movies and Television  (3) National Maps  (2) Nautical  (1) Obituaries  (1) Oceans  (9) Politics  (37) Postal  (1) Product Reviews  (2) Sport & Recreation  (7) Surveying  (5) Toponyms  (4) Tourist Maps  (1) Transit  (24) Travel  (4) Uncategorised  (5) Unusual Maps  (19) Weather and Climate  (21) Web Mapping  (56) Wildlife  (4) World Atlases  (2) Recent Posts Mapping Ineligible Voters 21 November 2016 Where the Animals Go 21 November 2016 3D Election Maps 20 November 2016 Downloading County-Level Election Results 20 November 2016 Globemaking Films 20 November 2016 Migrations in Motion 20 November 2016 The New York Times Maps the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election 16 November 2016 The Economist’s County-by-County Election Map 16 November 2016 U.S. Presidential Election Cartogram 16 November 2016 Cartography at the CIA 16 November 2016 About The Map Room The Map Room is a blog about maps by Jonathan Crowe that covers everything from antique map collecting to the latest in geospatial technology. It returned in January 2016 after a 4½-year hiatus. More about The Map Room. Search for: Search Support The Map Room Your support helps keep The Map Room going! You can buy me a coffee ($2) or contribute to my hosting costs ($10). About Contact FAQ Privacy Reviewing Guidelines Submit a Link Archives Earlier Posts (2011–15) Categories (2004–11) Extras Fantasy Maps Recent Posts Short Stories Nonfiction Map Books of 2016 Publications Reviews Book Reviews Older Book Reviews Product Reviews Reviewing Guidelines Subscribe Email Digest Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Support The Map Room Proudly powered by WordPress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Weekly Digest About JSTOR Daily Contact Us Arts & Culture Friday Reads: Margaret Atwood Is Audio Really the Future of the Book? Navigating Traumatic Events Online Language & Literature Art & Art History Film & Media Performing Arts Business & Economics Nineteenth-Century Clickbait A Brief History of the Credit Card The Social Responsibility of American Industrialists Politics & History The Most Contentious Presidential Transition in American History How Early Feminist Writer Margaret Fuller’s Memoirs Were Rewritten Does Street Protest Matter? Science & Technology The Unexpected Problem With Wind Power Are GM Crops Worth It? The Problem With Nuclear Fusion Education & Society Thanksgiving Is a Feast of Things Forgotten Bringing Ancient Meals to Life Should the Government Pay for a Classical University Education? Matt Langione Long Reads, Science & Technology, Technology August 10, 2016 Will Reading Romance Novels Make Artificial Intelligence More Human? Google recently began feeding its AI romance novels to make it more conversational. This past spring, Google began feeding its natural language algorithm thousands of romance novels in an effort to humanize its “conversational tone.” The move did so much to fire the collective comic imagination that the ensuing hilarity muffled any serious commentary on its symbolic importance. The jokes, as they say, practically wrote themselves. But, after several decades devoted to task-specific “smart” technologies (GPS, search engine optimization, data mining), Google’s decision points to a recovered interest among the titans of technology in a fully anthropic “general” intelligence, the kind dramatized in recent films such as Her (2013) and Ex Machina (2015). Amusing though it may be, the appeal to romance novels suggests that Silicon Valley is daring to dream big once again. The desire to automate solutions to human problems, from locomotion (the wheel) to mnemonics (the stylus), is as old as society itself. Aristotle, for example, sought to describe the mysteries of human cognition so precisely that it could be codified as a set of syllogisms, or building blocks of knowledge, bound together by algorithms to form the high-level insights and judgments that we ordinarily associate with intelligence. Leibniz’s “Characteristica Universalis,” the basis for his calculus ratiocinator (via Internet Archive). Two millennia later, the German polymath Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz dreamed of a machine called the calculus ratiocinator that would be programmed according to these syllogisms in the hope that, thereafter, all of the remaining problems in philosophy could be resolved with a turn of the crank. But there is more to intelligence than logic. Logic, after all, can only operate on already categorized signs and symbols. Even if we very generously grant that we are, as Descartes claimed in 1637, essentially thinking machines divided into body and mind, and even if we grant that the mind is a tabula rasa, as Locke argued a half-century later, the question remains: How do categories and content—the basic tools and materials of logic—come to mind in the first place? How, in other words, do humans comprehend and act upon the novel and the unknown? Such questions demand a fully contoured account of the brain—how it responds to its environment, how it makes connections, and how it encodes memories. * * * The American pioneers of artificial intelligence did not regard AI as an exclusively logical or mathematical problem. It was an interdisciplinary affair from the opening gun. The neuroscientist Karl Lashley, for example, contributed a paper at an early AI symposium that prompted one respondent to thank him for “plac[ing] rigorous limitations upon the free flight of our fancy in designing models of the nervous system, for no model of the nervous system can be true unless it incorporates the properties here described for the real nervous system.” The respondent, as it happens, was a zoologist; the fanciful models to which he was referring were “neural networks” or “neural nets,” an imaginative sally of two midcentury American mathematicians, Warren McCulloch and Walter Pitts. Neural networks were then popularized in 1949, when the Canadian psychologist Donald Hebb used them to produce a theoretical construction of how learning functions in the brain. But if neural nets were the original love child of neuroscience and artificial intelligence, they seemed, for quite some time, destined to be a stillborn. Neuroscience quickly and thoroughly exposed the difficulties of creating a model of an organism that, with its 100 billion neurons, was far more complex than anything McCulloch and Pitts could have imagined. Discouraged, programmers began to wonder if they might get on without one. Alan Turing’s “imitation game” reveals a romantic strand in the genealogy of midcentury artificial intelligence. The effort to achieve a fully general intelligence while sidestepping the inconveniences of neurobiology found its first and most enduring expression in a 1950 paper by the British mathematician Alan Turing. Turing laid out the rules for a test that requires a human interrogator to converse, by text message, with two or more interlocutors—some human, some machine. According to the rules, the machine is deemed artificially intelligent only if it is indistinguishable from its human peers. The mainstreaming of this “imitation game” as a standard threshold test, whereby the explicit goal is really humanness rather than intelligence, reveals a romantic strand in the genealogy of midcentury artificial intelligence. Dating at least as far back as the Sanhedrin tractate of the Talmud (2nd century)—in which Adam was conceived from mud as a golem—the ultimate triumph, by the light of this tradition, is to assume Godlike power by animating an object with the uniquely human capacity to feel, to know, and to love. Thus, the popular adoption of the Turing test betrays in the early pioneers of artificial intelligence the shadowy presence of some of the same fancies that moved Victor Frankenstein. But if there was a latent romanticism in the field of artificial intelligence, it did not survive the 1980s, a period informally termed the “AI winter.” The ’80s brought not only diminished funding, but also a series of crippling attacks on the field’s basic theoretical conceits. In 1980, the philosopher John Searle argued that the ability of computers to perform intelligent behaviors—his example was reading Chinese—is not a proxy for how human intelligence works because the underlying architecture is so different. A stream of water, for example, always finds the most efficient and expeditious path down the side of a mountain. But to call this behavior an example of intelligence is to depart from the basic meaning of the term. Intelligence, at its roots, means to choose (legere) between (inter) a pair or set of options. Water does not choose anything, since choosing requires something more than the lawful interaction of brute physical particles—it requires consciousness. And even when they are navigating us around the far-flung cities of the world, finding us dinner dates, and beating us at AlphaGo, there is no serious suggestion that these “intelligent” machines are conscious. Instead they aspire, at best, to what Searle termed “weak AI” (in contrast to “strong AI”). The former is marked by the comparative logic of simile—the computer is like a mind; the latter is marked by the constitutive logic of metaphor—the computer is a mind. Turing, with his typically behaviorist aversion to the interior of the skull, had hoped that “strong AI” could be realized without the burden of brain-likeness, that the machine’s behaviors would be sufficient. But the exigencies of the AI winter industrialized the field, clearing it of even the weakest anthropic goals that had been sustained by academics like Turing. In the void, incremental, task-specific advances, many based on the triumph of what are often called “neat” or algorithmic approaches to artificial intelligence, quickly proliferated. At least in the short term, this has been for the better. Surely we would not want our calculators to “choose between” various alternatives in the same way we do, which is to say slowly and with a high rate of error. But we have, in nearly all technologies, from the calculator to the chess-champion computer, made the trade that Turing was unwilling to make: We have exchanged humanness for intelligence. Little surprise, then, that these technologies are ill-equipped to handle many stubbornly human tasks and activities, like putting a patient at ease, interpreting the final stanza of The Waste Land, or teaching someone to ski. For all of its practical and philosophical flaws, there may be something to be said for Turing’s “imitation game” as an index of progress in artificial intelligence. There are, after all, many existing and conceivable technologies for which humanness is, if not all that matters, certainly what matters most. * * * This seems to be the conclusion that Andrew Dai and Oriol Vinyals, the researchers behind Google’s romance novel gambit, have reached. Dai told BuzzFeed News in May that the project was initiated in the hope that the “very factual” responses of the Google app can become “more conversational, or can have a more varied tone, or style, or register.” Then, for example, Google’s automated email reply feature, Smart Reply, could be trusted to carry on a greater share of a user’s correspondence as he plays in the backyard with the kids. Dai and Vinyals are hoping, in other words, that it can become a fully functional Turing machine, writing emails and messages in an increasingly human voice. But if the plan succeeds, it would have to do so on the strength of the very “neural network” approach that Turing hoped he could do without. In the last quarter-century, computing power increased by a factor of approximately 1 million. Neural networks have enjoyed an astonishing renaissance in the past several years, in large part due to the resolution of hardware problems—above all, the lack of computing power—that brought the approach to a standstill in the 1960s. In the last quarter-century, computing power increased by a factor of approximately 1 million, a much-needed boost in the face of the sobering fact that the human brain contains well over 100 trillion synaptic connections. Recently, computer scientists have been inching ever closer to the mark. In 2012, Google developed a network of 1.7 billion parameters. Only a year later, Stanford reached 11.2 billion. And in 2015, after Lawrence Livermore reached 15 billion parameters, a private cognitive computing firm, Digital Reasoning, registered a more than tenfold increase to 160 billion parameters. At this rate, 100 trillion is all but in the maw. So if we have the romance novels, and we will soon have the computing power, what is there left to do? According to the Oxford philosopher Nick Bostrom, not all that much (beyond trembling in anticipation of the apocalypse). The surprising commercial success of his book Superintelligence (2014) registers a shift in discourse about AI. Instead of asking questions about whether human intelligence is replicable, Bostrom is asking whether our intelligence will survive the inevitable (and, for Bostrom, hostile) takeover of machine intelligence. Bostrom’s existential paranoia is rooted in the belief that, at some point in the future, AI will accomplish Turing’s goal of exhibiting behaviors characteristic of “general” intelligence, and that it will do so by rising to the architectural challenge of what Searle calls “strong AI.” Combining machine architectures (expert in calculation) with human architectures (expert in consciousness), artificial intelligence will become a superintelligence that sees human wastefulness as a threat to its survival. Still, for all its doom and gloom, one suspects that the stunning popularity of Bostrom’s book is as much a product of its implicit optimism about artificial intelligence’s projected technical achievements as of its explicit pessimism about AI’s tragic social consequences. * * * All the while there is, in the tissue of these enthusiasms, a potentially terminal cancer: the lurking fact that artificial neural networks are not much like biological neural networks at all. No amount of computing power can compensate for the fact that synapses simply don’t function in the way that Digital Reasoning’s “parameters” do. Nor can it surmount the even more damaging fact that little is known about how neurons “code” information. Neural nets, by and large, attempt to replicate the categorizing work of human cognition by various statistical methods—above all, backpropagation—that have no corollary in the human brain. Even when one component of Searle’s architectural challenge is solved—when, in other words, the yawning gulf in computing power between the human brain and the computer is bridged—there remains a second, much more unwieldy problem of discovering how categories of thought emerge from the patterning of neurons in the first place. But there is some cause for optimism: A hurdle on the field of neuroimaging is on the brink of being cleared. The two most popular methods of measuring functional brain activity—functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and electroencephalography (EEG)—have complementary shortcomings. fMRI imaging offers excellent spatial but poor temporal resolution. It depicts the where but not the when of synaptic transmission. EEG does just the opposite. And the two methods cannot be combined in real time (without a grisly scene) because EEG places metal electrodes on the skull, while fMRI places the skull into a giant magnet. The cause for optimism rests in another method altogether: the burgeoning field of optogenetics, in which neurons are modified to produce light-sensitive ion channels, so that living tissue can be measured using chemical sensors. Named by the journal Science as one of the “Breakthroughs of the Decade” in 2010, optogenetics is still too invasive for use in humans. But on arrival it promises to deliver the spatiotemporal resolution necessary to discover how neurons form the seemingly inscrutable patterns that convert brute environmental stimuli into the sublime informatics of thought. Thus the paradigm shift promising to thrust artificial intelligence into overdrive may still be down the road a piece. It is certainly further toward the horizon than one might suppose from the remarks made by Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, and other industry mavens at Code Conference 2016. In fact, given that the final frontier in artificial intelligence calls for some form of consciousness, when it comes, it will almost certainly issue not from the source code of a programmer, but from the lab of a neuroscientist. Then, if romance novels play a role, it will be to ensure, as a true test of intelligence, that they are read not with indifference, but with delight or disdain. JSTOR Citations The Logical Work of Leibniz By: Philip E. B. Jourdain The Monist, Vol. 26, No. 4 (1916), pp. 504-523 Oxford University Press The Statistical Organization of Nervous Activity By: Warren S. McCulloch and Walter Pitts Biometrics, Vol. 4, No. 2 (1948), pp. 91-99 International Biometric Society Much Ado about Not Very Much By: Hilary Putnam Daedalus, Vol. 117, No. 1, Artificial Intelligence (1988), pp. 269-281 The MIT Press on behalf of American Academy of Arts & Sciences Robots: Machines or Artificially Created Life? By: Hilary Putnam The Journal of Philosophy, Vol. 61, No. 21, American Philosophical Association Eastern Division Sixty-First Annual Meeting (Nov. 12, 1964), pp. 668-691 Journal of Philosophy, Inc. Is the Brain a Digital Computer? By: John R. Searle Proceedings and Addresses of the American Philosophical Association, Vol. 64, No. 3 (990), pp. 21-37 American Philosophical Association Computing Machinery and Intelligence By: A. M. Turing Mind, Vol. 59, No. 236 (1950), pp. 433-460 Oxford University Press on behalf of the Mind Association Aristotle's Posterior Analytics: I. Demonstration By: John Watson The Philosophical Review, Vol. 13, No. 1 (1904), pp. 1-15 Duke University Press on behalf of Philosophical Review Optogenetics By: Sarah C. P. Williams and Karl Deisseroth Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, Vol. 110, No. 41 (2013), p. 16287 National Academy of Sciences Alan Turingartificial intelligenceBiometricsDaedalusGooglelinguisticsMatt LangioneMindProceedings and Addresses of the American Philosophical AssociationProceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of AmericaThe Journal of PhilosophyThe MonistThe Philosophical Review Matt Langione Langione recently completed his Ph.D. at the University of California, Berkeley, where his dissertation, "Felt Thought: Neuroscience, Modernism and the Intelligence of Poetry," called on cognitive neuroscience, philosophy, and the history of science and technology in order to establish what exactly is going on in the brain as we read literature and why it might prove valuable both to the individual and to society. He has previously studied literature (Cambridge) and neuroscience (Penn), and his research has been cited in The Atlantic and on NPR. Previous article The Linguistics of Other People’s Pants (and Other Dishonorific Epithets) Next article Women’s Fight For Scientific Fieldwork You may also like November 22, 2016 Thanksgiving Is a Feast of Things Forgotten November 16, 2016 Is Audio Really the Future of the Book? November 9, 2016 How The Baby-Sitters Club Reflected Our Dreams of Safety November 2, 2016 Why James Baldwin’s The Fire Next Time Still Matters October 26, 2016 The Surprising Historical Significance of Fortune-Telling October 19, 2016 Student Writing in the Digital Age Comments are closed. Weekly Digest Our latest stories sent to your inbox. A smart, historical take on the news. Free access to relevant JSTOR content. Name* First Last Email Address* Country* United States of America (USA)AfghanistanÅlandAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAscension IslandAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBasque CountryBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaireBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBritish Virgin IslandsBruneiBulgariaBurkina FasoBurma (officially: Myanmar)BurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCataloniaCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChina, People's Republic ofChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongo, Democratic Republic of the (Congo-Kinshasa)Congo, Republic of the (Congo-Brazzaville)Cook IslandsCosta RicaCôte d’Ivoire (Ivory Coast)CroatiaCubaCuraçaoCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast Timor (Timor-Leste)EcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaEuropean UnionFalkland IslandsFaeroe IslandsFederated States of MicronesiaFijiFinlandFranceFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern and Antarctic LandsGabon (officially: Gabonese Republic)GaliciaGambiaGaza Strip (Gaza)GeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and McDonald IslandsVatican CityHondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacauMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth CyprusNorth KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairn IslandsPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRussiaRwandaR?union IslandSabaSaint Barth?lemySaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Martin (officially the Collectivity of Saint Martin)Saint-Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSão Tomé and PríncipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint EustatiusSint MaartenSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSomalilandSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan Mayen IslandsSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimorTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad & TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab Emirates (UAE)United Kingdom (UK)Great Britain (GB)Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da CunhaUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUnited States Virgin IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaVietnamWallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabweUnited States of America (USA)United States of America (USA) Read our privacy policy here ADVERTISEMENT Featured Posts Thanksgiving Is a Feast of Things Forgotten How Early Feminist Writer Margaret Fuller’s Memoirs Were Rewritten How Benjamin Franklin’s Almanac Appealed to the Common Man Take a Quick Survey We'd love to know a little more about our readers, so we can make sure we're giving you the kind of content you want. Take a short survey and help us improve the site. Read This Next The psychological origins of procrastination—and how we can stop putting things off “I love deadlines,” English author Douglas Adams once wrote. “I love the whooshing noise they… Recent Posts Thanksgiving Is a Feast of Things Forgotten The Most Contentious Presidential Transition in American History Suggested Readings: Climate Change Now, Wyoming’s Power, and Fighting Zika How Early Feminist Writer Margaret Fuller’s Memoirs Were Rewritten Does Street Protest Matter? About JSTOR Daily JSTOR Daily provides insight, commentary, and analysis of ideas, research, and current events, tapping into the rich library of scholarship on JSTOR. Read more... CONTACT US MASTHEAD SUBMISSION GUIDELINES WEEKLY DIGEST ADVERTISE WITH US   ©2016 ITHAKA. All Rights Reserved. JSTOR is part of ITHAKA, a not-for-profit organization helping the academic community use digital technologies to preserve the scholarly record and to advance research and teaching in sustainable ways. JSTOR®, the JSTOR logo, and ITHAKA® are registered trademarks of ITHAKA. Terms and Conditions
null
null
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google is ditching ‘Hangouts On Air’ in favor of YouTube Live by Nate Swanner — in Apps 1,339 shares Google Plus continues to be deprecated across Google properties. This time, the company is discontinuing its ‘Hangouts On Air’ feature in favor of YouTube Live. Starting September 12, those who want to start live broadcasts will need to use YouTube Live. Google says it’s a hard deadline, too: Events cannot be scheduled on Google+ after September 12 and you will need to move existing events scheduled to happen after September 12 to YouTube Live. TNW Answers Your questions answered by founders, experts and thought leaders in business, design and tech. Join a chat Hangouts On Air features Q&A, Showcase and Applause will not be making the jump to youTube. Instead, Google is encouraging broadcasters to use Google Slides for Q&A, and social media to gather questions ahead of the event. Recorded Hangouts On Air events will still be available on YouTube. Hangouts video chat is not going away; Google is simply limiting it to interpersonal and team meetings. YouTube makes a bit more sense for broadcasting yourself to the world — and was already the storage container for recorded Hangouts On Air — but it’s clear the downturn of Plus didn’t end with Photos after Google announced it was repositioning Plus at last year’s I/O conference. Via VentureBeat Hangouts On Air moving from Google+ to YouTube Live on YouTube Read next: Striking out on Tinder? Use more GIFs AppsGoogleYouTube Share on Facebook (337) Share on Twitter (550) Nate Swanner is a reporter from Portland, OR, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on nate@thenextweb.com or @NateSwanner on Twitter. TNW's West Coast writer in the PNW (Portland, Oregon). Nate loves amplifying developers, and codes in Swift when he's not writing. If you need to get in touch, Twitter or email are your best bets. Contact Mail Tweet Location Portland, OR, US Posts 1654 Posts / mo. 89.38   All posts by Nate > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure These omnidirectional conveyor belts are a total trip Juan Buis You can now learn the basics of coding with Disney's Moana Matthew Hughes I can't stop mashing up Twitter accounts with this hilarious website Juan Buis Spamnesty hilariously trolls the spammers you hate Matthew Hughes Comments Recommended A tale of tech giants: How Philips competes with the likes of Google to reinvent an entire industry Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 New Facebook feature lets you find nearby Wi-Fi Bryan Clark 2 Tesla powers an entire island with solar energy to flex its mighty panels Mix 3 The death of net neutrality begins today Bryan Clark 4 Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Nadella says next Microsoft phone will be the "ultimate mobile device" Napier Lopez The UK wants to give startups £400 million to prevent foreign buyouts Matthew Hughes Study: iPhone owners tend to be more superficial than Android users Mix Snag a pair of the world’s smallest charging cables for just $20 TNW Deals This iPhone still works after a year on the bottom of an icy lake Juan Buis Samsung is wrongly recalling older Galaxy smartphones as Note 7's Mix Google Pixel update brings nifty double-tap and raise-to-wake features Mix You can finally catch everyone's favorite in Pokémon Go Juan Buis Experts call on Clinton to challenge election results over hacking fears Abhimanyu Ghoshal Telegram launches Telegraph to let you publish articles anonymously Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook has reportedly built a tool to censor content in China Abhimanyu Ghoshal Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark Oculus Rift owners can stream Xbox One games to their headset starting next month Bryan Clark New battery concept could charge in seconds, last for days Bryan Clark @mattcutts You are only as strong as your weakest link. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
null
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate LeEco Le Pro3 Review: Great hardware doesn’t fix a subpar software experience [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Huawei Mate 9 Review: The first non-Nexus Huawei phone that’s great across the board Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] August 15 GOOG: 782.44 -0.78 Hangouts on Air will move from Google+ to YouTube Live next month Ben Schoon - 3 months ago @NexusBen Apps & Updates Google Plus Google Hangouts hangouts on air YoUTube Live View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Over the past several months we’ve been seeing Google moving various services away from Google+. The app no longer comes pre-loaded on Android devices, you no longer need a Google+ account for YouTube or Google Play, and now the company is cutting another chunk out of the social network, Hangouts on Air. Starting on September 12th Hangouts on Air will move from Google+ to YouTube Live. With this move, there won’t be too many changes to the platform as a whole. Users will still have the same privacy levels on their broadcasts including public, private, and unlisted. Recorded events will still upload to the associated YouTube channel as well, but one big loss will be apps. Currently, Hangouts on Air users can use features such as Showcase, Applause, and Q&A to receive questions and feedback from viewers in real-time as well as display specific content to them. Following the switch to YouTube Live, these features won’t be available, at least not at launch. Starting today scheduled events on Hangouts on Air can’t be scheduled past September 12th, so those will need to be created with the YouTube Creator Studio. If you’ve already created an event which will take place after that date, you’ll need to recreate it on YouTube Live as well. To create an event on YouTube Live, here’s what you need to do: Go to Live Streaming Events in Creator Studio. Click New live event. Select Quick (using Google Hangouts On Air). Give your live stream a title. Click Go live now or enter in details to schedule your event for later. Use Hangouts to broadcast live. This change is a very logical one for Google, but it doesn’t put much faith in the future of Google+ as a social network. Guides Google Plus View THe Guide Google Hangouts View THe Guide hangouts on air View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Fuchsia dev team: Android, Palm, WebOS, Native Client, iOS Chris Burns - Aug 15, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Today we’re having a look at the software team responsible for Google Fuchsia, a new operating system from Google. The initial commit file for this set of codes was made “6 weeks ago” by developer Petr Hosek. That first commit reads as follows: “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)”. That’s it! This operating system’s code and its developers have a wide variety of connections to operating systems you may have had some experience with in the past – everything from iOS to the software run by the original Sidekick phone. Any user can find a mirror of this project on Github. In the License file for this system is a note that this code is copyright 2016 “The Fuchsia Authors.” It mentions that “Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.” One notable author on this project is Travis Geiselbrecht, who previously worked on Android, Danger Inc., Hiptop OS (in the USA it was shipped with T-Mobile on a device called the Sidekick), NewOS, and BeOS. Brian Swetland is also on the team – he previously worked with Danger Inc. and BeOS, and joined Android Inc. in December of 2004 as “Senior Robot Wrangler”. He joined Google when Google acquired Android, Inc. in 2005, and stuck around until January of 2015, when he went to work with Playground.Global for several months. NOTE: Playground was founded by a team of four people, one of which was Google’s Andy Rubin. While Playground may look like a Google property – it uses a VERY similar font for its logo, after all – it’s not officially a Google-owned business. It’s described as its own independent artificial intelligence investment incubator – also Google is one of four main Series A investors in the company. In March of 2016, Swetland re-joined Google. Tim Kilbourn is on this project as well – he worked from September of 2007 to September 2015 with Google as a software engineer, worked that same month in 2015 until May of 2016 with Tesla Motors as a staff software engineer, then returned to Google. Kilbourn has worked from June of 2016 to the present with Google as a software engineer specifically on Fuchsia. Christopher Anderson is also on the project, having worked with Palm back in 2008-2010, moving on to Jawbone through March 2012, and on to Google starting in May of 2012. Anderson started at Google working on Android, working on Android TV hardware and companion devices as well as the Chromecast predecessor Nexus Q. He also worked as senior system software engineer (Robotics) with Google, and as of August of 2015 (through the present), he’s worked with Google as a Senior System Software Engineer with Embedded Devices. George Kulakowski worked with Apportable for 2 years as tech lead for BridgeKit and developed and maintained Apportable Foundation’s test suite infrastructure. He went on to work with Google starting in May of 2015. You’ll remember Petr Hosek from the beginning of this article. He has an interesting past with Google which reads as follows: • Student Participant, Google Summer of Code 2010 May 2010 – August 2010: Designed and developed Colladoc, a collaborative documentation authoring tool for Scala Programming Language. • Student Mentor, Google Summer of Code 2011 May 2011 – August 2011: Supervising and managing the development of Colladoc project, providing guidance and mentorship. • Software Engineering Intern, Google June 2012 – September 2012: Worked in the Native Client team, extending the memory management subsystem. • Software Engineering Intern, Google June 2013 – September 2013: Member of the Native Client team, contributed a number of improvements to the memory management subsystem and integrated runtime, refactored service runtime to allow for easier embedding; improved support for porting POSIX applications including process support. • Software Engineer, Google January 2015 – Present: Working in the Native Client team. This operating system could be coming to a device near you – or every device you already own. If the talents of the top developers on this project are any indication, they’ve got the knowhow that’ll allow them to run this system through all manner of devices: truly an internet of things. UPDATE: This system utilizes the physically based rendered Escher, which features Volumetric soft shadows, Color bleeding, Light diffusion, and “Lens effect” – all of which would assist in creating a visual-based operating system – files and folders and dragging and dropping and clicking and/or tapping and all that. Not necessarily – just in all likelihood.* *An edit 3 weeks ago by Josh Gargus included “Rename TextureDescriptor to TextureSpec. Same for MaterialShaderDescriptor.” It should be clear at this point that this operating system will work within Google’s Material Design user interface plan – as both Android and Chrome do now. Josh Gargus previously worked with Palm (from October 2010 to December 2011) as a WebOS media applications developer. He joined Google as a software engineer in November of 2011. In a set of Escher code examples included in the Fuschia project can be found mentions of “IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET = 9.3” and “SDKROOT = iphoneos” – and also mentions its ability to work with both iPhone and iPad. This mention COULD just be in reference to this one demo file. We’re still searching! Story Timeline Google On app launched for your smart home Google OnHub has Chrome OS inside Google OnHub WiFi router adds guest network feature Fuchsia is Google's new OS project - here's what we know Tags AndroidAppleChromechrome osDesktopdevelopersgoogleiOSPCsmartphoneSoftwareTablet Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines 2016 is saved as Microsoft Solitaire hits iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 The government wants to cripple your phone while driving Nov 23, 2016 Blizzard Black Friday 2016 sale includes Warcraft, Overwatch deals Nov 23, 2016 How to stream the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade 2016 live Nov 23, 2016 Rocket League Game of the Year Edition drives onto PS4 and PC Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Google is killing off Hangouts on Air in September New, 20 comments Users will have to use YouTube Live going forward by Sean O'Kane@sokane1 Aug 15, 2016, 5:56pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google has announced that Hangouts on Air — the live-streaming service once used by Barack Obama and Pope Francis — will be mostly discontinued next month. A new post over at Google's YouTube support page lays out the details for Hangouts on Air users, who will have to use YouTube Live to handle all their live-streaming needs starting September 12th. That includes events that were already scheduled for after that date, too. Google’s post features a walkthrough of how users will be able to start, schedule, and control live streams after the switchover. The company also calls out a few specific features of Hangouts on Air that are being left behind. The native Q&A feature, which was part of the bedrock of Hangouts on Air, is being discontinued; instead, Google wants broadcasters to use social media or the Q&A feature of Google Slides to field questions and communicate with viewers during live streams. Other features, like "Showcase" and "Applause" are also being cut. Another once-touted product bites the dust Hangouts on Air was created in 2012 when Google added live-streaming and community features to its existing Hangouts product. It was a shrewd move — it came at a time when live-streaming products were much harder to come by than they are today, and so Google promoted it hard by having big names like Obama perform live broadcasts that were heavy on Q&A. In turn, the core product (plus an early run of new features and support from Google) also attracted plenty of users — podcasters, especially. YouTube Live was rolled out the following year, and Google wasted no time loosely tying the two streaming services together — it leveraged YouTube’s infrastructure to increase the device compatibility of Hangouts on Air, as well as to store streams post-broadcast. But even as Google tried to build up Hangouts on Air, it always seemed like YouTube was a more natural fit for live-streaming. In that respect, Google is treating Hangouts on Air the same way it handled Google+ — take what works, find new home for those features, and sweep the hollowed-out shell under the rug. Via: The Next Web Source: Google More From The Verge Snap Spectacles review: Fun that's totally worth the trouble Cults, chaos, and community: how The Tension Experience rewrote the rules of storytelling Netflix feels like Blockbuster these days The Verge 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Supported By Did Trump just change his mind on climate change? Who knows The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more This 5-second video will crash your iPhone Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker This cheap fitness watch has GPS tracking and an always-on display by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Another day, another new fitness tracker — although this one is a relatively inexpensive fitness-focused smartwatch. Huami is now selling its Amazfit Pace smartwatch in the US, a product that was previously only available in China, where Huami is... New, 0 comments Gaming Entertainment Culture Question Club: Is Watch Dogs 2 actually an open-world puzzle game? by Megan Farokhmanesh, Chris Plante, and Andrew Webster Earlier this month, Ubisoft released a sequel to its open-world hacking adventure, Watch Dogs. Gone is the city of Chicago and the dour grimace of vigilante Aiden Pearce. Watch Dogs 2 instead focuses on Marcus Holloway, a youthful hacker living in... Spotify’s collaborative playlists will test your family’s togetherness this Thanksgiving by Ben Popper Spotify and Sonos have gotten together for a little holiday promotion they’re calling Playlist Potluck. It lets a host create a Spotify playlist they can share via email, and anyone who’s invited can add their own track. The theme is friendship,... Gaming Editorial Virtual Reality Steam is about to take over PC gaming all over again — this time, with VR by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy For years now, Valve’s Steam service has dominated PC gaming. Not every title is on its store, and markets like GoG and Itch.io have carved out their own niche. But it’s still probably the best-known way to find and play games on any computer —... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Culture Let’s hope these sneakers with LED screens are not the footwear of the future by Lizzie Plaugic “Things to put your feet in” probably falls somewhere on Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, but there’s no way that includes these things. Vixole’s new “e-sneakers” come with an LED screen near the heel that the wearer can customize with drawings,... New, 3 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft brings Solitaire to iOS and Android by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is bringing its popular version of Solitaire to iOS and Android today. While the game as existed on Windows for more than 25 years, the modern Solitaire Collection will now be available outside of Windows for the first time. Microsoft is... New, 6 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
My Fox Boston LIVE http://www.fox25boston.com/cmg-main-theme/css My Fox Boston Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wfxt profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 7255424 Home 7255430 Weather StormTracker Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Detailed Forecast Current Temperatures Closings & Delays Text Alert Sign Up Download Weather App 7255466 News Local FOX25 Investigates Politics National & World Health Good News Stretching Your Dollar Holiday Guide 10985464 Traffic Gas Prices 7255568 Sports Boston Red Sox New England Patriots TB25 Podcast High School Football Boston Celtics Boston Bruins 7255526 Video 7255628 Around Town 7255652 FOX25 Cares Firehouse Friday Zip Trips Mission Renovation 7255694 About Us FOX25 News Team Submit a News Tip Advertise With Us FOX25 TV Schedule Contests Jobs and Internships Contact Us 10267213 Watch Live Watch Live News Watch Live Events and Breaking News More Sign up for FOX25 Newsletters Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Google Fiber wants to go completely wireless by: Lindsey Pulse, Newsy Updated: Aug 15, 2016 - 2:24 PM © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter Google Fiber was supposed to be a beacon of light in a world full of slow internet speeds, but things aren't going quite like the company planned. The Wall Street Journal reported that Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc., said digging up streets in areas that need service has been much more costly and time consuming than initially expected. Related Headlines Google blames 'bug' after Donald Trump left off list of presidential candidates Searching for Trump, Clinton alternatives? Google says you're not alone And that's a problem for a company that wants to bring high-speed internet to the masses. So here's how the company is fixing it: a completely wire-free connection, which means no more digging up people's yards to lay down fiber-optic cables. The push toward wireless means that Google is joining the ranks of telecommunications company AT&T, which expects to conduct testing for its wireless connection later this year. >> Read more trending stories   In the meantime, Google is asking cities and power companies to build the networks themselves, rather than having to come out and plant the lines. So far, Google Fiber is available only in six metropolitan areas across the U.S., with plans to bring the service to five more. © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter Google Fiber wants to go completely wireless Apple joins in on Black Friday 2016 with deals on iPhone 7 Aloe absent from aloe vera products at CVS, Walmart, Target, report says Kansas City waterpark announces slide closure after 10-year-old's death First responders take girl with brain cancer to lunch, toy store News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX25 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Coupons at Valpak About Us About FOX25 What's on FOX25 EEOC Statement FOX25 Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Technology Is Google developing a new OS? Eric Emin Wood @ericewood Published: August 15th, 2016 A mysterious – and thus far, unverified – page on code-sharing website GitHub has fuelled speculation that Menlo Park, Calif.-based Google Inc. might be working on a new operating system designed to power just about any device you can think of. Presently nicknamed “Fuschia” (because “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System),” according to its GitHub page), the open-source project has yet to be confirmed by Google, though according to their GitHub profiles developers Christopher Anderson, Brian Swetland, and Travis Geiselbrecht all work there. “The decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning,” Swetland wrote in an IRC chatlog shared on Hacker News. “Things will eventually be public, documented and announced, just not yet.” Unlike Google’s existing operating systems, which have been powered by Linux hardware, Fuschia is based on the Magenta kernel, which has been designed for the type of small systems typically used in embedded applications, but with enough scaling capabilities to potentially power laptop or desktop computers. Consequently, the tech blog Android Police has speculated that Fuschia could represent a plan by Google to develop an OS that is equally adept at powering computing, mobile, and IoT devices alike. “The Linux kernel is not ideal for every situation,” author Corbin Davenport wrote on Android Police. “Especially in the case of embedded devices like car dashboards or GPS units, full-blown desktop kernels like Linux impact performance and cause other issues.” “There’s a massive ecosystem of operating systems designed for embedded hardware, and Google may be working on their own,” he wrote. Digging into the project’s documentation, Davenport also reported that Google is using its open-source, cross-platform, mobile app development software Flutter to create Fuschia’s user interface, and programming it using Dart, the company’s own scalable, open-source application programming language. Also being added to the mix is Escher, a renderer that supports light diffusion, soft shadows, and other visual effects, and it’s known the platform will support both 32-bit and 64-bit ARM CPUs, 64-bit PCs, and will be released soon for the Raspberry Pi 3. Both Davenport and Business Insider author Rob Price speculate that Google could use Fuschia to unite and replace its existing mobile and desktop systems, Android and Chrome OS. Meanwhile, PC World’s Nick Mediati speculates that Google could use Fuchsia instead of Linux to underpin its operating systems’ next-generation versions, with Magenta essentially replacing Linux. “Under such a scenario, Fuchsia wouldn’t be a replacement for Androuid and Chrome OS in of itself,” Price writes. “Instead, the two OSes would live own with their own branding, their own interfaces, and their own features tailored to whatever device they’re designed for.” Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles How an Ottawa-based firm rode the cord-cutting trend without a Netflix-sized marketing budget Google Duo shows you video before you answer the call Technology android, Google, Linux About Eric Emin Wood Eric Emin Wood is an Associate Editor at IT World Canada. When not writing about the tech industry he enjoys photography, movies, travelling, and the Oxford comma, and will talk your ear off about animation if you give him an opening. Follow Follow @ericewood on Twitter gisabun Well we knew the Chrome OS was useless already… So Google spends a few more hundreds of millions… They have deep pockets. PageBooks - A collection of articles chosen by our editors and compiled into a magazine format designed for our readers. The marketing landscape of 2014: What digital marketers need to know Search Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2016 ITBusiness.ca
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Fuchsia OS: What is it and what does it power? Elyse Betters15 August 2016Laptops Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is developing an entirely new operating system. But here's the thing: it's unclear at the moment what this operating system is for, including what devices it might power. Here's everything we know so far about the project, which is currently going by the name Fuchsia. Keep checking back, however, as we plan to update this piece over time with the latest reports, rumours, leaked information, and of course, any and all confirmations. Google Fuchsia: What is it? Fuchsia is an evolving pile of code. You can find it on the search giant's code depository and on GitHub. The code is supposedly the early beginnings of an entirely new operating system, though Google has yet to confirm those details. Interestingly, it's not based on Linux Kernel - the core underpinnings of both Android (Google's mobile OS) and Chrome OS (Google's desktop and laptop OS).  Google Fuchsia: What devices might it power? The current school of thought is that Fuchsia is a new OS that could unify Chrome OS and Android into a single operating system (something that's been heavily speculated since 2015. Reports have claimed that OS will release in 2017. That said, Google's own documentation describes the software as targeting "modern phones and modern personal computers" with "fast processors" and "non-trivial amounts of RAM." If Fuchsia is not a unifying OS, it could be used to power Internet of Things (IoT) devices, such as Google's OnHub router (pictured above). Google Fuchsia: Why could it be an IoT OS? Fuchsia is built on Magenta. It's a "medium-sized microkernel" based on a project called LittleKernel, which is meant for embedded systems, such as a device that has a specific purpose but doesn't require a whole OS, like a router or watch. Also, the two developers listed on Fuchsia's GitHub page - a senior software engineer at Google and  a former engineer on Android TV and Nexus Q -  are well-known experts in embedded systems.  Furthermore, Google's documentation notes Magenta supports user modes, graphics rendering, and a "capability-based security model". Although all this points to Fuchsia being an OS for Wi-Fi connected gadgets, it's worth bringing up that Google already has an IoT platform called Brillo. Google Fuchsia: Will it replace Android? Possibly. Android is riddled with problems that Google has yet to fix. First, there's fragmentation caused by hundreds of different devices from dozens of manufacturers using different, tweaked versions of Android rather than the latest, pure version. Second, there's an update problem. Google has an annual release schedule for Android updates, but it takes about four years for an update to fully flood the ecosystem. Although many of these problems are related to Android being open source - which means Google gives it to OEMs and carriers and lets them tinker with it and load it onto random hardware, resulting in fragmentation, as Google can't then decide to push Android direct to these devices if any modifications and tinkering has been done - another problem is that Android is based on Linux. Linux is not only old but is dogged by many legal issues - and subsequent licensing fees from Android hardware OEMs eat away at profit margins. The Linux kernel was also not originally designed for smartphones and IoT devices, and yet the kernel's been completely tweaked and loaded onto those devices, creating a prime environment for bugs and vulnerabilities to grow. A new operating system and platform would solve all these issues. It wouldn't be shackled by pricey patent licensing deals. It would be safer, built, and optimised for today. It could also be modular and truly unified, meaning it would work across many devices. Google could even begin licensing it to hardware developers, solving those fragmentation and update problems. Google Fuchsia: What else could it be? Hacker News users have suggested Fuchsia could be designed for augmented reality interfaces. Google Fuchsia: Are there any other clues? Nope. But the top of Fuchsia's GitHub page does say "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)".  Google Fuchsia: Why is the code public? As for why the project/code is out in the public and thus was able to be discovered in such a low-key manner, Brian Swetland, one of Fuchsia's listed developers, reportedly explained: "The decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning." Swetland also revealed Fuchsia is booting reasonably well on small-form factor Intel PCs and an Acer Switch Alpha 12 laptop. Want to know more? Check Pocket-lint's Google hub for related news. Sections Google Laptops 5 best laptops for Windows 10: The best available to buy today Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy... Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Dell XPS 15 (2016) review: Pursuing perfection Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Google is bringing Android apps to four more Chromebook models MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: A touch of brilliance or totally brainless? Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? Amazing Black Friday deal: Grab an Amazon Fire tablet for just £30, Fire TV Stick just £25 Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Samsung KS8000 SUHD TV review: Hitting the 4K HDR sweet spot Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Amazon Echo: What can Alexa do and what services are compatible? Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Sonos tips and tricks: Get the most out of your multi-room system Which iPhone is best for you? iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, iPhone 6S Plus or iPhone 7 Plus? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple TPG to Acquire RCN, Grande Communications for $2.25B in Latest Cable Deal The Hollywood ReporterAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Private equity fund TPG Capital said Monday that it has struck agreements to acquire regional cable and broadband providers RCN Telecom Services and Grande Communications Networks from private equity firm ABRY Partners for $1.6 billion and $650 million, respectively. Google Capital, Alphabet Inc.'s investment fund, will take a minority stake in the combined business, the Wall Street Journal reported. Its Google Fiber has been building high-speed broadband networks. Grande is known for providing services in Texas, while RCN has focused on the East Coast. Together, the companies serve such markets as Austin, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, New York, Pennsylvania, San Antonio and Washington, D.C. Read more: Europe's Altice Closes Cablevision Acquisition, Expanding U.S. Presence TPG said it will combine the two companies in the $2.25 billion transaction "to create a top 10 U.S. cable company and a regional market-leading provider of next-generation, high-speed data to residential and business customers." The deal is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017 and is subject to closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. TPG said it was partnering with Patriot Media, the management team headed by Steve Simmons and Jim Holanda that currently manages both RCN and Grande. It has managed RCN since 2010 and Grande since 2013. It is the latest cable deal as the industry continues to consolidate. Charter Communications recently closed its acquisition of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks, Europe's Altice has acquired Cablevision Systems after buying a 70 percent stake in Suddenlink Communications and telecom giant AT&T previously bought satellite TV powerhouse DirecTV. "The way that content is distributed and consumed has evolved significantly in ways that create an overwhelming demand for affordable, high-speed cable networks. There is an unprecedented amount of diverse, creative content being produced that is extremely bandwidth intensive," said David Trujillo, partner at TPG. "Consumers are craving access to that content through various internet-connected devices in the home all at once. This places never-before-seen demands on the underlying infrastructure. High-speed data has become, and will remain, the essential connection for both consumers and businesses. Both RCN and Grande are proven leaders in providing fast, affordable, and reliable data services." The company said that the combined firm "will challenge incumbent telco and cable operators by focusing on providing high-quality and more reliable communications services along with better value and customer service than incumbent competitors." It added: "By providing access to great high-speed broadband connectivity, the new company will be at the forefront of high-speed data disruption." TPG has partnered with the likes of CAA, Cirque du Soleil, Spotify, STX, Univision and others. Its investments also include Airbnb, Ipsy, RentPath and Uber. Read more: Liberty Media CEO Predicts More Content Consolidation in "Next Year or Two" ?? ?? ?? Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 When Microsoft needs a tech 'miracle,' this is the team that answers the call Matt Weinberger Aug. 15, 2016, 4:33 PM 17,606 facebook linkedin twitter email print Peter Lee, Microsoft corporate VP and Microsoft Research NExT boss.Microsoft In 1991, Microsoft founded Microsoft Research, a division for the company's army of PhDs and scientists to pursue the coolest, wildest, most science-fictional ideas that they possibly could, with the very noncorporate goal of expanding human knowledge. They came up with some incredible stuff. Over the years, Microsoft Research contributed to a whole mess of inventions, including Google Maps-style global mapping, voice-recognition software, and the smartwatch. The problem was, very few of those cool academic discoveries were actually making their way back to Microsoft's actual commercial products. Microsoft may have invented the tablet, but the Apple iPad ran away with the market. Meanwhile, the world of tech has changed drastically. Facebook, Uber, Google, Apple, and pretty much every other company in the tech market are trying to build products that require solving really hard computer-science challenges, like artificial intelligence and self-driving vehicles. So all of these companies are hiring their own crack internal science teams. That's why, about 18 months ago, Dr. Peter Lee — a longtime Microsoft Researcher, formerly of DARPA and Carnegie Mellon's computer-science department — thought that it was time for Microsoft Research to take a risk and make some changes. "Twenty-five years in the tech industry is an eternity," Lee says, and he had these "crazy thoughts" about how to give Microsoft Research more impact. Microsoft Research Corporate VP Jeanette WingMicrosoft Lee's big idea would manifest as Microsoft Research NExT, or "New Experiences and Technologies." In its short life, NExT has been responsible for Microsoft technologies like Skype Translator, some of the intelligence behind the Cortana digital assistant, and robots like China's beloved Xiaoice and the notorious rogue Twitter bot Tay. Behind the scenes, too, Microsoft Research NExT is responsible for the more subtle, but still important, leaps that make modern tech possible. If Alex Kipman, development lead for the Microsoft HoloLens holographic goggles, needs "four technological miracles for HoloLens," then it's a NExT team that gets the call. But building NExT required a big change in how Microsoft Research did business — or, perhaps more accurately, how it didn't. What's NExT? In his "wildest dreams," Lee says, he saw maybe 15% of Microsoft Research adopting this new way of doing things. Lee loves Microsoft Research and didn't want to rock the boat too much. But when he took his ideas to Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and Microsoft Research boss Harry Shum, they pushed him to go further. "This is really interesting, but you're being way too timid,'" Lee says Shum and Nadella told him. As a result, about half of the division, around 500 researchers, was reorganized into Microsoft Research NExT with Lee at the head. Distinguished computer scientist Jeanette Wing has control of the other half of Microsoft Research, still focused on more academic areas of study. Microsoft Research head Harry Shum.Microsoft The idea, Lee says, is that "every great research mind is special." Some PhDs and scientists will still want to come to Microsoft Research to pursue the more academic experience that the company has provided for the last quarter of a century, and where science will still be pursued for science's sake without corporate oversight. "There's a big part of Microsoft Research still focused on that life goal," Lee says. By splitting off NExT, though, the company is diversifying its appeal for recruiting top scientists. Companies like Facebook and Google are "snapping up PhDs like crazy," offering the chance for academicians to tackle practical problems that will have a direct and tangible benefits on people's lives, from self-driving cars to cutting-edge quantum computers. And so, NExT is designed to encourage a more entrepreneurial mindset. Science startup If teams at Microsoft Research NExT want funding and access to Microsoft's vast store of resources, then they have to go through a process similar to any private startup. First, Lee says, each team has to "declare very clearly, a very specific goal in the world." That has to be a yes or no question, like "Can we build a bot that humans will want to interact with every day?" because it's the metric on which they'll be judged. Then, the idea has to be vetted by the so-called launch team, a group of executives who act "very similarly to the managing partners of a venture-capital firm," Lee says. If they like what they hear, then the launch team will authorize the necessary resources and the capital for the project. The infamous Tay chatbot came out of Microsoft Research NeXT.Microsoft From there, each team is placed under the auspices of one of three groups, Lee says, as makes sense: One, led by Yi-Min Wang and focused on "execution," works on solving specific problems on a case-by-case basis. So if HoloLens needs a miracle, then Wang's team gets the call. Another, led by Norm Whitaker, is in charge of "special projects," which is similar to Google's idea of "moonshots." Big ideas like building Microsoft data centers underwater came from Whitaker's lab. Finally, Dr. Hsiao-Wuen Hon leads Microsoft Research NExT's efforts in China, which Lee considers to be a huge opportunity. Xiaoice, the smash-hit chatbot in China that has users literally falling in love, came from Hon's team. The end result: Science from Microsoft Research has been moving into the real world much more quickly than it used to. That's good news for Microsoft, which has been betting big on cutting-edge advancements in security and artificial intelligence as it moves past Windows and into a new age. SEE ALSO: I spent 5 minutes inside the quietest room in the world NOW WATCH: Microsoft has created an AI bot that captions photos and it’s shockingly accurate Loading video... More: Microsoft Microsoft Research Peter Lee facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru When Microsoft needs a tech 'miracle,' this is the team that answers the call When Microsoft needs a tech 'miracle,' this is the team that answers the call In 1991, Microsoft founded Microsoft Research... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Google is working on a new operating system named Fuchsia New, 81 comments 'Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System).' by James Vincent@jjvincent Aug 15, 2016, 9:06am EDT share tweet Linkedin Here's a puzzle: Google appears to have started work on a completely new operating system, but no one knows quite what it's for. The project's name is Fuchsia, and it currently exists as a growing pile of code on the search giant's code depository and on GitHub, too. The fledgling OS has a number of interesting features, but so far Google has yet to comment on its intended function. All we really know is that this looks like a fresh start for Google, as the operating system does not use the Linux kernel — a core of basic code that underpins both Android and Chrome OS. So what is Fuchsia for? There have been a number of suggestions. Some people think it could be used to "unify" Chrome OS and Android into a single operating system (a plan that was first rumored last year, with the new OS said to be scheduled for a 2017 release), while others say it could be used to power hardware like Google's OnHub router or third-party Internet of Things devices. Fuchsia's core code is designed to be lightweight Looking into Fuchsia's code gives us a few clues. For example, the OS is built on Magenta, a "medium-sized microkernel" that is itself based on a project called LittleKernel, which is designed to be used in embedded systems (computers that have a specialized function and often don't need an actual operating system, like the software in a digital watch). Similarly, both of the developers listed on Fuchsia's GitHub page — Christopher Anderson and Brian Swetland — are experts in embedded systems. Swetland is a senior software engineer at Google and Anderson has previously worked on the company's Android TV and Nexus Q projects. But the OS also "targets modern phones [and] computers" However, the Magenta kernel can do a lot more than just power a router. Google's own documentation says the software "targets modern phones and modern personal computers" that use "fast processors" and "non-trivial amounts of RAM." It notes that Magenta supports a number of advanced features, including user modes and a "capability-based security model." Further evidence that Fuchsia is intended for more than just Wi-Fi-connected gadgets include the fact that Google already has its own IoT platform (the Android-based Brillo), and the fact that the new OS includes support for graphics rendering. Some users of Hacker News have even suggested that Fuchsia could be use for augmented reality interfaces. (Google itself has yet to respond to requests for comment.) This is just speculation for now, and the only real description we have of Fuchsia is what it says at the top of the GitHub page: "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." The question of why the project would be revealed in this way is also confusing, although when pressed on the subject during an IRC chat, Swetland reportedly said: "The decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning." Well, we've certainly got the beginning of Fuchsia, but where it goes next isn't clear. From what we can see, it's currently being tested on all sorts of systems. Swetland says it's "booting reasonably well" on small-form factor Intel PCs (NUCs) as well as an Acer Switch Alpha 12 laptop ("although driver support is still a work in progress"), while another Google developer involved in the project, Travis Geiselbrecht, says they'll soon have support for the Raspberry Pi 3. At this rate, it looks like Fuchsia will be popping up all over the place. Android apps running on Chromebooks Source: Fuchsia (GitHub) Via: Android Police More From The Verge Snap Spectacles review: Fun that's totally worth the trouble Cults, chaos, and community: how The Tension Experience rewrote the rules of storytelling Netflix feels like Blockbuster these days The Verge 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Supported By Did Trump just change his mind on climate change? Who knows The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more This 5-second video will crash your iPhone Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker This cheap fitness watch has GPS tracking and an always-on display by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Another day, another new fitness tracker — although this one is a relatively inexpensive fitness-focused smartwatch. Huami is now selling its Amazfit Pace smartwatch in the US, a product that was previously only available in China, where Huami is... New, 0 comments Gaming Entertainment Culture Question Club: Is Watch Dogs 2 actually an open-world puzzle game? by Megan Farokhmanesh, Chris Plante, and Andrew Webster Earlier this month, Ubisoft released a sequel to its open-world hacking adventure, Watch Dogs. Gone is the city of Chicago and the dour grimace of vigilante Aiden Pearce. Watch Dogs 2 instead focuses on Marcus Holloway, a youthful hacker living in... Spotify’s collaborative playlists will test your family’s togetherness this Thanksgiving by Ben Popper Spotify and Sonos have gotten together for a little holiday promotion they’re calling Playlist Potluck. It lets a host create a Spotify playlist they can share via email, and anyone who’s invited can add their own track. The theme is friendship,... Gaming Editorial Virtual Reality Steam is about to take over PC gaming all over again — this time, with VR by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy For years now, Valve’s Steam service has dominated PC gaming. Not every title is on its store, and markets like GoG and Itch.io have carved out their own niche. But it’s still probably the best-known way to find and play games on any computer —... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Culture Let’s hope these sneakers with LED screens are not the footwear of the future by Lizzie Plaugic “Things to put your feet in” probably falls somewhere on Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, but there’s no way that includes these things. Vixole’s new “e-sneakers” come with an LED screen near the heel that the wearer can customize with drawings,... New, 3 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft brings Solitaire to iOS and Android by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is bringing its popular version of Solitaire to iOS and Android today. While the game as existed on Windows for more than 25 years, the modern Solitaire Collection will now be available outside of Windows for the first time. Microsoft is... New, 6 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Just When You Thought It Was Too Late to Get In … It Isn't DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Monday Alphabet is rethinking its high-speed Internet business; U.S. stock futures rise and oil prices gain; MAA nears a deal to buy Post Properties for about $4 billion. Joseph Woelfel Aug 15, 2016 7:04 AM EDT Updated from 5:55 a.m. EDT If you'd like to receive "5 Things" in your email inbox every morning, please register for TheStreet Alerts and follow me.  Here are five things you must know for Monday, Aug. 15: 1. -- Alphabet (GOOGL) , the parent of Google, is rethinking its high-speed Internet business after initial rollouts proved more expensive and time consuming than anticipated, The Wall Street Journal reported. Google Fiber has spent hundreds of millions dollars laying fiber-optic cables in a handful of cities to offer Web connections roughly 30 times faster than the U.S. average. The business launched  six years ago. Now the company is hoping to use wireless technology to connect homes, rather than cables, in about a dozen new metro areas, including Los Angeles, Chicago and Dallas, the Journal reported, citing people familiar with the company's plans. As a result, Alphabet has suspended projects in San Jose, Calif., and Portland, Ore. The company also is trying to cut costs and accelerate its expansion elsewhere by leasing existing fiber or asking cities or power companies to build the networks instead of building its own. Today, Google Fiber has reached just six metro areas, according to the Journal. Alphabet is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells GOOGL? Learn more now. 2. -- U.S. stock futures were rising Monday and crude oil moved higher on reports that Russia's energy minister has been in talks with Saudi Arabia to achieve oil market stability. West Texas intermediate crude oil gained 0.4% to $44.67 a barrel early Monday. European stocks rose and Asian shares ended the session mixed. Chinese stocks were up sharply while equities in Japan tumbled as the nation's economy barely grew in the April to June quarter. The economic calendar in the U.S. Monday includes the Empire State Manufacturing Index for August at 8:30 a.m. EDT, and the NAHB Housing Market Index for August at 10 a.m. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Enterprise Tech Firms Are Desperate to Buy Their Way to Growth Weak sales growth, large cash balances and still-favorable credit markets have enterprise giants willing to open up their checkbooks. An offshore cash tax deal could provide a fresh incentive. Eric Jhonsa Nov 22, 2016 5:26 PM EST Newest Driverless-Vehicle Test Center Set to Be Built Near Detroit The American Center for Mobility, sponsored by Michigan, is designed to keep industry leadership in the state. Doron Levin Nov 22, 2016 1:45 PM EST Why Macom's AppliedMicro Circuits Deal Could Benefit Intel While ARM-based server processors have been seen as a big threat to Intel, they've made limited headway. Macom's deal to buy AppliedMicro shines a light on this. Eric Jhonsa Nov 22, 2016 10:41 AM EST Trump Meeting with New York Times is Back On after Early-Morning Twitter Tirade Donald Trump continued his Twitter tirade against the New York Times early Tuesday morning, announcing his decision to cancel a meeting with the publication scheduled for later in the day. Emily Stewart Nov 22, 2016 10:28 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes Here's How Apple, Hardware Suppliers Could be Hurt by Trump's Trade Crackdown Boeing, GM, 2 Other High-Yield Stocks Want to Pay You More Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Computing Google Fiber Stalls as the Industry Gears Up for Ultrafast Wireless The next generation of high-speed Internet is likely to cut the cord. by Michael Reilly August 15, 2016 Laying fiber is, it turns out, pretty expensive. That’s one reason why expansion of Google Fiber’s ambitious project to bring ultrafast internet to U.S. cities around has been placed on hold. The company has spent spent hundreds of millions of dollars laying fiber-optic cablesto bring Internet service as much as 100 times faster than average high-speed wireless to customers in six cities so far. Another reason appears to be a growing sense that gigabit Internet can be delivered much more cheaply if the wires are ditched. Not only is it pricey to dig up streets to lay the fiber, the thinking goes, but Google Fiber often found itself negotiating with big ISPs—whose business is essentially being undermined by the project—over access to telephone poles. Super-fast Wi-Fi transmitters, on the other hand, can be mounted on the tops of tall buildings to beam Internet access directly to users. Google isn’t alone in thinking that the future of gigabit Internet lies in cutting the cord. As we reported, Facebook is testing a similar system, as are Verizon and AT&T. A startup called Starry is also hard at work and could be the first to get super-fast wireless into people’s homes. Google Fiber’s big move toward wireless came when it announced in June that it is buying Webpass, a company that uses wireless technology to provide homes with gigabit Internet access. The purchasing process is still ongoing, but it stands to reason that the next two cities due to get the Google Fiber treatment—San Jose, California, and Portland, Oregon—may instead get a dose of blazing-fast Internet delivered over the airwaves. (Read more: Ars Technica, Wall Street Journal, “Wireless, Super-Fast Internet Is Coming to Your Home,” “Facebook Is Testing a Super-Speed Public Wi-Fi System”) From Our Advertisers Sponsored by Google for Work Survey: Machine Learning Trends, Challenges, and Opportunities In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Google Fiber, Starry, wireless internet access, Webpass Credit Photograph courtesy of Google Michael Reilly Senior Editor, News and Commentary Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Computing From the latest smartphones to advances in quantum computing, the hardware behind today's digital age is rapidly changing. What Lame Duck? Obama Isn’t Backing Down on These Tech Policies Before Trump takes over, Congress will consider government hacking, and the Obama administration could tie up loose ends in transportation and Internet policy. by Mike Orcutt Facebook’s Plans to Bring Flying Internet to Everyone Aren’t Going So Well The Aquila drone’s maiden voyage ended with a splat, not long before the company’s satellite went up in flames. by Jamie Condliffe Neural Network Learns to Identify Criminals by Their Faces The effort aimed at identifying criminals from their mugshots raises serious ethical issues about how we should use artificial intelligence. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv More from Computing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple HTC documents confirm new Nexus devices coming for Google Chris Smith BGR NewsAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share No, HTC did not come out with any official announcement that would prove what all Nexus rumors say – that HTC is making the Sailfish and Marlin for Google. However, official HTC documents spotted at the FCC are very clear. The struggling Taiwanese smartphone maker has been working on Nexus-branded devices for Google. DON’T MISS: The iPhone 7 is going to be so much more exciting than you think Spotted by TechTastic, the two documents do not mention Sailfish or Marlin by name, and they do not list features or specs. But they do mention Nexus and Google. “We, HTC Corporation, herby declare that the user guide submitted for review is draft and the final version will be made publicly available on Google’s website (http://support.google.com/nexus) at the time the product is commercially released,” the documents read. Both documents are dated July 20th, and the FCC published them on August 15th, so there’s little doubt at this point. This isn’t some sort of old documentation for older HTC-made Nexus hardware. These are two distinct statements made for two upcoming devices that were not released yet – you can see both of them at the source links below. In related news, the first real photos showing the upcoming Nexus smartphones have been leaked. The devices are expected to share the same high-end design and flagship specs, and launch at some point in early October. Trending right now: Yet another exciting new iPhone 7 feature may have just been uncovered 12 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today New photos and video show iPhone 7 Plus in the color we’ve all been waiting for: Space Black See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Black Friday Deals Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Black Friday Deals Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Software News / Google is building a new OS called Fuchsia and it runs on anything Google is building a new OS called Fuchsia and it runs on anything by Chris Smith 15 August 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google is experimenting with a new operating system that’s designed to run on anything from IoT gadgets to personal computers. The code for the new Fuchsia operating system, as it is described on GitHub, was posted over the weekend. The open source operating system supports 64-bit ARM and Intel-based PCs and will soon support the Raspberry Pi 3. There's speculation that this new OS may well be designed to power Google’s smart home efforts, such as the Google Home gadget. Related: 8 Android Nougat features worth chewing over It’s not yet clear what Google, if anything, plans to do with Fuchsia, which looks like it may have a Material Design-based UI. This may be an experiment that never makes it to market, or it could be the software that eventually unites Android and Chrome. As Android Police, which explored the code, points out, the company may also be developing a third, lightweight OS that’s akin to Samsung’s Tizen. If you’re feeling brave, you can take a nose around Fuchsia yourself. Latest Deals From Ebay AVG Performance 2016 Unlimited Devices/2-Years Windows/ Android/ MAC/ GOOGLE Inc $9.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Search Log In Sign Up Blog Videos Almanac Snippets Forums Shop Lodge Jobs The Average Web Page (Data from Analyzing 8 Million Websites) Catalin Rosu // August 15, 2016 The following is a guest post by Catalin Rosu, who along with some colleagues, dug up a ton of data about the HTML content of web sites. This is the most recent study of its kind and wildly fascinating to see the results. I find it especially fun to compare the top results to what I would have guessed would have won. We've all been there. We try to improve our HTML code making it clean, beautiful, and readable. We do this in pursuit of better semantics and better accessibility, so that everyone can use it. It's our top priority. And we always have questions: What is the best way to structure the markup? How are others doing it? Questions like these were running through my mind. I wondered about how people write markup these days, as new web technologies emerge. So, I teamed up with a few of my colleagues at AWRCloud and we came up with a data set of over 8 million pages from Google top twenty results. The studies that came before this one Back in 2005, Ian Hickson, the editor of HTML5 specification, made an analysis of a sample of slightly over a billion documents, looking to see what the web is made of. A billion is an enormous number, but to Google, nothing is impossible. With this huge amount of documents, he extracted valuable information about popular class names, elements, attributes, and related metadata. The outstanding results were later published as Web Authoring Statistics, which is still the most powerful web authoring study ever made. More recently, in 2008, the Opera Metadata Analysis and Mining Application crawler, MAMA, ended up analyzing about 3.5 million URLs. Brian Wilson, the author of this impressive work, expanded the study by publishing results detailing page structures, including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. One of the analyses from Web Authoring Statistics that later proved vital for the work in progress HTML5 development, was a list of the most popular class names in those HTML documents. The Opera MAMA crawler also searched for the most common class names and in addition to Google's results and they've published relevant results on the popular ID attribute values given to elements as well. What does this study add to the conversation? The data for this study comes from 8,021,323 index pages gathered from the top twenty Google results for about 30 million keywords, chosen by keyword volume. Meaning: we had 30 million keywords. We ran a Google search for each of them and took the URLs for the top 20 results and added them to the list and removed the duplicates. We can only assume that the relevance of these web pages to the general web population is very high. That is based on the likelihood these are popular and high-trafficked websites commensurate to their search result positions. How fresh is this data? The latest data set is from May 20th, 2016. This new study will never surpass the former study Google made back in 2005. It’s not about overcoming Opera’s great study either. It’s about finding new and relevant insights on the actual markup used by the most popular and successful web pages on the internet. So, how does the average HTML page look like nowadays? Take a look at the screenshots below and check out the study for the full statistics. The Stats Following our study, we find that the average website index page uses twenty six different different element types. Most website use 26 different HTML elements, give or take a few, with a curious peak at 9. The twenty six elements used on the most pages, ordered by frequency: Unsurprisingly, <head> and <html> are used on all sites. Slightly surprising with <body> at 99% - perhaps a very large website with a weird mistake? The table elements at the bottom of the list are still on a surprising nearly-third of all websites. Among the document type declarations that specify which version of (X)HTML a page is using, the latest HTML5 doctype is clearly leading the way. Nearly two thirds of all websites declare themselves at HTML5. If we look at all the elements that are specifically about telling browser or search engines about the site and how to style it, we found about 175 million elements, and here's how they broke down: The breakdown of the 105 million elements for content sectioning looks like this: <h3>s are the most popular heading elements and overall content sectioning element. Of the billion text content elements: The <div> has a commanding lead. What's the future of web? Us web developers and web content creators are curious and interested in usage, statistics, and browser support. These are the things that led to the class names findings back in 2005, names known today as the most popular HTML5 tags. The web is evolving fast. This isn't new, but it can feel overwhelming. The trends are changing from year to year and as a web content creator, it requires motivation and effort to stay up to date. Think about how the markup and the average web page looked like ten years ago and how a modern web page looks like today. We also used the study to look at emerging technologies like Web Components. While Web Components allows authors to create arbitrarily named elements, we can look for standards elements used in the creation of Web Components. Nobody can predict the future. We can only guess how the average web page will look like ten years from now on. Next time we run this study (we're considering quarterly), will we see things like Web Components rise? And again, the complete data set is here. Comments goose Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 “The table elements at the bottom of the list are still on a surprising nearly-third of all websites.” Why is this surprising? Tables aren’t being depreciated. They are the semantic way you’re suppose to display tabular data. I’m sure a lot of websites have data they need tables for. Although let’s be honest, much of those tables across the internet are being used for page layout, but let’s not blame that on the table element. Chris Coyier Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 I wrote that line – and yes – I do think it’s surprising that a third of all webpages have tabular data on them. Robin Neal Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 Seriously, Chris? A lot of data is still easily and efficiently represented in a table, and clients still have a twisted love for them despite their terrible responsiveness. Almost every website I’ve ever made has used at least one table somewhere. Take ecommerce sites for instance, almost every one of them will use a table somewhere, be it for product details or shipping information. I think the most surprising thing here is that someone so deeply embedded in the web industry hasn’t noticed the persistent prevalence of tabular content on websites. Chris Coyier Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 I’d like to also add that I’m surprised I’m not allowed to be surprised about something. Thierry Koblentz Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 For what it is worth, I agree with Chris. I don’t think there is that much tabular data out there. Check Yahoo.com for example, there is a lot of mixed content there and still, they use <table role="presentation"> to address a style fix, not for tabular data. Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 Hey guys, Maybe the surprising thing is the need to display tabular data precisely on the index pages. Don’t forget the above info is for the index pages only. I’m thinking here about the current layout design trends and how they – don’t really – fit with tabular data. Ruchila Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 Is the use of div and grid system preferred more over a table ? Lewis Howles Permalink to comment# August 19, 2016 It absolutely classes as surprising. There being a valid use case for tables certainly doesn’t equate to there being a need for tabular data on a third of all websites. I can barely even think of examples of what an average website would show in a table. What’s also surprising is that it seems like there are websites out there that use <table> but not <td> Atasco Permalink to comment# September 11, 2016 Neopets may have skewed the averages a little. They haven’t done a redesign in many years, and every single page of theirs is formatted with several nested tables. Every. Single. Page. Has. Several. Nested. Tables. It makes me dry-heave just thinking about it, and it’s where I first learned to write HTML and CSS as a kid. My code is written as bare-bones, literal, and minimalist as possible in silent rebellion to this day. Thierry Koblentz Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 Slightly surprising with <body> at 99% I think the 97% for <title> is more surprising since tag omission is allowed for <body> but not for <title> Chris Coyier Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 I guess that 99% for body is proof that the pages were analyzed as served documents and the DOM post document.ready (in which 100% of pages would have a body). I wonder how that would affect things. Jonathan Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 I’m curious about the 10.4% of pages that don’t contain any anchor elements. Any suggestions? John Doe Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 perhaps because you can attach actions to mouse input/events without the need for an anchor tag? Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 Hi Jonathan, 10.4% of pages with missing anchor elements is definitely something to look into. I’ll dig further and hopefully get back with some interesting facts. Enrico Atzeni Permalink to comment# August 16, 2016 Think also there are some websites with a landing maintenance page without links Bruce Van Allen Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 To me the most surprising finding is in your list of the top 26 elements: strong is there but b is NOT! That shows a shift in usage toward the more semantic approach, although no doubt it also reflects a shift to the use of CSS for altering character weights. The table question is interesting. Given that your survey was of top-20 sites, and reinforced by the large adoption of the HTML5 doctype, it appears that your sample is heavily weighted toward modern actively maintained and updated sites whose scale requires that they pay attention to new developments and best practices. If that is so, then perhaps you should re-examine your questioning of the still-substantial use of tables. Maybe these site developers have actually found a balanced usage of structured rows and columns where that is indeed the best way to present certain information. Could your future survey delve into HOW tables are used – grossly speaking page structure vs tabular data? Finally, you say that the h3 element is the dominant heading used for content sectioning. But in the top 26 elements list, h1 and h2 show considerably higher usage than h3. Are these referring to different things? Thanks for doing this! Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 Hi Brue, I agree this part might sound confusing but let me try make things a little clear. … in the top 26 elements list, h1 and h2 show considerably higher usage than h3 Among the most used 26 HTML elements, the <h1> and <h2> are leading in front of <h3> because it’s about the frequency, not the total number of appearances. So it’s most likely a page to contain a <h1> or <h2> rather than a <h3>. … the h3 element is the dominant heading used for content sectioning. On 8,021,323 pages, we’ve counted a total number of 105,017,877 content sectioning elements. Here it’s about the total number of appearances only and it seems that the <h3> is in charge. Hope that helps! :) Robert Mion Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 I’m mostly saddened (but not surprised) to see that dropdown menus (composed of several < option > elements) make up 50% of form elements. There’s almost always a better option, as noted in the delightful presentation at f-u-c-k-dropdowns.com [minus the dashes] (I have no affiliation, just think all designers should watch) Desmond Lai Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 What a funny studies. Seems there is another kind of simple websites using just only 9 types of html tags. Short and clean. Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# August 16, 2016 Glad you noticed that too. I made a check and there are 362.769 websites that are using only 9 different HTML elements, comparing to 473.631 websites that are using 26 elements. Stephen P Permalink to comment# August 17, 2016 Using only 9 types of tags is not necessarily “short and clean” and could just as easily be long and dirty. I imagine two likely cases for a curious spike at exactly N tags (here N==9) and am interested to know if Catalin notices if either is the case. a) divitis — I see many sites with deep nesting of <div>s as wrappers of wrappers of wrappers, often as part of building a site based on a framework system. You can often tell which framework too, based on the classes on the divs. b) Automation — If you have E-Z Site Builder v3 churning out pages according to a template, many similar pages & sites would inflate the data at the N point. Since automation generally can’t infer semantics things tend to turn into generic divs. Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# August 17, 2016 Stephen, That’s very interesting. Right now I’m only thinking about checking out the “divitis” scenario for all the ~300k websites that are using those 9 different elements only. Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# September 13, 2016 We ran some queries for the ~300k websites that are using only 9 elements per page and here are the numbers we’ve got for the top 15: meta 2,056,149 script 687,084 link 369,959 div 346,548 head 253,189 html 252,865 title 252,751 body 251,831 p 131,922 h1 116,473 style 112,121 a 72,571 li 53,858 br 15,975 frame 14,414 The above are the total number of HTML elements found within ~300k pages. Šime Vidas Permalink to comment# August 15, 2016 Nearly two thirds of all websites declare themselves at HTML5. Not two thirds, but about 52.5%, if I’m reading the data correctly. Of the 8M pages, only about 6.4M have a doctype to begin with. The data is presented in an unusual manner, and the relative percentages aren’t very useful when the elements work in conjunction with each other (e.g. area vs map). Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# August 16, 2016 Hi Šime, That’s a good point, it’s two thirds of websites that specify a doctype indeed. Also, regarding the data representation, that was one of the decisions I had to take at the beginning of this project. And while searching for an interesting way to group HTML elements by functionality, I stumbled upon this impressive MDN resource. MaxArt Permalink to comment# August 16, 2016 Definitely interesting. I’d like to suggest that missing 1% of body elements might be due to frameset pages. Old and deprecated, but still in use. I’m more surprised about 11.5% of script-less sites. Maybe they’re all front, presentation pages? Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# August 16, 2016 The missing 1% of body elements is again something to look into. I guess the only way to check this out is to run the parser again with these custom settings and hopefully get some interesting insights. Brian Pohuski Permalink to comment# August 16, 2016 Awesome study! I love to see breakdowns like this. I am curious why <div> is included in Text Content and not Content Sectioning. Older pages (HTML 4.01) would most likely use <div id="header"> instead of <header>, so I am curious about how you decided to break down the stats into the categories you chose. I look forward to the next study to find trends! Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# August 16, 2016 Brian, the above categories were chosen based on MDN‘s HTML element reference. TechSlides Permalink to comment# August 17, 2016 Any chance you can open source the data? I’d like to dig a little deeper into these stats. Jan Permalink to comment# August 18, 2016 Why so many tbody elements? Is this optional tag seriously used as frequently as table tag or is it something the user agent added to dom? Joan Permalink to comment# August 22, 2016 I just tested with a simple table, and Chrome, Safari, and Firefox all insert tbody elements automatically. Darryl Snow Permalink to comment# August 19, 2016 I think it’s also worth pointing out that this data surely only reflects the English-language web. Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# September 5, 2016 Of the 8,021,323 pages that we were able to parse, 5,368,133 use the lang attribute on the html element. That’s about 70%! Check out below the breakdown for lang attribute values: – en-US 2,688,150 – en 2,104,991 – en-gb 267,844 – en-GB 120,406 – en-us 54,480 – de 40,250 – fr 26,156 – en-AU 24,133 – es-ES 21,561 – fr-FR 20,162 Darryl Snow Permalink to comment# September 6, 2016 So yeah, 99% English Brian Pohuski Permalink to comment# August 22, 2016 Many frameworks such as fontawesome.io use the <i> tag for icon markup in HTML. This might account for <strong>(3.4%) being more popular than <b>(2.3%), but oddly <i>(2.8%) is still dominant over <em>(0.8%). Thoughts? Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# September 7, 2016 Within the total number of inline elements (936,760,353), 2.8% (26,229,289) of them are ielements. I dug a bit deep into the i element stats only and here is the top 15 for <i class="*"></i>: fa fa-angle-right – 696,960 fa fa-twitter – 561,335 fa fa-clock-o – 543,666 fa fa-facebook – 498,275 fa fa-angle-down – 455,119 ddc-icon ddc-icon-chevron-right – 448,404 fa fa-user – 439,849 fa fa-star – 409,194 fa fa-search – 397,014 fa fa-google-plus – 307,473 fa fa-shopping-cart – 307,700 ddc-icon ddc-icon-arrow2-right – 296,082 fa fa-bars – 254,183 fa fa-heart – 241,411 fa fa-envelope – 244,036 Font Awesome FTW! Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# September 7, 2016 Within the total number of inline elements (936,760,353), 2.8% (26,229,289) of them are ielements. So, I dug a bit deep into the i element stats only and here is the top 15 for <i class="*"></i>: fa fa-angle-right – 696,960 fa fa-twitter – 561,335 fa fa-clock-o – 543,666 fa fa-facebook – 498,275 fa fa-angle-down – 455,119 ddc-icon ddc-icon-chevron-right – 448,404 fa fa-user – 439,849 fa fa-star – 409,194 fa fa-search – 397,014 fa fa-google-plus – 307,473 fa fa-shopping-cart – 307,700 ddc-icon ddc-icon-arrow2-right – 296,082 fa fa-bars – 254,183 fa fa-heart – 241,411 fa fa-envelope – 244,036 Font Awesome FTW! Joan Permalink to comment# September 7, 2016 So the 15 most common uses of the <i> tag made up about 5.5 million of 26.2 million <i> tags. How many of the <i> tags didn’t have a class and had something between the opening and closing tag? That is, how many were likely being used for something other than an icon font element? Catalin Rosu Permalink to comment# September 7, 2016 Joan, hard to tell but not impossible :) This comment thread is closed. If you have important information to share, please contact us. Job Board Bytion is hiring a Front-End Web Developer Twenty Over Ten is hiring a Web Designer/Developer Hart is hiring a Web Designer See More Jobs   Post a Job CSS-Tricks uses and recommends Media Temple web hosting. Their exceptional service and support keep this site fast. Use coupon code CSSTRICKS to save 20% for the first year. Save 20% on Web Hosting Build custom web forms easily. Let's get started! Sign Up Now! We have a pretty good* newsletter. Email Address CSS-Tricks* is created, written by, and maintained by Chris Coyier and a team of swell people. It is built on WordPress, hosted by Media Temple, and the assets are served by MaxCDN. The fonts are Source Sans Pro and Source Code Pro. It is made possible through sponsorships from products and services we like. *May or may not contain any actual "CSS" or "Tricks". Contact About Archives Advertise Guest Posting License Shop Subscribe RSS
null
Difference between revisions of "Security/Safe Browsing" From MozillaWiki < Security Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 13:04, 29 July 2016 (view source) Fmarier (Talk | contribs) (→‎Documentation: link to Chromium design docs) ← Older edit Revision as of 12:09, 15 August 2016 (view source) Fmarier (Talk | contribs) (→‎QA: mention the MOZ_LOG_FILE envvar) Newer edit → Line 85: Line 85:   * [https://hg.mozilla.org/qa/mozmill-tests/file/default/firefox/tests/remote/restartTests/testSafeBrowsing_initialDownload/test2.js Mozmill test for initial list download] (needs to be [https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1237396 ported to Marionette])   * [https://hg.mozilla.org/qa/mozmill-tests/file/default/firefox/tests/remote/restartTests/testSafeBrowsing_initialDownload/test2.js Mozmill test for initial list download] (needs to be [https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1237396 ported to Marionette])     − To turn on debugging output, export the following environment variable: + To turn on debugging output, export the following environment variables:       + MOZ_LOG_FILE=/tmp/safebrowsing.log     MOZ_LOG="UrlClassifierDbService:5,nsChannelClassifier:5,UrlClassifierProtocolParser:5,UrlClassifierStreamUpdater:5,UrlClassifierPrefixSet:5"     MOZ_LOG="UrlClassifierDbService:5,nsChannelClassifier:5,UrlClassifierProtocolParser:5,UrlClassifierStreamUpdater:5,UrlClassifierPrefixSet:5"     Revision as of 12:09, 15 August 2016 Note: The Safe Browsing feature in Firefox has been renamed to Phishing Protection, but it's still known as Safe Browsing internally. Download Protection and Tracking protection have their own separate pages. Contents 1 History 2 Prefs 3 Documentation 4 Engineering 4.1 Code walkthrough 5 QA 6 Telemetry 7 Links History Google Safe Browsing was an anti-phishing extension released by Google on labs.google.com in December 2005. Google has released this extension to the Mozilla Foundation under MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1 in order that it might be used as part of Firefox if desired. We've landed this change on the trunk as a global extension as of 7 March 2006. You can read the discussion that lead up to to its integration in https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=329292 Google started migrating their Safe Browsing to version 4 of the protocol in 2015. We are currently working on integrating V4 in our code base with a incremental approach. That is, we will be landing V4 patches progressively and leave the V2 stack up and running until the V4 is extensively tested and the Shavar server has been upgraded to V4. In other words, V2 and V4 will co-exist for a while to ensure we don't break Safe Browsing. See the V4 implementation plan for the milestones and bugs involved. Prefs browser.safebrowsing.blockedURIs.enabled: enable the plugin stability blocking (no override or UI) browser.safebrowsing.debug: show debugging info from the JavaScript list update code on the command line browser.safebrowsing.id: what SAFEBROWSING_ID in gethashURL and updateURL maps to browser.safebrowsing.malware.enabled: enable malware protection (includes unwanted as well) browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.gethashURL: server endpoint for completions of malware and phishing lists browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.lists: list of tables coming from the Google Safe Browsing service browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.reportURL: probably unused browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.updateURL: server endpoint for malware and phishing list updates browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.lastupdatetime: timestamp (in ms) of when the last list update happened. browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.nextupdatetime: timestamp (in ms) of when the list should next be downloaded. browser.safebrowsing.reportMalwareMistakeURL: destination for the "This isn't an attack site" button (after ignoring the interstitial warning) browser.safebrowsing.reportPhishMistakeURL: destination for the "This isn't a web forgery" button (after ignoring the interstitial warning) browser.safebrowsing.reportPhishURL: destination for the "Help | Report Web Forgery" menu item urlclassifier.blockedTable: list of tables to use for the plugin stability blocking urlclassifier.disallow_completions: list of tables for which we never call gethash urlclassifier.gethashnoise: the number of fake entries to add to any gethash calls urlclassifier.gethash.timeout_ms: the timeout after which gethash requests should be aborted urlclassifier.malwareTable: list of tables to use when looking for malware (they need to be named *-malware-* or *-unwanted-*) urlclassifier.max-complete-age: the maximum amount of time in seconds that a complete hash will be considered fresh and allowed to match urlclassifier.phishTable: list of tables to use when looking for phishing (they need to be named *-phish-*) Firefox 49 and earlier: browser.safebrowsing.enabled: enable phishing protection Firefox 50 and later: browser.safebrowsing.phishing.enabled: enable phishing protection Documentation Safe Browsing Protocol v2.2 and v4 Design Documentation Server Spec Client Spec SUMO Overview of how Safe Browsing works in Firefox Chromium design documentation Engineering Product/Component: Toolkit/Safe Browsing Tracking bug The Firefox implementation is split into a few parts: browser/components/safebrowsing/ (front-end tests) netwerk/base/nsChannelClassifier toolkit/components/url-classifier/ (includes the list manager) Local store is in: ~/.cache/mozilla/firefox/XXXX/safebrowsing/ on Linux ~/Library/Caches/Firefox/Profiles/XXXX/safebrowsing/ on Mac C:\Users\XXXX\AppData\Local\mozilla\firefox\profiles\XXXX\safebrowsing\ on Windows itisatrap.org test pages Telemetry dashboard Code walkthrough Both nsBaseChannel::Open() and nsBaseChannel::AsyncOpen() ask for the channel to be "classified" by nsChannelClassifier. There is also a local-only classification that is requested by tracking protection. The classifier determines the type of URL that it is and then returns the appropriate NS_ERROR code. That causes the channel to be cancelled with that error code. When the classification state of the page changes, the appropriate UI is shown. QA Test pages Malware, phishing, unwanted software and forbidden hard-coded test URLs Phishtank (real phishing sites) Google test pages (we don't implement: Clank Warnings, Client-side phishing detection, Bad IP Warnings) Meta QA bug Info on why certain URLs are blocked Script to dump the contents of the local store UI tests (Marionette) Mozmill test for initial list download (needs to be ported to Marionette) To turn on debugging output, export the following environment variables: MOZ_LOG_FILE=/tmp/safebrowsing.log
MOZ_LOG="UrlClassifierDbService:5,nsChannelClassifier:5,UrlClassifierProtocolParser:5,UrlClassifierStreamUpdater:5,UrlClassifierPrefixSet:5"
 and also see the browser.safebrowsing.debug pref to see debugging output from the JS pieces of Safe Browsing. Telemetry Performance URLCLASSIFIER_CL_CHECK_TIME: how long a Safe Browsing lookup took URLCLASSIFIER_CL_UPDATE_TIME: how long table updates takes URLCLASSIFIER_LOOKUP_TIME: time spent in the dbservice while doing a lookup URLCLASSIFIER_PS_CONSTRUCT_TIME: time spent constructing a PrefixSet URLCLASSIFIER_PS_FALLOCATE_TIME: time spent allocating a PrefixSet URLCLASSIFIER_PS_FILELOAD_TIME: time spent loading PrefixSet from disk Server-related URLCLASSIFIER_COMPLETE_TIMEOUT: whether or not a client timed out while contacting the gethash server URLCLASSIFIER_COMPLETE_REMOTE_STATUS: HTTP status code returned by the gethash server URLCLASSIFIER_UPDATE_REMOTE_STATUS: HTTP status code returned by the update server Database size URLCLASSIFIER_LC_COMPLETIONS: number of entries in the completion cache URLCLASSIFIER_LC_PREFIXES: number of entries in the prefix cache User interface SECURITY_UI: number of interstitial pages shown (malware, phishing, unwanted) either in a top-level page or in a frame and the number of times users click on "Ignore this warning", "Get me out of here" or "Why is this blocked?" Links Google reporting forms: Malware Phishing -- Firefox-specific Phishing error (false positive) -- Firefox-specific Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Security/Safe_Browsing&oldid=1144033" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Special Feature Inside this Special Feature Cloud Computing: Moving to IaaS IaaS in 2016: Who can challenge Amazon? IaaS: What you need to know about pricing, options, best practices Eight questions to ask before choosing an IaaS vendor Why moving piece by piece to the cloud will see businesses succeed more IaaS checklist: Best practices for picking an IaaS vendor #DisrupTV: Internet of the people, for the people Oracle Q3 takeaways: Ellison unfazed by Microsoft moves MuleSoft crosses $100 million revenue mark GE and Capital One endorse AWS at re:Invent The public versus hybrid cloud Rorschach test Common web platform to span New Zealand government Cloud failure and the flight to Amazon Part of a ZDNet Special Feature: Cloud Computing: Moving to IaaS IaaS in 2016: Who can challenge Amazon? As businesses of all sizes migrate ever more workloads to cloud-based infrastructure, we examine the dynamics of this rapidly changing market. By Charles McLellan | August 15, 2016 -- 15:19 GMT (08:19 PDT) | Topic: Cloud Computing: Moving to IaaS Image: Getty Images/iStockphoto Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) is a maturing segment of the cloud computing market. In its 2015 Cloud Computing Hype Cycle, Gartner placed IaaS on the 'Slope of Enlightenment', which is the last stage before mainstream adoption (a.k.a the Plateau of Productivity). Image: Gartner Also approaching the SoE is 'IaaS+', which provides additional services on top of basic compute, storage, and networking (such as database services and content delivery networks) but falls short of those offered by full-blown PaaS (Platform as a Service) providers. Meanwhile, 'Private IaaS' (single-tenant cloud infrastructure, hosted by a provider or on the client's premises) currently languishes in the Trough of Disillusionment. The dominant IaaS player in the public cloud is Amazon Web Services (AWS), which launched in 2006 with EC2 (compute) and S3 (storage) services. In Amazon's most recent quarterly results (Q2 2016, ended 30 June), AWS generated $2.9 billion in revenue, representing 58 percent year-on-year growth: Data: Amazon / Image: ZDNet AWS's $2.9 billion is just 9.5 percent of Amazon's total $30.4 billion revenue for Q2 2016 -- but it's a profitable segment, generating $718 million in operating income for the company. AWS's market dominance in cloud computing is based on its long track record and extensive feature set, which has given some companies the confidence to abandon traditional IT infrastructure altogether. In his keynote at the 2015 re:Invent conference last October, Andy Jassy, then senior VP (now CEO) in charge of AWS, highlighted the number and breadth of organisations that are going "all-in" on the company's cloud services. These pioneering organisations -- among them are well-known companies like Netflix, Intuit, and Juniper -- are decommissioning their private datacentres and running their businesses entirely on AWS's on-demand compute, storage, networking, and other services. Until recently, such a strategy would have been regarded as madness by most CTOs. Amazon may be the dominant public cloud infrastructure player, but there are plenty of would-be challengers, including Microsoft's Azure and Google's Cloud Platform. In its recent 2016 Magic Quadrant for Cloud Infrastructure as a Service, Gartner placed Microsoft along with Amazon in the 'Leaders' quadrant, with Google on its own in 'Visionaries' and the remaining seven providers -- including big names like Rackspace, IBM (SoftLayer), and VMware -- lumped under 'Niche Players'. Image: Gartner According to Gartner, AWS supports a broad range of use cases (including enterprise and mission-critical applications), has attracted an ecosystem of open-source tools and a network of partners, and is a mature yet agile cloud provider that's the "safe choice" for customers seeking rich functionality and a long-term market relationship. On the downside, Gartner notes that customers will require expertise (either in-house or via professional services) to get the most from AWS's multiple offerings, and that its granular price structure is complex. Microsoft, which entered the IaaS market in 2013 with Azure Infrastructure Services, is praised by Gartner for its good integration of IaaS and PaaS (Platform as a Service) components that seamlessly extend and interoperate with on-premises Microsoft infrastructure. Azure is less feature-rich and less mature than AWS, but it's growing fast and its pricing is comparable. However, Gartner notes that some enterprise-class functionality is yet to be fully implemented, documented, and supported, and that third-party Azure experts are currently limited in number. Google also entered the IaaS market in 2013, with Google Compute Engine. Gartner sees Google's ability to run technology platforms at scale -- honed on its internal operations -- as a key advantage, along with a comprehensive vision for, and experience with, the lifecycle management of cloud-native applications. Big data, analytics, machine learning, and batch computing are also key strengths. Where Google lags AWS, Microsoft is in the breadth of its feature set, which is missing some capabilities both for large organisations and startups, says Gartner. Google is also still learning to engage with enterprise and mid-market customers, according to the analyst firm. How big a pie are these and other cloud providers competing for? Gartner estimates that worldwide market for public cloud services will be worth $204 billion in 2016 -- a year-on-year growth rate of 16.5 percent. Although at $22.4 billion, IaaS represents only 11 percent of the cloud computing total, and it is the fastest-growing segment, with a growth rate of 38.4 percent. Data: Gartner / Images: ZDNet In a statement, Gartner analyst Sid Nag noted that "IaaS continues to be the strongest-growing segment as enterprises move away from data center build-outs and move their infrastructure needs to the public cloud... Certain market leaders have built a significant lead in this segment, so providers should focus on creating differentiation for success." RightScale's State of the Cloud surveys To get a picture of how the cloud computing industry has developed in recent years, it's worth examining the annual State of the Cloud surveys -- mostly canvassing IT pros in medium-sized to large tech companies in North America -- conducted by cloud portfolio management company RightScale. (For more on RightScale's State of the Cloud surveys, see this article on ZDNet's sister site Tech Pro Research.) ​HP beefs up Helion cloud with Eucalyptus for AWS and new OpenStack versions HP's first release of the open-source Eucalyptus cloud manager appears as part of its Helion enterprise cloud product line, together with OpenStack updates. Read More When asked about the perceived benefits of moving workloads to the cloud, the number-one advantage, cited by 62 percent of respondents in the 2016 survey, was 'Faster access to infrastructure'. This was also the largest increase over the 2015 survey, up from 57 percent. Next came 'Greater scalability' (58 percent), 'Higher availability' (52 percent), and 'Faster time to market' (52 percent -- the second largest increase from 2015, up from 48 percent). Interestingly, cost-related issues -- 'Move capex to opex', 'IT staff efficiency', and 'Cost savings' -- propped up the 2016 benefits table, all being cited by less than 40 percent of respondents. This finding supports the first of Gartner's Top 10 Cloud Myths -- namely that "Cloud Is Always About Money". Security concerns are often given as a reason to be wary of the cloud, and indeed were the No. 1 challenge reported in RightScale's 2014 and 2015 surveys. In 2016, however, security was overtaken by 'Lack of resources/expertise', which moved from joint last to first place in the 'Cloud challenges' list between 2014 and 2016. Again, this supports a Gartner Cloud Myth (#6) -- that "Cloud is less secure than on-premises capabilities". Other fast-rising cloud challenges reported by RightScale are 'Managing multiple cloud services' and 'Managing costs' -- noticeably operational rather than early-stage adoption headaches. A lot of cloud computing services are bought to support 'agile' IT -- to develop and run new cloud-native apps and trial various digital transformation projects. This trend is evident in the rise of DevOps and containerisation in RightScale's surveys: DevOps adoption rose rapidly, from 54 percent in 2013 to 74 percent in 2016, and it's more prevalent in enterprises (81 percent adoption in 2016 versus 70 percent for small- to mid-sized businesses). However, only 21 percent of enterprises have adopted DevOps company-wide: 31 percent adopt it at the business unit/division level, while 29 percent restrict it to projects or teams. As far as DevOps tools are concerned, Chef and Puppet have ruled the roost to date, with Docker, in particular, hard on their heels (in the 2016 survey, an additional 35 percent of respondents 'plan to use' Docker, compared to 19 percent and 18 percent for Chef and Puppet, respectively). Also beginning to make their presence felt in RightScale's recent surveys are container orchestration tools such as Kubernetes, Swarm, and Mesosphere. When it comes to public cloud providers, it's no surprise to find AWS way out front in RightScale's surveys, with 57 percent of respondents running some applications on AWS in 2016. Data: RightScale / Image: ZDNet/Tech Pro Research However, Microsoft's Azure is making headway, showing the most growth between 2014 and 2016. The most recent survey also shows that a higher percentage of organisations are experimenting with or planning to use Azure services. The impression that Azure is gaining on AWS is strengthened by some recent Morgan Stanley research, reported by GeekWire, which found that 31 percent of the survey sample expected to be using Azure IaaS by 2019 versus 30 percent planning to be using AWS. The respective 2016 figures were 12 percent and 21 percent: Image: Morgan Stanley Before reading too much into this, it's worth noting the small survey population -- just 100 CIOs (75 in the US, 25 in Europe). Bimodal IT & cloud migration We noted above that 'agile' IT projects tend to take a DevOps approach, using an array of cloud-native techniques such as containers and orchestration tools. Such innovative 'digital transformation' projects drive a lot of IaaS business, but -- as AWS CEO Andy Jassy pointed out in his 2015 re:Invent keynote -- organisations are increasingly moving to the next stage, which is "all in" on cloud infrastructure. This means moving core business systems to the cloud, and not just innovative or exploratory projects. Gartner calls this a 'bimodal' approach to the cloud and documents a range of characteristics for each mode: Image: Gartner Of course, the real world is messier than this simplified binary scheme, and as Gartner analyst David Mitchell Smith puts it: "At the end of the day, you have to look at each workload separately." In the 'Agile' world, the latest development is 'serverless computing' -- which doesn't mean that servers are no longer involved, but rather that DevOps teams no longer need to worry about them. The idea is that 'events' of some kind -- data flowing from IoT devices is a common example -- can be set up to trigger a response from the cloud provider, which automatically provisions the necessary infrastructure for as long as it's required. In effect, DevOps teams are outsourcing the 'Ops' function to the cloud provider. How AWS Lambda works. Image: Amazon Amazon kicked off this market, announcing its AWS Lambda service in November 2014 and gaining a head-start over the competition. Google Cloud Functions appeared in February 2016 and remains in 'alpha', while Microsoft's Azure Functions -- which can be deployed on-premises as well as in the public cloud -- was announced at Build 2016 in March and is also currently in preview mode. Outlook Amazon (AWS) still dominates the cloud infrastructure market and is probably the 'go-to' option for many organisations seeking a public cloud solution. However, Azure is gaining momentum and will appeal particularly to businesses with existing on-premises datacentres built on Microsoft's server software stack. Google has some catching up to do against the two market leaders, but is clearly the 'one to watch'. Going forward, we can expect plenty of hype and vendor dynamics centred around containers and container orchestration, serverless computing and the various sub-flavours of cloud infrastructure -- IaaS+ and private IaaS. If you're confused about which cloud is the best home for your workloads, RightScale's free-to-use Cloud Comparison tool, which is updated quarterly, is a good place to start. Read more about cloud computing Stop saying the cloud is just someone else's computer - because it's not Where AWS is headed: Every function as a managed cloud service AWS Lambda garners interest, production workloads as serverless world evolves Microsoft releases preview of new Azure 'serverless compute' service to take on AWS Lambda Infrastructure as a service cloud computing revenue to surge by 2020 Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Rackspace is opening a new data centre in Germany Cloud Outlook not syncing? Microsoft says it's rolling out a fix after lengthy disruption CXO CIO lessons from 9/11: Resiliency, recovery, and cloud computing Windows 10 Windows 10 tip: Keep your Microsoft account secure with 2-factor authentication × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google restricts Keyword planner, quality score changes & more Barry Schwartz on August 15, 2016 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google officially throttling Keyword Planner data for low spending AdWords accounts Aug 13, 2016 by Greg Finn Not a big AdWords spender? You may notice a lack of data in your Keyword Planner account. Google adds Export to Report Editor option in AdWords Aug 15, 2016 by Ginny Marvin Users no longer have to generate Report Editor reports from scratch or rely on predefined options. The secret to writing awesome local content Aug 15, 2016 by Greg Gifford Great content is essential for success in local SEO, but unfortunately, a lot of local business websites are sorely lacking in this area. Columnist Greg Gifford shares his advice on how to write excellent website copy for local SEO. ‘Omnichannel’ may never catch on, but it’s the next big thing for local Aug 15, 2016 by Wesley Young Wesley Young of the Local Search Association provides 5 tips to create a seamless search-to-purchase experience for your local business. Google will soon report null Quality Scores for new & low-activity keywords Aug 15, 2016 by Ginny Marvin The null replaces the current default Quality Score of 6 for new keywords. Check out my BIG SMX East Preview. Then register & save! Aug 15, 2016 by Chris Sherman Search Engine Land’s SMX East is every SEO and SEM’s dream: a tactic-packed agenda, more than 100 dynamic and authoritative speakers, keynotes, exceptional networking, and more. If you’re involved in SEO, SEM, PR, social media or any other customer-facing activity, you owe it to yourself (and your company or client’s bottom line) to attend. The SMX […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: [WATCH] Marketing Land Live #24: Twitter’s abuse problem, Facebook News Feed changes & more Using popular culture to drive local positioning Microsoft, Salesforce among first certified companies under US-EU Privacy Shield Keyword-driven ASO: a quick primer Why every digital advertiser should demand transparency Designing dashboards people will actually use MarTech Today: CRM for ad agencies, Facebook Video Metrics & AMP Ad Landing Pages Twitter turns stickers into ads for brands but won’t say how it’s charging for them Blab shuts down its live video platform Search News From Around The Web: Local & Maps Apple Maps transit coverage comes to San Antonio & Dallas Fort-Worth, appleinsider.com Link Building Introduction to Link Building – Chapter One, Ignite Visibility Searching Google Adds New "People Also Ask" Carousel to Desktop Search Results, thesempost.com Google Testing AMP For Web Pages In The Wild, Search Engine Roundtable SEO Did Google Boosts HTTPS Ranking Signal? Nope But More HTTPS Results In Top Ten., Search Engine Roundtable Google To Support Schema.org Version 3.1 Soon?, Search Engine Roundtable How to Become a Marketer Who’s Obsessed with Metrics, quicksprout.com Should You Implement AMP Pages on Your Site?, Builtvisible User Experience and Content Quality Are Part of SEO, Stone Temple What Is Time To First Byte, And How To Improve It, Search Engine People SEM / Paid Search Changes to quality score in AdWords scripts, Google Ads Developer Blog Enhancing Protection of Endangered Animals, Bing Ads Blog Google Expands Deal Labels To Knowledge Graph, serptests.com New Cross-Device Reports And Benchmarks, PPC Hero About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 7 Major Mistakes That Will Derail Your CMS Project 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success What’s Inside the Always-On Brain 10 Ways You Can Use Reviews to Make Your Job Easier See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Facebook Inc: FB Stock Targeting Lucrative TV Ads Facebook does a good business in advertising, but it could do better By Aman Jain, ValueWalk  |  Aug 15, 2016, 3:08 pm EST     Popular Posts: Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Will Be a Holiday 2016 Gold Mine Facebook Inc Warning: Slower Growth Means Lower FB Target Price Recent Posts: Facebook Inc Insider Stock Sales Pile Up (FB) Muni Bonds Are a Key to Making America Great Again Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Stock Is a Long-Term Crowd Pleaser View All Posts Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) collects less than 5% of the $500 billion spent on advertising annually. The social media giant must dominate emotional ads, a segment that made television the world’s dominant marketing force, and the precision type of ads that built Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) to achieve the dreams of founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg, according to The Seattle Times. Good at One So far, FB stock has cracked the second half of the equation by following in the footsteps of Google and locking down “direct response” advertising. For instance, if someone has a store in California that sells books, then he/she would want to find people who are in the market for purchasing books. If someone types “books California” into Google, the the store can then pay to show its link. 9 Stocks to Buy That Will Sprint Past Everything Else Direct response ads make up a large portion of online advertising as they make it easy for companies to find people who are looking for exactly what they are selling. Facebook is good at this type of advertising as well because people tell the social networking site who they are and what they like. But is dominating direct response ads (along with Google) enough for the social networking giant? No. FB Stock Needs to Dominate This Lucrative Segment Also On TV commercials, around $200 billion is spent annually, mostly on branded advertising. Brand ads, for instance, include commercials of smiling families traveling by an Audi through a mountain range, the report says. Brand ads make up a large part of advertising apart from the internet. Also they are lucrative. According to analysis from Bloomberg Intelligence, the average price to reach 1,000 people with a prime-time TV ad in 2015 was $50. In comparison, the ad price on Facebook was $5, the report says. FB stock wants these brand ads desperately. The social media giant is like the Super Bowl every night for advertisers and their $500 billion in annual spending, said Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook’s Chief Operating Officer. This could be wrong though, the report says, adding that more than 1.1 billion people use the social network daily, and around 110 million users watch the Super Bowl telecast. Home Depot Inc: Earnings Will Make HD Stock a Market-Beater Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG), the world’s biggest advertiser, told The Wall Street Journal that it found targeting niches like teenage shavers on Facebook generated too narrow an audience for P&G brands, which needs to sell millions of Gillette razors and bottles of Tide. P&G said it would not spend less money on the social media giant, but it and some other big advertisers appear to be falling back towards TV. More From InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks That Really Crank Out the Cash 7 Tech Stocks That Will Pop 10% or More Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/tv-ads-facebook-fb-stock/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A Comprehensive Report Of Google's Driverless Car Project Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 15, 2016 3:08pm   Comments Share: Trip Chowdhry of Global Equities Research has been keeping a close eye on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s driverless car project, which is spearheaded by Alphabet's Google unit. Google began working on a self-driving car in 2009, with the objective of making transportation safer, easier and more enjoyable. The company noted that over 1.2 million lives are lost to traffic accidents across the world every year, and this figure could be lowered through self-driving cars. Chowdhry noted that in addition to improving roadway safety, self-driving cars can also reduce traffic and also offer transportation alternatives to the blind, elderly and others living with a condition that would make driving impossible. Related Link: Could We Have Flying Cars Before Driverless Ones? Google expanded its efforts in 2011 and modified existing vehicles, including the Lexus RX450h, for highway driving. A prototype was then announced in 2014 and is now being tested on public roads across Nevada, Florida, California and Michigan. Today, Google's self-driving car uses radar, laser and camera sensors for a 360-degree field of view that extends the length of two football fields. The car also makes use of "semantic understanding" to better understand its environment and how to handle potential dangerous situations. In fact, Google can use data from a dangerous situation involving just one of its cars to "train" its entire fleet of how to handle similar situations. So far, Google's self-driving cars have logged 1.8 million miles, which is the equivalent of 108 years on the road. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: Global Equities Research Google Google Autonomous Car Google Self Driving CarAnalyst Color Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GOOG + GOOGL) Which FANG Stocks Should You Buy In the Trump Era? Vetr Crowd Thinks AMD Is Running Hot Apple Isn't Massively Benefiting From Samsung Note 7 Recall, But Google Pixel Is Dutch Auction Tender Offers Explained Exclusive: CanPay CEO Presents New Debit Payment Solution For Marijuana Industry RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks FANG Trade And Other Tech Stocks View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 MDT, ROKA: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 URBN, JACK: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 DRYS, LC: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Targe... 5 AXON, DE: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-... 6 PANW, CUDA: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity F... 7 BABA, SCTY: President-Elect Trump... 1 MSFT, HPE: Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining... 2 URBN: Urban Outfitters Cooks Up A Q3 Miss, Inventory High Going Into Q4 3 GWPH: Concerns Over GW Pharma's Epilepsy Drug-On-Drug Interactio... 4 MGEE, MTW: Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheim... 5 ITG, TFSL: 8 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Friday,... 6 CSCO, HPE: Expect Hewlett Packard Enterprise Sh... 7 P: Pandora Is Still A Show-Me Story View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Vertex Pharmaceuticals' Phase 3 Studies Offer Ample Opportunity For Upside How To Read And Trade An Options Alert
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > FCC filings for HTC Nexus Sailfish and Marlin spill wireless info, model numbers FCC filings for HTC Nexus Sailfish and Marlin spill wireless info, model numbers August 15, 2016 Alex Wagner 9 Comments One day after the upcoming Nexus Sailfish was shown off in leaked photos, more details about it and its Marlin sibling have surfaced. The FCC filings for what’s likely the Sailfish and Marlin have been discovered. Perhaps the most notable tidbit about the filings is the Draft User Manual section, which include a letter from HTC Project Manager Sean Shih. The letter says that the final user guides for the devices “will be made publicly available on Google’s website (http://support.google.com/nexus) at the time the product is commercially released.” The letters come from HTC and they say that the final user guides for both devices will be available on Google’s Nexus support site, suggesting that HTC is indeed behind the 2016 Nexus phones. Meanwhile, the SAR Reports for both of these devices say that they’re smartphones and also include a list of the wireless bands that they support. Here’s that full list: Finally, the FCC labels for both phones confirm their model numbers. They are G-2PW2100 and G-2PW4100. It’s unclear which is the Sailfish and which is the Marling, but it’s possible that the Sailfish is G-2PW2100 and the Marlin has the higher G-2PW4100 model number since it’s slightly higher-end. There’s nothing terribly surprising revealed in these FCC filings; not only have several reports have already suggested that HTC will be making this year’s Nexus handsets, but the recent Nexus phones have supported a wide range of wireless bands so that they work across carriers and Google’s Project Fi service. Still, it’s nice to get this info from the FCC since it adds credence to the previous leaks. If you’d like to check out the FCC filings for yourself, you can find them here and here. Via: Droid-Life Sources: FCC (1), (2) Tags: FCC, Google, HTC, Nexus Marlin, Nexus Sailfish About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Fluent in whisk(e)y, video games, and phones. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← Alcatel TRU arrives at MetroPCS with Android and $29 price tag T-Mobile’s LG V20 launch plans and pre-order gifts reportedly leak → illstplaya . There’s really no information here except that HTC is making the phones which isn’t news anyway. MisterSuperGod True, though it does show bands 2, 4 and 12 are in there… illstplaya . Well why wouldn’t they be there? MisterSuperGod Just because you and i know about the supported bands doesn’t mean everyone reading this article will know. Guest No 3xca for sprint. LOLOL sucks to be you :P #getarealcarrier Jose No front facing speakers no buy rosa_mcguire I basically get paid around 6.000-8.000 dollars monthly with my online job. For those of you who are looking to work basic at home jobs for few h every day at your house and earn valuable income in the same time… This is a gig for you… SELF59.COM TJ Ninneman Ah, where is band 20? That’s a huge omission for anyone using these devices in Europe. stacey.hill I currently make approximately 6-8 thousand bucks /month working online. For those of you who are looking to do basic at home work for 2h-5h daily at your house and get valuable income for doing it… This is an opportunity for you… TR.IM/SEG8g Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Pokémon Go 'Nearby' feature expands as Ditto makes first appearance Nextbit Robin receives Android 7.0 Nougat beta update Verizon Black Friday deals include discounts on Google Pixel phones, Google Home Alcatel Idol 4S on sale for $349.99 Google Pixel update hitting some phones, adds two new Moves Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 update now rolling out T-Mobile offering free flagship phones from Apple, Samsung, and LG for Black Friday Android And Me Google has released one final update Verizon begins Black Friday deals on Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth DEAL: Alcatel Idol 4S selling for $349 The Sony Xperia XZ gets a $74 price Google announces $99 sale on Google TodaysiPhone KGI: ‘all-glass’ 2017 iPhone will DirecTV is now on board with Single MacBook Pros with Touch Bar begin shipping New malicious video will cause any iOS Apple teases its ‘one-day shopping Phil Schiller reiterates why the new Review: HiRise 2 Deluxe, the best dock About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for ajc.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on AJC.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Our Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC.com Get Atlanta's News Now AJC access ATL Find Fun Things to Do myAJC Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper Read Today's Paper AJC Jobs Contact Us 62 20 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 62 20 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home NEWS close subnav open subnav All News News Video 2016 Election Local News Education Business Politics Technology Nation & World Crime & Safety Offbeat Atlanta Weather NEWS BLOGS AJC Investigations Political Insider Get Schooled IN THE NEWS Atlanta Watering Restrictions Traffic: Construction Alert Ga. Public School Ratings Atlanta Gas Prices SPORTS close subnav open subnav All Sports Braves Falcons Hawks High Schools Georgia Tech Georgia Colleges UGA / DawgNation SEC Country Sports Video SPORTS BLOGS Recruiting Falcons Hawks IN THE NEWS Sports Scores Golf NASCAR DOCTORS & SEX ABUSE close subnav open subnav All Doctors & Sex Abuse State-by-State For Patients Explore the Project About the Project DOCTORS INVESTIGATIONS ARTICLES Broken System Docs Get Therapy, not Jail Arrested but Still Practicing Which Doctors Abuse? How Many Cases? One Repeat Offender Abused while Sedated Doctors Excuses Undercover Agent Nabs Doc Pediatrician Accused NEIGHBORHOOD close subnav open subnav All Neighborhood Newcomer's Guide Buckhead Decatur Buford Peachtree City Gwinnett County Intown Atlanta Marietta Roswell Sandy Springs Smyrna COUNTY NEWS Clayton County Cobb County DeKalb County Gwinnett County IN THE NEWS Living Northside Living Intown LIFE close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrities Home & Garden Weddings & Celebrations Health Travel Parenting Movies & TV Home Design Ideas Arts & Culture Food & Drink Music LIFE BLOGS Best of Atlanta Atlanta Restaurants Atlanta Shopping IN THE NEWS Black History Games AJC Peachtree Road Race Atlanta Holiday Guide THINGS TO DO close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Holiday Guide Events in Atlanta Best of Atlanta Arts & Culture Movie Showtimes Radio & TV Food & Drink Music Shopping Latest Video Games Blogs Atlanta Restaurants Music Scene Arts & Culture In the News Upcoming Movies Living Intown: BeltLine Horoscopes MORE close subnav open subnav Newsletters Customer Care Contact the AJC Shopping Games Obituaries Homefinder AJC Jobs AJC Cars Kudzu Celebrating Nurses AJC Cup AJC ePaper Today's Buzz Buzz Blog Radio & TV Talk News to Me Inside AJC Movie Theaters Atlanta's Top Workplaces Find a Garage Sale 62 Atlanta, GA  30303 20 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Homefinder Atlanta Jobs Find A Car Classifieds Obituaries Family-placed Notices Contact Us/Subscribe Customer Care Advertise With Us Digital Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Google Fiber wants to go completely wireless 0 Google Fiber wants to go completely wireless 0 Lindsey Pulse 2:27 p.m Monday, Aug. 15, 2016 National/World News 0 Google Fiber was supposed to be a beacon of light in a world full of slow internet speeds, but things aren't going quite like the company planned. The Wall Street Journal reported that Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc., said digging up streets in areas that need service has been much more costly and time consuming than initially expected. And that's a problem for a company that wants to bring high-speed internet to the masses. So here's how the company is fixing it: a completely wire-free connection, which means no more digging up people's yards to lay down fiber-optic cables. The push toward wireless means that Google is joining the ranks of telecommunications company AT&T, which expects to conduct testing for its wireless connection later this year. >> Read more trending stories   In the meantime, Google is asking cities and power companies to build the networks themselves, rather than having to come out and plant the lines. So far, Google Fiber is available only in six metropolitan areas across the U.S., with plans to bring the service to five more. View Comments 0 Sign up for e-newsletters Want more news? Sign up for free e-newsletters to get more of AJC delivered to your inbox. Most Read After Trump win, Atlanta’s Emory University considers ‘sanctuary campus’ | Political Insider blog Driving for Thanksgiving Day? Get out of Atlanta now Report: Computer experts urged Clinton to challenge election results | Jamie Dupree - AJC Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 62 30303 20 Most Read After Trump win, Atlanta’s Emory University considers ‘sanctuary campus’ | Political Insider blog Driving for Thanksgiving Day? Get out of Atlanta now Report: Computer experts urged Clinton to challenge election results | Jamie Dupree - AJC Things To Do Add Event + See More More from ajc.com Topics News Sports Neighborhoods Life Things to do Blogs More Falcons Players Falcons worked out on Monday News All of the dogs posted at these popular Atlanta restaurants have been adopted 5 things to do on Thanksgiving in Atlanta Life Fugees’ Luma Mufleh named one of CNN’s top 10 heroes High Schools Class AAAA quarterfinal games High Schools Class AAAAA games in the quarterfinals Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports life neighborhoods shop things to do Shortcuts ajc obituaries family-placed notices classifieds homefinder atlanta jobs find your car manage your profile contact us customer care advertise with us digital products Partners find & save coupons kudzu savings.com valpak myajc Fun game center Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic sitemap Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest PRODUCTS From The Atlanta Journal-Constitution AJC.com - Get Atlanta's News Now AJC Access Atlanta - Find Fun Things to Do myAJC - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper - Read Today's Paper Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Cult of Mac News How-To Reviews App Business Deals Buyback Podcast Magazine Sell your old iPad to us for a special Black Friday trade-in iPhone app gives treasured photos new life [Review] Amazon could bring live sports streaming to Prime subscribers Best iPhone 7 Plus cases under $25 [Reviews] Liveblog: Best Black Friday deals 2016, including $100 off new MacBook Pro Name your price to become a coding pro [Deals] Everything that’s new in Final Cut Pro X 10.3 Today in Apple history: Toy Story arrives in theaters MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now shipping in the U.K. and Europe Apple teases one-day shopping event for Black Friday Google is developing a new operating system for everything By Buster Hein • 10:41 am, August 15, 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter CoA News Google's new operating system takes its name from colors. Photo: Google A brand new operating system with a colorful name is currently under development at Google, according to a new project page found on GitHub. Google hasn’t officially acknowledged that it’s working on the project, but the new operating system could possibly replace Chrome OS and Android by being able to run on pretty much everything. Google dubbed its new operating system “Fuchsia.” Unlike Android and Chrome, it doesn’t use the Linux kernel at all. The GitHub page discovered by AndroidPolice simply teases “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System).” Even though Fuchsia hasn’t been officially announced, Google employee Brian Swetland confirmed that the Android maker is behind it, saying “the decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning. Things will eventually be public, documented and announced, just not yet.” For the user interface, Google is using Flutter along with Dart as the primary language. Renders are created with Escher for the visual effects with OpenGL. Fuchsia is being developed with a brand new OS and kernel that will be optimized for embedded devices like car dashboards and GPS units, but also contain support for smartphones and PCs. Based on some early digging into the project, it looks like Material Design could also be included in some way. Instead of completely replacing Chrome OS and Android, Google may use Fuchsia as a lightweight OS that could compete with the likes of ThreadX, FreeRTOS and Samsung’s Tizen. Posted in: CoA, NewsTagged: Android, Chrome, Chrome OS, Dart, Escher, Flutter, Fuchsia, GPS, iOS, Linux, Tizen About the author: Buster Hein is a freelance writer who lives in Phoenix, Arizona. Twitter: @bst3r. Deals of the Day See all deals UZ Oh shit. lauriewhite I get paid approximately 6.000-8.000 bucks a month doing an online job. Those who are looking to complete easy freelance work for 2-5 h /day from your house and get good paycheck while doing it… Then this work opportunity is for you… SELF30.COM AJE Why oh shit ? UZ Because this is the start. It’s been the obvious missing link in the Google world: one OS. They’ll never compete on a full PC in terms of OS, but they’ll take over the mobile world, including Chromebooks, which will give just about everyone a good run for their money. And Material is a really neat UI, in some aspects better than Apple’s. So, oh shit. Watch this space. Larry Fulkner Hmm….believe it when I see it. I felt this way when material design was first introduced. It’s sounding like more of the same to me. “Open Source” open OS, like Android. The real and only important question I have is, can they manage to get the type of developer devotion that Apple has been able to gain over the years with IOS. Like… Tons of developers implementing any new features anounced by Apple, the day of the OS’s release. IDK, Well have to see. NEDEWS Will it run on fat feminists ? News How-To Reviews App Business Deals Buyback Podcast Magazine About Advertising Privacy Most popular Latest Posts Deal of the Day See all the latest Cult of Mac Deals. News How-To Reviews App Business Deals Buyback Podcast Magazine About Advertising Privacy x Please enable JavaScript to view thecomments powered by Disqus.
null
null
Trending: App Dev Cloud Data Center Mobile Open Source Security Deep Dives Reviews Resources/White Papers Search infoworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Why a cross-platform Microsoft is good for your business SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Review: Spark lights up machine learning More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Analytics All Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence Application Development All Application Development Java JavaScript Node.js Careers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Storage IaaS PaaS SaaS Collaboration Databases All Databases Hadoop NoSQL Datacenters All Datacenters Devops Disaster Recovery Systems Management Hardware Internet of Things Mobile All Mobile Android BYOD Mobile Apps Mobile Development Mobile Management iOS Networking All Networking Internet SDN Wi-Fi Open Source Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux MacOS Microsoft Windows Security Software All Software Browsers Desktop Software Office Software Storage Virtualization See All Technologies News Blogs Reviews Tech Watch Insider articles Newsletters Deep Dives Slideshows Video Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile Android IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Eye on Open By Jim Lynch star Thought Leader |Follow Will Google replace Android with Fuchsia? Also in today's open source roundup: Is it wrong to run Microsoft software in Linux? And DistroWatch reviews Zenwalk Linux 8.0 InfoWorld | Aug 15, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Google More like this Google’s new Fuchsia OS may take over the IoT Is Linux Mint 18 the best desktop operating system? Which Android problems annoy you the most? Video Hands-On with the Galaxy S6 Edge+ Will Google replace Android with Fuchsia? Android is one of the most widely used operating systems in the world. But never let it be said that Google is content to rest on past achievements. The company has been hard at work on a new operating system call Fuchsia, and some are wondering if it will eventually replace Android. Corbin Davenport reports for Android Police: Enter “Fuchsia.” Google’s own description for it on the project’s GitHub page is simply, “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)”. Not very revealing, is it? When you begin to dig deeper into Fuchsia’s documentation, everything starts to make a little more sense. First, there’s the Magenta kernel based on the ‘LittleKernel’ project. Just like with Linux and Android, the Magenta kernel powers the larger Fuchsia operating system. Magenta is being designed as a competitor to commercial embedded OSes, such as FreeRTOS or ThreadX. It looks like Google is using Flutter for the user interface, as well as Dart as the primary programming language. The icing on the cake is Escher, a renderer that supports light diffusion, soft shadows, and other visual effects, with OpenGL or Vulkan under the hood. Shadows and subtle color reflections are a key component of Material Design, so it seems Flutter and Escher could be designed for the Material Design UI in mind. So, why? Why is Google quietly developing a brand new OS and kernel, with support for smartphones and PCs, possibly built with Material Design in mind? The most obvious guess, and the most exciting, is that Google hopes to one day replace Chrome OS and Android with Fuchsia. But perhaps Google will treat Fuchsia like Samsung treats Tizen OS; a lightweight OS used on hardware not suited for full-blown Android. Google’s collection of embedded hardware, such as the OnHub router and Google Home, is growing. Perhaps Fuchsia is only being developed for devices like these? More at Android Police The news about Fuchsia caught the attention of folks on the Linux subreddit and they shared their thoughts: Whazor: “I have read on hacker news that is is mainly focussed on VR (that needs low latency). With a comment suggesting that it could be a real time OS, which would in my opinion be a logical choice not to use Linux.” TehSViN: “Meeeeeh, seing how they treated the linux kernel when they created android i doubt this will be any good.” Reallukenukem: “Afaik, they didn’t create Android, they purchased the company that did.” Hvsmacker: “Using Linux kernel has the benefit of being really versatile in terms of supported hardware. With their custom kernel, how are they planning to support a variety of hardware platforms? They’ll have to go along the Apple’s way, where the system is tied to a narrow spectrum of their own solutions.” Cloudfreak: “They couldn’t get the market share without android. Now they have it and can go Apple’s way. Google phone is in progress, I’ve heard.” Hvsmacker: “But they didn’t get the market share themselves. It was Samsung, LG, HTC, and numerous other companies who all built various stuff, I presume, specifically exploiting the fact that android ran on a wide range of hardware.” Pythagoreametronome: “It would be nice if there was a third Operating System that could really compete with Microsoft (besides Apple and Linux) in the desktop space. If anyone can do it, google probably has the deepest pockets and best chance to be successful. I know: nobody really cares about desktops anymore. Even so, I am looking forward to it.” Gustl: “Almost any android phone uses drivers customized for a particular chipset written by the phone manufacturer. That’s why many android phones are stuck on older android versions, because the custom drivers are not updated by the manufacturer. The situation will likely be similar for the new fuchsia OS. All google needs to do is convince the manufacturers that writing drivers for fuchsia is similar to writing drivers for android-linux-kernels.” Mccplusplus: “No problem. It will be released with a FOSS license, we can steal their code :)” More at Reddit Is it wrong to run Microsoft software in Linux? Microsoft has always had an…er…challenging relationship with the Linux community. In recent years the company has made an effort to become more Linux-friendly, but there is still quite a bit of mistrust of Microsoft by many in the Linux community. One writer at CIO has wondered if it’s socially acceptable to run Microsoft products in Linux. Swapnil Bhartiya reports for CIO: Whenever I write about Microsoft’s change in attitude toward Linux, I get pushback from a segment of the Linux user community. That makes me wonder if it’s really ‘okay’ to use Microsoft products on Linux. If not, why? In my view, Linux is just a piece of technology that has championed the open source development model. It’s neither an ideology nor a philosophy, unlike free software. Linux is a platform like macOS and Windows. The more software runs on a platform, the richer it will be. I believe that by discouraging or denouncing Microsoft products on Linux, we will weaken Linux as a platform. I use primarily open source products because I find them to be technically superior to their non-free counterparts. Let me give you an example of what I use on my MacBook. There is a huge set of apps that can be used on macOS, but I use Chrome/Firefox for web browsing; Thunderbird for email; LibreOffice as my office suite; VLC and Tomahawk as media players; Transmission as torrent client; Vienna 3 as the RSS reader. All of these are open source products. So, yes, I will encourage Microsoft and other proprietary companies to bring their products and services to Linux. I will also encourage them to open source their products. For me, the bottom line is that I would rather use a Linux machine running some Microsoft or Adobe products than use a proprietary OS to use a few non-free apps that I need. More at CIO DistroWatch reviews Zenwalk Linux 8.0 Slackware has much to offer Linux users, but it can also be a bit much for newbies or even just casual Linux users. Zenwalk Linux is based on Slackware and makes it more accessible for less technical users. DistroWatch has a full review of Zenwalk Linux 8.0. Jesse Smith reports for DistroWatch: On the positive side of things, I like that Zenwalk trims down the software installed by default. A full installation of Zenwalk requires about two-thirds of the disk space a full installation of Slackware consumes. This is reflected in Zenwalk’s focused “one-app-per-task” approach which I feel makes it easier to find things. Zenwalk requires relatively little memory (a feature it shares with Slackware) and, with PulseAudio’s plugin removed, consumes very few CPU cycles. One more feature I like about this distribution is the fact Zenwalk includes LibreOffice, a feature I missed when running pure Slackware. On the other hand, I ran into a number of problems with Zenwalk. The dependency problems which annoyed me while running Slackware were present in Zenwalk too. To even get a working text editor I needed to have development libraries installed. To make matters worse, the user needs a text editor to enable the package manager to install development libraries. It’s one of those circular problems that require the user to think outside the box (or re-install with all software packages selected). Other issues I had were more personal. For example, I don’t like window transparency or small fonts. These are easy to fix, but it got me off on the wrong foot with Zenwalk. I do want to acknowledge that while my first two days with Zenwalk were mostly spent fixing things, hunting down dependencies and tweaking the desktop to suit my tastes, things got quickly better. By the end of the week I was enjoying Zenwalk’s performance, its light nature and its clean menus. I may have had more issues with Zenwalk than Slackware in the first day or so, but by the end of the week I was enjoying using Zenwalk more for my desktop computing. In the end, I feel as though Zenwalk is a more focused flavour of Slackware. The Slackware distribution is multi-purpose, at least as suited for servers as desktops. Slackware runs on more processor architectures, has a live edition and can dump a lot of software on our hard disk. Zenwalk is more desktop focused, with fewer packages and perhaps a nicer selection of applications. The two are quite similar, but Slackware has a broader focus while Zenwalk is geared to desktop users who value performance. More at DistroWatch Did you miss a roundup? Check the Eye On Open home page to get caught up with the latest news about open source and Linux. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To comment on this article and other InfoWorld content, visit InfoWorld's LinkedIn page, Facebook page and Twitter stream. Related: Android Mobile Linux Open Source Jim Lynch is a technology analyst and online community manager. Jim has written for many leading industry publications over the years. The opinions expressed in this blog are those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of InfoWorld, ITworld, CIO.com, IDG Communications, or their parent, subsidiary or affiliated companies. From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Most Read 10 reasons you shouldn't upgrade to Windows 10 You may still be better off sticking with Win7 or Win8.1, given the wide range of ongoing Win10... The case against Windows 10 Anniversary Update grows Microsoft releases KB 3161647, KB 3161608 to fix slow Windows 7 update scans Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews, and analyses on your favorite technology topics. Get our InfoWorld Daily Newsletter: Go Windows 10 upgrade stuck at 99 percent? Here are your options Now that we're down to the wire, many upgraders report that the installer hangs. If this happens to... 2 easy steps to speed up Windows 7 Update scans Based on a technique created by a German blogger, here's how to stop wasting hours checking for Windows... Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native Video/Webcast Sponsored Our DevOps Journey: Transforming 6 Month Waterfalls to 1 Hour Code Deploys eBook Sponsored 10 Critical Requirements for Optimizing Application Delivery Go Top Stories First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last Xamarin-inspired IDE will allow C# and F# programmers to develop for iOS, Mac, and Android on a single... Disney's best releases may be its open source tools From animation to MacOS admin tools, the animation giant opens up Why Amazon picked MXNet for deep learning Amazon plans to further develop this compact and versatile machine learning framework. Hosting it at... NativeScript deepens ties to Angular 2 The JavaScript framework's 2017 road map includes accommodations for Chrome tools and Windows 10 Sponsored Links Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? InfoWorld Follow us Analytics Application Development Careers Cloud Computing Collaboration Databases Datacenters Hardware Internet of Things Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Software Storage Virtualization News Blogs Reviews Insider Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 InfoWorld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition See the First Trailer for Martin Scorsese’s Highly Anticipated Silence Done With Tinder? Try ‘Sindr,’ the Vatican’s New Confession Finder App Amber Heard Is Being Sued for $10 Million by the Producers of London Fields The Freak City-Wide Outbreak of Asthma That Overwhelmed Melbourne ‘Could Have Been Predicted’ President Obama Pokes Fun at Michael Jordan Over Crying Meme and Space Jam Brad Pitt, Marion Cotillard and the Long History of the Rumor Mill at the Box Office Review: With Allied, the Old-School Wartime Melodrama Enters the Modern Age What Is an Emolument? Donald Trump Has People Talking About This Part of the Constitution Donald Trump and the Epidemiology of Hate Chance the Rapper, John Legend and More Celebs Share Support for Kanye West After Hospitalization TIME Tech Companies Google Is Building Mysterious New Software Don Reisinger / Fortune Aug. 15, 2016 SHARE Justin Sullivan—Getty Images The new Google logo is displayed at the Google headquarters on September 2, 2015 in Mountain View, California. It's unclear what it's designed to do Google is working on a new operating system. But exactly what it’s designed to do is unknown. Google-tracking site Android Police spotted a recently published page on coding site GitHub where Google asks for help from outside programmers to build an operating system called Fuchsia. While Google is keeping most details about the project secret, it acknowledged on the page that its goal it to create a new operating system. As a hint at, well, something, Google also wrote: “Pink + Purple = Fuchsia.” Google makes the most used mobile operating system, Android. The company also has Chrome OS for computers and Android Wear for wearable devices, among other operating systems. However, all of those operating systems have one thing in common: They’re built on the open-source operating system Linux. Fuchsia, on the other hand, is designed to be built atop a Linux alternative called Magenta. The GitHub page also suggests Google is using different programming languages to create apps for the operating system that it doesn’t use in Android or Chrome OS. The question, then, is what is Google up to? While the company declined a Fortune request for comment, that hasn’t stopped the technology community from speculating. Android Police, for instance, believes that Google’s use of Magenta instead of Linux is telling, and that the project could be an operating system designed for several “embedded” devices, like an in-car infotainment system with GPS functionality. Other online postings by the public, including on Twitter, have suggested that Fuchsia could find its way into computers Google could eventually produce. Some have even gone so far as to say that Fuchsia could one day replace Android and Chrome OS by becoming a single operating system for all Google-based devices. But that is unlikely considering how popular both operating systems have already become. Ultimately, it’s hard to say what Google plans to do. Companies often publicly test technologies so that outside developers can spot problems and help get the software into hardware more quickly. Companies also often ditch technologies before they ever incorporate them into hardware. Fuchsia could meet a similar fate. And it’s important to note that Google has a number of open-source projects that are at various stages of development, which makes this one of many things the company is working on that could ultimately fade away. For now, though, it’s Fuchsia that’s in the spotlight. And perhaps at some point in the future, Google will reveal what it has planned. This article originally appeared on Fortune.com Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Should LG double down on modular phones? LG Evan Selleck Contributing Editor | August 15, 2016 25 shares 3 20 0 2 0 0 0 0 0               Modular phones have a lot of anticipation swirling around them. From LG, to Motorola, and even Google, the idea of swapping out specific pieces to create a Frankenstein-style phone is pretty exciting. We switch out what we might not need in a moment for something else. Want physical camera controls? A modular design can help with that. How about a projector? Yep, that’s covered, too. The idea is pretty great if you ask me. Watching Google show off something like Project Ara, and swapping in and out pieces, is a cool concept. I’d love to see it really take off, and see what companies like HTC, Samsung, and maybe even Apple (in five years, when they’re ready) could do with it. LG wasn’t technically the first with the idea, but they were the first to market with a consumer-ready device. The LG G5 saw plenty of praise for its overall design and features, including the specifications. It’s certainly a flagship handset. No one can take that away from the Life’s Good crew, at least. On the other hand, the modular design hasn’t been set upon with a ton of praise. Whether it’s the overall design of the handset, the small button to dispatch the bottom of the phone from the rest of the handset, or the “Friends” accessories that plug into the handset, there seems to be a lot of work that needs to be done before folks are ready to adopt LG’s view on the modular phone design. Which has me curious about the upcoming V20, a device that LG’s starting to pick up the marketing on, leading up to its announcement in September. This is a handset that’s obviously been in the works for quite some time, and, based on the leaks we’ve seen, follows along with the modular design of the G5. I’d like to think that LG thought the design would go over well with owners and reviewers, but here we are, less than a month before the V20 is announced, and I can’t help but wonder if doubling down on the modular design is a good move for LG. The Life’s Good team isn’t shy from adopting unique designs into its handsets. I’m going to miss the rear volume rockers, flanking the rear power button, on some of its more recent handsets, for instance. So I can’t help but wonder if we’re in the same boat here with modular design: Keep pressing the idea until it’s an obvious failure, or until it’s refined enough, and accessories priced correctly, so it eventually gets adopted. Either way, whatever scenario LG is going with, won’t really matter in the long run. We’ll either have modular phones from LG for the foreseeable future – or we won’t. Either way we’re still going to get some amazing smartphones with great features and specifications, so for the folks who love LG-branded flagships, that (probably) isn’t going anywhere. I am wondering where you stand on this, though. Do you think LG should continue to push forward with modular phone design, and keep the design they have? Or should they change some things up? Or drop the idea altogether? Let me know! LG G5 Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Force Google Project Ara LG Motorola LG G5 Motorola Moto Z Products mentioned LG G5 Motorola Moto Z Previous ArticleThe LG V20 has grabbed my attention Next ArticleAre you still using the LG G5? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts More info on HTC's Nexus Sailfish and Marlin phones revealed by FCC BlackBerry Priv and DTEK50 receiving QuadRooter security patches My 3 most anticipated Android Nougat features Microsoft Lumia 950, Lumia 950 XL have their prices cut View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured MacBook Pro (13-inch Touch Bar) First Look! Marco Hanna 1 week 29 min ago 5 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Chromecast Ultra Unboxing, Setup and Demo with Google Home Beau Hamilton 1 week 18 hours ago 12 shares 3 6 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 PlayStation 4 Pro Unboxing, Setup and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago 6 shares 3 2 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 1 day ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 33 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 10 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes HTC 10 33 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint LG G5 getting Android 7.0 Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked T-Mobile News T-Mobile offering free flagship T-Mobile two lines free promo Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a Verizon Wireless Verizon Black Friday deals include Moto Z and Moto Z Force will begin Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google Testing AMP For Web Pages In Live Results Google Testing AMP For Web Pages In Live Results Aug 15, 2016 • 7:44 am | (5) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Prev Story Next Story As you know, Google said they will be expanding AMP beyond news stories but also into all types of pages. But they did not give a timeline. Recently some folks have been saying they've been seeing the AMP logo and AMP results in the main mobile Google search results, outside of the top news carousel. So Glenn Gabe asked Google's Gary Illyes about it and Gary said that Google may be testing it in the wild. Here is the set of tweets: @glenngabe @JohnMu we're experimenting and testing things all the time. You're most likely seeing that— Gary Illyes (@methode) August 12, 2016 Google is always testing stuff, so testing AMP outside of the AMP demo site and in the wild shouldn't surprise anyone. Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google To Support Schema.org Version 3.1   Comments: Mambo Man 08/15/2016 05:26 pm Probably surprised Gary...since he had no clue it was happening. Adam Dominik 08/15/2016 11:27 pm I thought the M in AMP stood for mobile and not desktop? Or have I misunderstood? Brijesh Bhalodia 08/16/2016 10:18 am AMP stands for Accelerated Mobile Pages. seosanjayupadhyay 08/17/2016 04:14 am Yes You got right. Its for mobile version Jennifer L Metro 08/18/2016 01:03 am yeah the story is confusing, amp usta only be in a news carousel on mobile, now its in organic search on mobile too blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums I only ask this because we all know the almighty Google is pretty amazing and knows EXACTLY what it Tweak This to Make It Better $5 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google AdWords > Google AdWords Quality Scores Reports To Show Null Values Google AdWords Quality Scores Reports To Show Null Values Aug 15, 2016 • 7:55 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google AdWords Prev Story Next Story Google quietly announced on Google+ that starting September 12, 2016 the Google AdWords report may start showing null values in the quality score columns when the keywords are new or have insufficient impression or click data. Google wrote, "null Quality Scores will appear for new keywords, as well as keywords that lack recent click and impression data." Google added that "Null Quality Scores will be excluded if you use reports or automated rules that include a filter on the Quality Score column." If you want to show null scores you will need to check the new "Include keywords with quality scores of '--' " option when you set up your rule or filter. Here is a screen shot: Google said they recommend reviewing your reports, filters, rules and scripts that rely on Quality Scores before September 12th, 2016. Forum discussion at Google+. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Testing AMP For Web Pages In Live Results   Comments: No comments. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums I only ask this because we all know the almighty Google is pretty amazing and knows EXACTLY what it Tweak This to Make It Better $5 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google AdWords > Google Keyword Planner Removes Valuable Data For Potential Advertisers Google Keyword Planner Removes Valuable Data For Potential Advertisers Aug 15, 2016 • 8:10 am | (67) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google AdWords Prev Story Next Story Remember last Tuesday we reported that Google Keyword Planner Showing Data Ranges For Advertisers Without Campaigns - in short, they were showing less traffic estimate data to some advertisers. I was hoping it was a bug, but it was not. Google said late on Friday, which is what they normally do when they want a bad thing to kind of go away, that this is not a bug but a change to "ensure that AdWords advertisers are able to get the data they need to optimize their accounts." Love the spin, right? Elizabeth from Google posted this in the Google AdWords Help forums. She said there is an update to the keyword planner tool. First she said "previous technical issues affecting the Keyword Planner tool are now resolved." That line is specifically aimed to confuse AdWords advertisers on this topic. She is referring to the previous bug removing access. So after the backlash there, they decided to throttle advertisers who signed up for Google AdWords but is not spending enough money with Google. She said "advertisers with lower monthly spend may see a limited data view in the Keyword Planner. For example, you may see values such as 0, 1-100, 100-1K, 1K-10K, 10K-100K, 100K-1M, 1M+ in the average monthly searches column. In addition, other advertisers may trigger the limited data view by reaching a limit on the number of searches for search volume data (specifically, requests to our API)." Again, how useful is this chart: Compare that to this: Again, Google said "these changes will ensure that AdWords advertisers are able to get the data they need to optimize their accounts." Everyone Google said that to wants to know how that is the case? Google has not responded to those questions. Forum discussion at Google AdWords Help. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google AdWords Quality Scores Reports To Show Null Values   Comments: The Truth 08/15/2016 12:24 pm This is awful, and "EVIL!" Jim 08/15/2016 12:53 pm I don't understand what they are hoping this change will achieve. Seriously, what part of this change will benefit either themselves or their customers? Now I need to check about 140,000 keywords for search volume some time this week before they make the change, and my research hasn't even finished yet... The Dude 08/15/2016 12:58 pm Just more bias to big brands. tobstar 08/15/2016 01:39 pm Despite being a bit of a Google fan boy this really sticks it to the small guy James Arbran 08/15/2016 01:43 pm This is exactly why I cancelled my adwords account. This is purely anti competitive behavior and caters to more brand ass kissing than I ever thought was possible... seriously? There is aboslutely NO POINT to this, especially people in smaller industries where finding keywords to even bid on is difficult enough when they removed now [not provided] keywords. Fuck you Google, I hope they suffer the wrath of Mrs Vestager from the EU comm. Please look her up and email this to her if you haven't already, I have recieved responses from her in the past saying that they will look into zombie traffic which has been cutting into my businesses pockets (and many others) since last September. I can't believe the stupidity of Google in recent times. Ana Hoffman 08/15/2016 01:45 pm Hmmm... I am still seeing the old-style results... Slow rollout? This will certainly make a bit difference for everyone who uses GKP as a keyword research tool! Michael Kares 08/15/2016 02:37 pm E-commerce Germany, fully agree. Google is diabolic, hope to see them go away. netmeg 08/15/2016 02:39 pm It's stupid. An Avid LSD USER 08/15/2016 02:46 pm how does this affect semrush? zxcv 08/15/2016 03:10 pm I good reminder to tell your friends and family to install ad blockers. Let's hit them where it hurts. John Alexander 08/15/2016 04:05 pm I just checked, and I'm seeing the old-style results, as well; I even checked the same sample keywords Barry showed above. I wouldn't be terribly surprised if Google decided to roll out the changes Barry saw, though; GKP is explicitly a tool for advertisers and, while I know how useful the SEO community finds the data, I don't think Google feels any responsibility to continue providing so much data for free. Nick Ker 08/15/2016 04:31 pm I'd bet that the usage of Keyword Planner as a research tool by people who never actually use Adwords is pretty high - and a big reason for this. And so many third-party keyword research tools get most (or all) of their info from the Adwords Keyword Planner. That adds up to a lot of data that I guess Google doesn't want to give away for free anymore. Here's an interesting thing: MCC, "My Client Center", where Certified Google Partners can manage multiple Adwords accounts seems to show an amount of data related to the total spend of the Partner's managed accounts - not the individual client's budget. I'll have to log in to some client's accounts and check to see if the planner is limited at the client's account level. It could just be that my MCC has not changed to the new limited version yet, though. steve 08/15/2016 05:33 pm So basically they screw small business on natural results and adwords too. Craig Payne 08/15/2016 08:15 pm Question for those complaining: Why are you expecting to be able to access all this data if you are not paying for it? The Truth 08/15/2016 08:46 pm We haven't had to pay for it for the last 16 years, why now? I think most would be happy to pay a small fee for the data, but that is not what Google is offering. Anon User 08/15/2016 09:08 pm For the previous 16 years that road has been free to travel on. Today, the greedy bastards put up a road block. Is that not worth complaining about? It would be good if google offered an upgrade path but as usual the arrogant bastards just take take take. Riki 08/15/2016 09:25 pm Another nail in the coffin for seos Jerry B. 08/16/2016 12:38 am Good SEOs stopped being dependent on keyword tomfoolery a few years ago, especially after (not provided) became a thing, and Humming bird. That and people don't search with simple keywords as much as they used to. Jerry B. 08/16/2016 12:41 am Maybe they think the world owes them a free lunch? Friggin' keyword junkies need to get a fix even though keyword based SEO is a thing of the past. Richard Gosse 08/16/2016 01:17 am So after spending tens of thousands on adwords they get to send me fake clicks AND take a steaming dump on me and my business. Wow. Liam Leonardo 08/16/2016 07:53 am Because do no evil, for an example? Swaragh Tech 08/16/2016 09:32 am I think this will be more effects on normal people and using of other associated tool which is partner with Google Trends also affect the search result to normal people Hank 08/16/2016 10:02 am Do you offer a service for free to all who want it or are you "evil"? Donald Trump (SEO) 08/16/2016 10:08 am Aww no more free handouts for broke losers. Boo f-ing hoo. Liam Leonardo 08/16/2016 10:20 am Never advertised myself as "do no evil" - so no. And in case you haven't noticed, pay-per-click ads are slowly taking over Google's search engine results. I mourn for people who use Goole without Adwords. They go against every guideline they offer (read force) on websites. Hank 08/16/2016 10:49 am Please explain how not giving away services for free makes a company evil. I mourn for people who can't figure out how to do SEO in a profitable way and weep endlessly about not getting free help in running a business. If you can't do SEO well and don't want to pay for advertising, find a career you are qualified for like asking people "would you like fries with that". Liam Leonardo 08/16/2016 11:59 am Read my commentary again because clearly you did not. Hank 08/16/2016 01:04 pm Your "commentary" was short on facts or explanation of your opinions. Help me understand why you think it is evil to not give services away for free. All I saw was whining. The Truth 08/16/2016 01:20 pm What about PPC managers? They still need Google "keyword tomfoolery" I mean the tool was created so advertisers would know where to spend their money wisely. Jerry B. 08/16/2016 01:32 pm Riki was talking about SEOs but I'll humor you: Good PPC managers will be just fine, too. For most smaller budget accounts, Keyword Planner is a little too broad and inaccurate as it is so I think the new vague estimates are no less useful. I doubt Google would admit that, but if you've ever compared the planner predictions to real bids, you'd see they can be pretty far apart. Real-world data from an actual campaign is often very different from KP's predictions and the real data is what counts. And like SEOs, good Adwords managers aren't excessively dependent on the planner and go beyond old school keyword based marketing. It's not the old days anymore, and Adwords is not a simple thing where you just add magical keywords and max CPC. The Truth 08/16/2016 01:40 pm "Adwords is not a simple thing where you just add magical keywords and max CPC." That's how the Adwords reps are selling it these days. haha Jerry B. 08/16/2016 01:53 pm I haven't seen that kind of thing in any of Adwords' marketing materials, and Adwords reps don't do sales. If they advised that you increase your bids for some keywords you should try to follow the advice. It sometimes seems counterintuitive when they say you should add a modifier to reduce bids on productive keywords, devices, regions etc; or increase bids on unproductive ones - but they know what they are talking about. Like I said, it isn't always simple. Don't expect great results if you refuse to follow the advice of people whose job is to help you use their product so you can profit from it and remain their customer. Anon User 08/16/2016 02:31 pm Did you lose all your money too Donald. How sad. Tadeusz Szewczyk (Tad Chef) 08/16/2016 02:46 pm How much money do you need to pay Google per month to get keyword data back? Keith Winter 08/16/2016 03:22 pm Great post Jerry, well said! Keith Winter 08/16/2016 03:25 pm Re-read Barry's Post. She said "advertisers with lower monthly spend may see a limited data view in the Keyword Planner. For example, you may see values such as 0, 1-100, 100-1K, 1K-10K, 10K-100K, 100K-1M, 1M+ in the average monthly searches column. In addition, other advertisers may trigger the limited data view by reaching a limit on the number of searches for search volume data (specifically, requests to our API)." I read this as if you are an active account that spends with google regularly (or your client is) your access to keywords will stay the same unless you abuse it. J. Holmes 08/16/2016 04:22 pm I used to spend $100/month ($0 today), but still seeing old interface and keyword stats. Cine Dabba 08/17/2016 03:11 am thank for great inputs,i hope it wont effect anything for keyword searches to use it for building websites Seo Şefi 08/17/2016 07:46 am Thank u Barry Schwartz phoolchand yadav 08/17/2016 02:06 pm It's mean Google keyword planner depends on the campaign.If I have not paid, then I don't access it? FreedomMan 08/17/2016 02:37 pm It doesn't for us subscribers. But this is probably very good for semrush. The Truth 08/17/2016 03:49 pm I can understand being a contrarian, but you never take the side of the webmaster. Do you work for Google or are you really that big of a brown noser? Jerry B. 08/17/2016 03:59 pm I don't take a "side" at all, unless you think fact vs fiction is some kind of war. Explaining facts to people who are chasing myths and conspiracy theories is not taking a side and is not even contrarian. If you'd take your fingers out of your ears and actually think about WHAT I say rather than why you think I say it - you might actually see that I AM on the side of webmasters and you could even learn how to do better instead of whining all the time. That is a big part of why so many people can't get anywhere in Google or anything else. You are so busy choosing sides and falling into an us vs them mindset that you completely overlook doing the right things when they don't fit your little war. Google Guy 08/17/2016 04:25 pm Make Great Content Aamir 08/17/2016 04:44 pm You're right, Jerry! I read a post where a person wrote that I worked a keyword which had 70 searches per month as per Google Planner, but I was getting more than 6000 searches per month for the same keyword. I know Google ranks a page for multiple keywords, but he proved Google Planner wrong. I believe too! I'm working on my sites, I use a keyword which Google Planner shows a little bit searches, but I get great traffic. Whinemaster Tools 08/17/2016 04:53 pm Whining that some commenter is not taking your side when he disagrees with you. Priceless. OMG 08/17/2016 06:40 pm I guess that means you should be paying Barry visiting this website? You should probably kick out some money to discus as well. Muhammad Junaid 08/17/2016 07:23 pm Google is Jewwwgle because they are monitoring your searches and the AI tech will make perfect guess that what will you search next and that is why search giant show predictions. See how Rand describe the truth and revel Google's Keyword Planner Dirty Secrets https://moz.com/blog/google-keyword-planner-dirty-secrets Craig Payne 08/17/2016 07:33 pm WTF has that got to do with it? Barry has advertisements on this site. Christian 08/17/2016 07:47 pm At least they are not censoring pork recipes! rtyu 08/17/2016 07:48 pm You have probably learned by now that Jerry B is SERoundTable's most snobby blowhard who pretends to be an expert on truth. Trying to converse with him is about as pleasant as chewing on tinfoil while shaving your head with a cheese grater. I highly recommend saving your effort. rtyu 08/17/2016 07:49 pm Racist much? Jerry B. 08/17/2016 07:52 pm You were wrong the last time you posted the exact same thing, too. Keep on complaining instead of learning since it seems to make you feel ok for a moment. Nick Ker 08/17/2016 08:00 pm You of all people should know by now that there are a LOT of people here who don't want to learn or do anything to help themselves. They just want to complain and hear people say "me too". Nick Ker 08/17/2016 08:13 pm What you said about the keyword planner's inaccuracy is a good point which is often overlooked. I have never found Keyword Planner to be very useful unless I was working with daily budgets of at least $100 or more. Pre-campaign cost estimates always seem high, traffic predictions low when compared to what really happens in the campaign. I always thought Google did that on purpose to set low expectations so when costs end up being lower and traffic ends up higher, the Advertiser feels pretty good about it. A little shady, but it is in favor of the advertiser so no harm done. rtyu 08/17/2016 08:33 pm You have probably learned by now that Jerry B is SERoundTable's most snobby blowhard who pretends to be an expert on truth. Trying to converse with him is about as pleasant as chewing on tinfoil while shaving your head with a cheese grater. I highly recommend saving your effort. Dij 08/17/2016 08:38 pm Not as much as Israel towards others. Muhammad Junaid 08/20/2016 07:59 pm Moreover, you also have to increase you budget time to time because if you don't you will start receiving estimated search results. Lyes 09/09/2016 03:15 pm And today it's over in France. The old tool is unavailable... Natalie Smith 09/11/2016 02:58 pm So Google, you have decided that you are not earning quite enough yet that you could help people out by allowing them access to this search function without having to spend tons of money with you? Wow, so how much money is enough for you each year I wonder? Anna Butler 09/13/2016 08:33 am Do they pay us for all our data they mine? Why should they access my data without paying me for it? Isn't this kind of the way it's worked? They mine our data without paying and in return provide a range of "free" tools based on that data which we can use for our own research and business objectives. charlotte calder 09/13/2016 11:24 pm Hear hear @the_copy_chick:disqus - exactly! bloggy net 09/14/2016 03:04 am Are you sure that Google's CEO has not been planted by some of it's competitor company? ha ha ha Such moves by Google will cause people think that there must be some alternatives and hence it will bring to light many new competitors. So there is some plus point too. Google's first step towards breaking it's own monopoly. Dhuv 09/15/2016 12:12 pm Find solution for this - Here Simon 09/28/2016 08:10 pm Really bad news for SEO folks. I don't run AdWords campaigns but do of course need keyword data for SEO purposes. Luckily I found a great cheap Keyword Research tool. I talk about it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRgrTRIHMEE Jack 10/05/2016 12:51 pm Really bad news for SEO people. So Google, you have decided that you are not earning quite enough yet that you could help people out by allowing them access to this search function without having to spend tons of money with you?. I think that in the future there will be the twist coming. Martin Handerson 10/20/2016 09:04 am ohhh. It's really really bad news for digital marketers. google have decided that you will have to access this search tool without spend any money. I predict that google have done this because of there are some other alternate way for people. In future, there will be so many twist coming. wait & watch! blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums I only ask this because we all know the almighty Google is pretty amazing and knows EXACTLY what it Tweak This to Make It Better $5 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google Tests People Also Ask Carousel On Desktop Google Tests People Also Ask Carousel On Desktop Aug 15, 2016 • 8:21 am | (2) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Prev Story Next Story A month ago, we reported how Google was testing a carousel for the people also ask feature on mobile searches. But today Google seems to be testing it also on desktop. TurtlePie posted on Twitter this screen shot of the desktop Google results with a carousel like design for the people also ask results: That is compared to the normal version which looks like this: Google is always testing new user interfaces, although, I am not too sure I like the carousel look on desktop here. What do you think? Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Keyword Planner Removes Valuable Data For Potential Advertisers   Comments: Rachel Ann Custodio 08/15/2016 01:17 pm Drop-down looks much better on desktop since it doesn't require you to scroll. Zafer Kilic 08/16/2016 11:58 am probably it'll work just on non-ad result if its going to live. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums I only ask this because we all know the almighty Google is pretty amazing and knows EXACTLY what it Tweak This to Make It Better $5 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Did Google Boosts HTTPS Ranking Signal? Nope But More HTTPS Results In Top Ten. Did Google Boosts HTTPS Ranking Signal? Nope But More HTTPS Results In Top Ten. Aug 15, 2016 • 8:32 am | (18) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story Both RankRanger and Mozcast are showing a nice uptick in the number of HTTPS results in the top Google results. Here are their feature tracking charts, showing a nice increase in the HTTPS results found in the top ten Google listings that they each, respectively, track: RankRanger is showing an increase from August 1st of an average result ranking for HTTPS of 2.93 compared to August 15th of 3.17. Mozcast shows on August 1st, 33.9% of the top results are HTTPS and then on August 14th, 35.6% of those results are HTTPS. Both these independent tracking tools are showing increases in HTTPS results in the top results at Google. I did ask Google if they have tweaked the HTTPS ranking boost, but no response as of yet. Forum discussion at Twitter. Update: Google's Gary Illyes said no, they did not do an HTTPS update. So maybe some more sites in the top ten converted to HTTPS: @rustybrick no— Gary Illyes (@methode) August 15, 2016 Update 2: Gary Illyes from Google said the data from these guys seem to be wrong: @rustybrick ran some queries on the past 7 days of data, this graph seems to be incorrect. I'd check for bias in the data set @RankRanger— Gary Illyes (@methode) August 15, 2016 Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Tests People Also Ask Carousel On Desktop   Comments: mark 08/15/2016 01:39 pm Is it a tweak in Google or have more websites gone full https? Clearly the former as that's a significant spike. asdf 08/15/2016 03:12 pm I agree... no boost for HTTPS... that lasted all of 1 month before it was dialed back. Nick Ker 08/15/2016 03:42 pm Well, either there was some kind of change at Google in regard to showing of https pages in the results, or a buttload of sites which already ranked well all decided to switch over to https in the past week or so. Anon User 08/15/2016 03:48 pm Gary wouldn't know what was going on at Google if he even worked in the same department. Gary is famous for crying when being called a liar and for not having the courage to ask when the next Penguin would be released. Mr Derp 08/15/2016 05:38 pm Maybe the HTTPS rankings boost only get rolled out every 6 months or so. The websites that changed over a few months ago are just now seeing the boost. Michael Martinez 08/15/2016 06:57 pm The Moz query set is heavily biased toward the high end commercial queries. Dr. Pete says he mixes in other queries to compensate for those high end queries but it would be very, very difficult to NOT create a biased data set for something like this. I don't recall anything about the RankRanger data off the top of my head but I am sure it is biased to. Removing bias from query data is almost like removing salt from seawater. Anon User 08/16/2016 08:34 am Reverse Osmosis or Flash Evaporation are 2 perfectly good processes that remove salt from seawater. Perhaps the analogy should of been Removing bias from query data is almost like finding an honest SEO. Brady 08/16/2016 10:00 am Google works well for that. You must be trying to find one with the spam-friendly yahoo or bing search engines. vipinnayar 08/16/2016 12:00 pm what is the risk factor involved in shifting to HTTPS from http, have you guys shifted to all your site?? we also planning to move our site to https. but we are not sure how much it going to effect our ranking as we are ranking on top for most of the keywords with out https, if we have done any change and ranking changes, put a big loss to us. can any one suggest what should we do in this situation? Tauqeer Aziz 08/16/2016 12:48 pm Before Https my website ranking is better but when i implement https to my website .. my ranking is going down.. so can any one suggest me that can i back to http again or is Hurt again my ranking ? mark 08/16/2016 01:30 pm Did you use 301 redirects or 302s? How many redirects did you have in place prior to moving to https? Cine Dabba 08/17/2016 03:13 am will there be change in moz da and pa if we redirect again to https or else there will be no much effect. actually i think https is showing good in search results Naman Dwivedi 08/17/2016 06:57 am Not in India, BushyTop 08/17/2016 01:12 pm Because domains that were already occupying those positions made the change.... M.Imran Nazish 08/19/2016 12:07 pm would like to hear from you Tauqeer Aaron Hurlburt 09/07/2016 09:14 am We just made the change to ssl. Hopefully we will increase in SERP, https://www.tampabaywebsitedesigner.com Tauqeer Aziz 09/08/2016 06:50 am sorry for late reply .it's 301 redirect Chrissie Siegfried 09/22/2016 02:15 pm My website is with https but I had no jumping in the rankings. So we will see after a couple of months when my website get some good link juice and a couple of good backlinks, also the website it's only 3 months old. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/18/2016 09:35 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums E.U. Proposals For Ecommerce Payments Will Require Extra Security Checks Google Extends Rich Cards to Include Local Restaurants and Online Courses Digital Point Forums I only ask this because we all know the almighty Google is pretty amazing and knows EXACTLY what it Tweak This to Make It Better $5 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google has made a big shift in its plan to give everybody faster internet: from wired to wireless Dave Smith Aug. 15, 2016, 2:28 PM 23,965 facebook linkedin twitter email print People loved the idea of Google Fiber when it was first announced in 2010. Superfast internet that's 100 times faster than the norm — and it's cheap? It sounded too good to be true. But maybe that initial plan was a little too ambitious. Over the last several years, Google has worked with dozens of cities and communities to build fiber optic infrastructure that can deliver gigabit speeds to homes and neighborhoods — this would let you stream videos instantly or download entire movies in seconds. But right now, introducing Google Fiber in any town is a lengthy, expensive process. Google first needs to work with city leaders to lay the groundwork for construction, and then it needs to lay cables underground, along telephone lines, and in houses and buildings. This all takes time and money: Google has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on these projects, according to The Wall Street Journal, and the service is available in just six metro areas, an average of one per year. Starry Given these barriers, Google Fiber is reportedly working on a way to make installation quicker, cheaper, and more feasible. According to a new filing with the Federal Communications Commission earlier this month, Google has been testing a new wireless-transmission technology that "relies on newly available spectrum" to roll out Fiber much more quickly. "The project is in early stages today, but we hope this technology can one day help deliver more abundant internet access to consumers," a Google spokesperson told Business Insider. And, according to The Journal, Google is looking to use this wireless technology in "about a dozen new metro areas, including Los Angeles, Chicago and Dallas." Right now, Google Fiber customers can pay $70 a month for 1-gigabit-per-second speeds and an extra $60 a month for the company's TV service. It's unclear if this wireless technology would change the pricing, but at the very least, it ought to help accelerate Fiber's expansion and cut down on installation costs. One of the company's recent acquisitions could help this transition. In June, Google Fiber bought Webpass, a company that knows how to wirelessly transmit internet service from fiber-connected antennas to antennas mounted on buildings. It's a concept that's pretty similar to Starry, another ambitious company that wowed us earlier this year with its plan for a superfast, inexpensive internet service. SEE ALSO: A new startup wants to give you faster, cheaper, better wireless internet NOW WATCH: 7 places you can’t find on Google Maps Loading video... More: Google Google Fiber Gigabit internet Internet service providers ISPs Starry Wireless technology Fiber Optics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google has made a big shift in its plan to give everybody faster internet: from wired to wireless Google has made a big shift in its plan to give everybody faster internet: from wired to wireless People loved the idea of Google Fiber when it... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Weather Blog 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Weather Cams School Visits Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Watercooler Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Let's Ask America Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Lifestyle + Holidays Home & Garden Diva of DIY Family Community Calendar Horoscope Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live Marketplace + BBB KCLive.TV About Us + Seen On TV Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Fill The Fridge Support 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 44° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 47° LO: 42° HI: 55° LO: 33° HI: 53° LO: 35° More Weather Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences kshb.com National News Partner If Google Fiber Wants To Expand, It Might Have To Go Wireless Lindsey Pulse , Katie Link 1:08 PM, Aug 15, 2016 Photo Credit: Google Fiber Google Fiber was supposed to be a beacon of light in a world full of slow internet speeds — but things aren't going quite like the company planned. The Wall Street Journal reports Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc., said digging up streets in areas that need service has been much more costly and time consuming than initially expected. SEE MORE: Google Set To Bring Fiber-Style Competition To Wireless And that's a problem for a company that wants to bring high-speed internet to the masses. So here's how the company is fixing it: a completely wire-free connection, which means no more digging up people's yards to lay down fiber-optic cables. The push toward wireless means Google is joining the ranks of telecommunications company AT&T, which expects to conduct testing for its wireless connection later this year. SEE MORE: AT&T And Google Are Fighting Over The Future Of Fiber Internet In the meantime, Google is asking cities and power companies to build the networks themselves, rather than having to come out and plant the lines. So far, Google Fiber is only available in six metropolitan areas across the U.S. with plans to bring the service to five more. Trending stories at Newsy.com Future Tesla Cars May Go Even Farther Without Needing A Recharge A New Patent Looks A Lot Like A Clue For Waterproof iPhones Snapchat Can Add 'Yellowface' To Its List Of Questionable Filters Print this article Back to Top A Share A A A Share Article Comments Follow Newsy Watch Newsy Everywhere Mobile AppsSee All Apps Streaming TV DevicesSee All Devices Most Recent Gov. Nikki Haley accepts UN ambassador offer How to win arguments using moral reframing 'Terrorist' convicted in Jo Cox murder US cities most likely to have a white Christmas Waterslide that killed boy will be demolished Facebook may be trying to censor posts TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video WeatherSupport KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar Let's Ask America Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Virgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec November 23, 2016 Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Apple will reportedly release new 10.5-inch iPad Pro in 2017 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 now available in Canada for $399.99 Google rumoured to be building new operating system called Fuchsia Jessica Vomiero August 15, 2016 2:33pm Just days ago, stirrings regarding what could be a new Google operating system began to suface. While no one knew for sure, a page had  been discovered on the code-sharing website GitHub outlining the new OS, Fuchsia. This new OS appears unrelated to Android and doesn’t build on the foundation of the Linux kernel. The lack of an official announcement from Google suggests that this is an early-stage project. This story was first reported by Android Police on Friday, August 12th, which suggested that the Linux kernel isn’t ideal for every OS, including embedded devices like car dashboards or GPS units. Android Police speculates that Google could treat Fuchsia as a lightweight OS used on hardware not designed for full-blown Android. The GitHub page where remnants of Fuchsia were first discovered offers short and stark tidbits of information, including a confirmation in the headline that it’s intended to be a new OS. Furthermore, the GitHub page reveals that rather than the Linux kernel, Fuchsia will likely be built on the Magenta kernel, which is more suited to embedded devices. Lastly, the page appears to have three users. These include Christopher Anderson, a senior systems software engineer specializing in embedded devices at Google, Brian Swetland, a senior staff software engineer at Google that worked as an Android kernel engineer at Google until 2014, and Travis Geiselbrecht, a senior software engineer working on embedded OS at Google. It’s important to keep in mind that with a lack of finite details or any information from Google, there’s no way of knowing whether this is simply a short-term project or of it will eventually be built out for use by the public. Related reading: Android users may no longer need a Google+ profile to review Play Store apps SourceGitHub SourceAndroid Police Tom Gray A special OS made for VR, no piggy backing on Android. Hologram platform. 3D projection screens. No idea, just shooting ideas. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search User Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 30 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest WSJ report: Google rethinks fiber Google is rethinking its ambitions for fiber Internet, according to a report by the Wall Street Journal, which highlights roll-out hurdles in Nashville and other cities.  Post to Facebook WSJ report: Google rethinks fiber Google is rethinking its ambitions for fiber Internet, according to a report by the Wall Street Journal, which highlights roll-out hurdles in Nashville and other cities.   Check out this story on Tennessean.com: http://tnne.ws/2bk5zEf {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. WSJ report: Google rethinks fiber Jamie McGee , jmcgee@tennessean.com 10:55 a.m. CDT August 15, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Google is considering expanding its superfast Internet network to 34 cities in nine metro areas. Newslook Google Fiber (Photo: Image) Google is rethinking its ambitions for fiber Internet, according to a report by the Wall Street Journal, which highlights roll-out hurdles in Nashville and other cities. According to the WSJ, Google is turning to wireless technology for gigabit speed internet connection in several cities after the effort to expand its fiber network has been costlier and taken longer than anticipated. The report comes as Google seeks to advance an ordinance in Nashville that would allow the company to expedite its installation through utility poles. Instead of waiting on each provider to move their lines and make the poll ready for a new line, Google Fiber could make the necessary changes all at once, under the proposed ordinance. THE TENNESSEAN Google Fiber: Nashville rollout slowed by pole dispute THE TENNESSEAN Council attorney raises legal issues with Google Fiber proposal Google officials have said the ordinance’s passage “material impacts our ability to move forward” and the report further underscores the company’s challenges to expand outside of Nashville. Google is halting fiber projects in San Jose, Calif., and Portland, Ore., according to the WSJ. In some cities Google is exploring leasing existing fiber or asking power companies to build the networks. It is looking to wireless technology in cities that include Los Angeles, Chicago and Dallas, the WSJ reported, citing people familiar with Google’s plans. In the WSJ report, Google’s parent Alphabet said it continues to explore bringing Google Fiber to “many cities.” “This means deploying the latest technologies in alignment with our product road map, while understanding local considerations and challenges, which takes time,” the company said in a statement, according to the WSJ. Reach Jamie McGee at 615-259-8071 and on Twitter @JamieMcGee_. 30 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2bk5zEf
null
null
Menu Consumer News Consumer Resources Write a review Search Log in Google may be looking at a low-Fiber diet Digging trenches is expensive and slow, the advertising powerhouse is learning 08/15/2016 | ConsumerAffairs |  Internet facebook twitter google+ email print By James R. Hood ConsumerAffairs' founder and former editor, Jim Hood formerly headed Associated Press Broadcast News, directing coverage of major news events worldwide. He also served as Senior Vice President of United Press International and was the founder and editor of Zapnews, a newswire service for radio and television.  Read Full Bio→ Email Jim Hood  Phone: 866-773-0221 Google+ A high-fiber diet is good for you, but it can also cause indigestion, as Google and its parent company, Alphabet, are learning. For years, Google has been talking about how it is just about to lay fiber to deliver high-speed broadband in cities across America. But like so many others before it, the advertising giant may be discovering that digging up streets and climbing poles isn't as much fun, or as profitable, as many of the alternatives. The telecom business is about 150 years old and, while transmission technologies have advanced, the basic tools of the trade are still the backhoe and a good set of spikes for scampering up poles. It's what's called capital intensive.  While no one denies that fiber is the fastest terrestrial delivery system for broadband communications, the key word may be terrestrial. Verizon, which sort of wrote the book on broadband fiber, quit somewhere around Chapter 3.  Verizon's FiOS is popular in the cities where it's available, just as Google Fiber is popular in Kansas City, Kans., Austin, Texas, and a few other places. But Verizon now has its eye on 5G -- wireless delivery that some of its boosters say will be as fast or even faster than fiber and a lot cheaper to deploy and operate. Other carriers have similar strategies. Although the always secretive Alphabet isn't saying so, it's generally thought that its initial roll-outs took a lot longer and cost a lot more than it expected. Whether Alphabet has the appetite to digest an entire menu of fiber-starved cities is the question of the day. The Wall Street Journal reports today that Alphabet has told local officials in several cities that it is slowing its fiber deployment.  Last-mile expense All of the major telecom and cable firms have for years used various strategies to avoid the expense of running fiber to every single customer -- the dread "last-mile" expense that far exceeds the costs of building the network "backbone." Many have adopted what is generally called "fiber-to-the-curb" strategies that run fiber into a neighborhood, then use coax or other lower-speed cable to reach individual subscribers.    Was Google naive in thinking it could dig trenches more cheaply than AT&T? Maybe, but there are those who think its strategic goal in launching Google Fiber was to spur established players to get the lead (or copper) out and put more fiber into their networks. That strategy has actually played out in several of the cities where Google Fiber is now operating or promised, thus presenting the company with the opportunity to declare victory and withdraw.  It's equally likely that Alphabet, which was created to bring some business discipline to the rather free-wheeling Google culture, is simply looking at options that would achieve its ultimate goal -- widely deployed high-speed broadband that delivers Google ads flawlessly -- in a more cost-effective way. It's not the only adjustment underway in Mountain View. Like a player preparing for a new hand of Scrabble, Alphabet has been shuffling its players and priorities the last few months. Several key executives have left, including those who headed up the automated car and Nest thermostat projects. It's not surprising there would be adjustments in Fiber, thought to be its most costly new-business gamble.   Share your Comments Related News Stories SpaceX looks to provide high-speed internet to the global community Google parent Alphabet pulls the plug on Google Fiber California may ditch Daylight Saving Time Hackers hit 20 hotels across the U.S., swiped credit card info AARP: Unless Congress acts, Social Security cuts are coming Appeals court slaps down FCC attempt to promote broadband competition Comcast objects to FCC proposal to restrict 'pay-for-privacy' broadband pricing Latest News Hawaii counties can't regulate pesticides or GMOs, federal appeals court rules How to stay secure while shopping online Study explains why aspartame may not help with weight loss Tests on promising Alzheimer's drug end in disappointment Tesla and SolarCity to run an entire island on solar power An October dip in new home sales Omni Custom Meats recalls roasted chicken quarters H-E-B recalls baby food Home Brands Blog About Us Contact Us FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Policy We are Hiring! Terms of Use Your use of this site constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use. Advertisements on this site are placed and controlled by outside advertising networks. ConsumerAffairs.com does not evaluate or endorse the products and services advertised. See the FAQ for more information. Partner with ConsumerAffairs for Brands If your company has a page on our site, we invite you to sign up for a Starter Account today to respond to your customers directly. Alternatively, you may call us at 1-866-773-0221. The information on this Web site is general in nature and is not intended as a substitute for competent legal advice. ConsumerAffairs.com makes no representation as to the accuracy of the information herein provided and assumes no liability for any damages or loss arising from the use thereof. Copyright © 2016 Consumers Unified LLC. All Rights Reserved. The contents of this site may not be republished, reprinted, rewritten or recirculated without written permission. Connect with us Sign up for our newsletters Write a review Home Consumer News Consumer Resources For Businesses Log in Connect with us
null

Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 4 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Digital Life / Google Is Working on a New OS ISACA's half-year, half-price offer Demonstrate Your Expertise Obtain an ISACA® certification and advance your IS/IT career. Register for an Exam Today> Google's Building a New Operating System Dubbed Fuschia By Dan Heilman / Sci-Tech Today PUBLISHED: AUGUST 15 2016 Apparently, Google is working on a new operating system called Fuchsia but not much is known about it. Early evidence indicates that the new operating system might be a catchall OS that can run on computers, mobile devices and even Internet of Things devices. So far, Fuchsia consists of some work on Google’s code repository and on the GitHub code-sharing Web site. News of the new OS emerged from a page that surfaced on GitHub. There has been no official confirmation about the project from Google, although a couple of Google employees have been discussing the nuts and bolts of the operating system online. Powered by Magenta The new operating system does not use the Linux kernel, which is the code that anchors Google’s Android and Chrome operating systems. Instead it is built on Magenta, which Google calls a "medium-sized microkernel" that is based on a project called LittleKernel. That project is designed to be used in embedded systems, i.e., computers that have specialized functions and often don't need actual operating systems. Christopher Anderson and Brian Swetland, the two developers acknowledged on Fuchsia's GitHub page, have deep backgrounds in embedded systems. Swetland is a senior software engineer at Google and Anderson is a veteran of Google's Android TV and Nexus Q projects. "The decision was made to build [the OS] open source, so might as well start there from the beginning," Swetland said in an IRC (Internet Relay Chat) log shared on Hacker News. Various observers have ideas about Google's plans for Fuchsia. One theory is that Fuchsia could somehow consolidate Chrome and Android into a single operating system. Another is that the new OS could be aimed at hardware or devices running on the Internet of Things. One developer forum even suggested that Fuchsia could be used for augmented reality interfaces. Work in Progress The Magenta software is aimed at modern phones and modern personal computers that use fast processors and lots of RAM, according to Google's documentation. Magenta is designed to scale better than most commercial embedded operating systems. Beyond the kernel, it appears Google is using Flutter for the operating system’s user interface, and Dart as its main programming language. Also included is Escher, a renderer that supports light diffusion, soft shadows and other visual effects. Fuchsia will include support for 32-bit and 64-bit ARM CPUs, as well as 64-bit PCs. Google already has its own platform for the Internet of Things, the Android-based Brillo. That and the fact that Fuchsia supports graphics rendering suggest that Fuchsia is intended for more than just Wi-Fi-connected gadgets. Swetland said that Fuchsia is "booting reasonably well" on small Intel PCs as well as on an Acer Switch Alpha 12 laptop, although he added that driver support is "still a work in progress." Read more on: Google, Android, Chrome, Operating System, Open Source, Magenta, Internet of Things, Technology News Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: SuperAndroid: Posted: 2016-08-22 @ 9:21am PT No, Google is having a laugh at your expense. Fuchsia OS. Just remove the a and you have Fuchs iOS :-D TOP STORIES NOW 1. Hopes for Alzheimer's Drug Dashed 2. PC Specs for Windows VT Revealed 3. Trump Softens Warming Stance 4. Study: Get Used to Heat Records 5. Dino-Killing Asteroid Secrets Unveiled MAY INTEREST YOU Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. Study: Students Duped by Fake News 2. Twitter to Devs: Don't Make Spy Tools 3. Tech Giants Seeking Political Peace? 4. Instagram Is Adding Live Video 5. Amazon Is Taking on Ticketmaster Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Portland Joins The “Don’t Hold Your Breath Waiting For Google Fiber” List Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Portland Joins The “Don’t Hold Your Breath Waiting For Google Fiber” List Image courtesy of Discrete_Photography August 15, 2016 1:34 pm EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc google fiberless google fiber google broadband competition Remember how last week, it turned out Google was temporarily suspending their plan to build out more Google Fiber in their own silicon valley back yard? Well, metro San Jose can feel special about one thing with the delay, at least: it’s not alone. As the Wall Street Journal reports, San Jose isn’t the only “potential” Google Fiber city to have its plans on hold. It’s now joined by Portland, Oregon, another burgeoning tech mecca. So why the slowdown in a generally popular project? Because laying cable in and around big bustling cities is hard, complicated, and really expensive. It’s not impossible, but it does cost a lot of money, require a lot of labor, and take a lot of time. That makes it a really unattractive prospect to keep building, even if you do have people queuing up to buy your service as soon as it’s available. That’s why it’s been unsurprising to see Google asking permission to run tests of new high-speed wireless technologies they could eventually use instead. Citing the ever-popular “people familiar” with the company’s plans, the WSJ says that Google is hoping to take wireless tech to Los Angeles, Chicago, and Dallas, among others. It’s been years since Google Fiber launched as a promising service in Kansas City in 2010. Since then, the company’s expanded to a solid two dozen metro areas on its potential build-out list, but has only actually opened for business in six. In a statement to the WSJ, the Alphabet-formerly-known-as-Google said, “We’re continuing to work with city leaders to explore the possibility of bringing Google Fiber to many cities. This means deploying the latest technologies in alignment with our product road map, while understanding local considerations and challenges, which takes time.” Google’s High-Speed Web Plans Hit Snags [Wall Street Journal] August 15, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc google fiberless google fiber google broadband competition Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related no tech in techville Google Pauses Plans To Build Google Fiber In Their Own Backyard google fiberless Google Begins Testing Tech That Could Become Fiberless Fiber Service moving on to round two All 34 Cities Eligible For Google Fiber Expansion Get Applications In On Time it's heeeere Google Fiber Is Now Signing Up Customers For Service In Salt Lake City fiberless forever Google Fiber Hitting “Pause” On Expansion; CEO Departing, Layoffs Planned Previous Twitter Thinks You Might Like To Slap Brands’ “Promoted” Stickers All Over Your Photos Next Domino’s Is Adding Salads To The Menu Nationwide Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Domino’s Is Adding Salads To The Menu Nationwide Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw HPE core servers and storage under pressure Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Fibre pushers get budget tax reprieve Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Not fake news: Facebook reinvents SVG Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers Telegram API ransomware wrecked three weeks after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers More like this Google Os Software Google's brand new OS could replace Android webOS, BeOS and Android heritage 15 Aug 2016 at 17:46, Andrew Orlowski Andrew Orlowski Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Copyright, Mobile Networks, Nokia, Smartphones, Google Recent Articles Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Cheapest Apple iPhone 7's flash memory is waaaaay slower than pricier model Is this the worst Blockchain idea you've ever heard? The source code of Google's latest operating system has emerged, and it looks like all new code from the ground up. The Fuchsia project can be found here, and uses an entirely new kernel, "Magenta." It boots on ARM and x86, and the authors say they've managed to boot it on a Raspberry Pi. The IPC part is Mojo and higher up the stack is support for Google's Flutter graphics. Involved in the project are two Be Inc veterans, Brian Swetland and Travis Geiselbrecht, who moved to Danger Inc, where they developed the Danger Hiptop OS. Swetland then joined Danger founder Andy Rubin's startup Android Inc, which Google acquired in 2005. Swetland was "Systems / Kernel Lead for the Android Project" between 2005 and 2012 according to his LinkedIn page. Geiselbrecht took a slightly different route after Danger, spending 18 months at Apple as it developed the iPhone, then developed the webOS kernel at Palm, and was the architect of the Jawbone embedded OS. Also involved is former head of OS at Palm, Chris McKillop, whose CV indicates he joined the project in March 2015. They found us! https://t.co/w03vLK3LFg #fuchsia — Chris McKillop (@chrismckillop) 12 August 2016 These are highly skilled, serious practitioners of the art, and just who would want to create a future OS, rather than some whimsical side project. In addition, the presence of a compositor suggests the potential for Fuchsia reaches far beyond embedded systems. Google is believed to be working on a "proprietary Android" that doesn't require the Linux kernel, allowing them to speed up development and pass updates directly to end users. Fuchsia could allow them to break their dependencies and achieve the same goal. Swetland has made a few comments on Hacker News, confirming that the OS is in its infancy. And kindly providing a photo of the OS booting. Swetland explains: The Magenta kernel is maybe a bit more of a minikernel (97% of drivers and services live in userspace, but the syscall surface provides a wider variety of primitives than just send/recv/exit that a hardcore microkernel design might embrace). It inherits from LK, which was written in C, but the new surfaces in the Magenta kernel are written in C++ (a restrained, limited C++, intended to take advantage of nice things C++ brings without getting us in too much trouble in the controlled kernel environment). The core Magenta userspace drivers and services are mostly C at the moment, some will shift to C++ over time, and provided they use the same RPC protocols, there's nothing preventing one from building such components in other languages once those other languages are building suitable binaries for Magenta. You can download Fuchsia here and if you can get it up and running, post your experiences below. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 74 Comments Whitepapers OpenStack brings agility to cloud platforms FICO needed an agile platform to provide its analytic cloud services to mid-sized businesses. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight Has Linux got OpenStack licked? The Vanilla 'Plus' strategy Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets Tailored Swift – coming soon to a cloud near you Toblerone's Brexit trim should be applied to bloatware Red Hat eye from the Ubuntu guy: Fedora – how you doin'? Pair programming – you'll never guess what happens next! Open Sorcerers: Can you rid us of Emperor Zuck? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Premier League Chelsea v West Ham United: Premier League – as it happened Diego Costa, who was fortunate not to be sent off, scored a late winner to give Antonio Conte the perfect start to life as Chelsea’s manager Updated Diego Costa celebrates scoring Chelsea’s winner. Photograph: Michael Regan/Getty Images Jacob Steinberg @JacobSteinberg Monday 15 August 2016 17.00 EDT Last modified on Monday 15 August 2016 17.03 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 4.53pm EDT 16:53 Full-time: Chelsea 2-1 West Ham 4.47pm EDT 16:47 GOAL! Chelsea 2-1 West Ham (Costa, 89 min) 4.35pm EDT 16:35 GOAL! Chelsea 1-1 West Ham (Collins, 77 min) 4.05pm EDT 16:05 GOAL! Chelsea 1-0 West Ham (Hazard pen, 47 min) 4.04pm EDT 16:04 PENALTY TO CHELSEA! 3.47pm EDT 15:47 Half-time: Chelsea 0-0 West Ham 2.12pm EDT 14:12 The teams! Live feed Show 5.00pm EDT 17:00 Chelsea were the better side and should have been out of sight by the time James Collins equalised with West Ham’s first shot on target. They profited from Michail Antonio’s inexperience at right-back, taking the lead thanks to Eden Hazard after a foul by the West Ham man, and there were plenty of positives for Antonio Conte, not least an assured performance from N’Golo Kante in midfield. Yet West Ham will fume about Anthony Taylor’s inexplicable failure not to show second yellow cards to Diego Costa and Kante in the second half. Of course Costa scored the winner. Having said that, Chelsea were the better side. West Ham were very poor for long spells. There’s work to do for Slaven Bilic. Thanks for reading. Bye. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.53pm EDT 16:53 Full-time: Chelsea 2-1 West Ham Diego Costa’s winner gives Antonio Conte the perfect start to life at Chelsea but West Ham will be furious about a highly questionable refereeing performance from the circus’s Anthony Taylor. Antonio Conte celebrates with fans after Diego Costa scored their late winner. Photograph: Tony O'Brien/Reuters Updated at 4.57pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.51pm EDT 16:51 90 min+4: West Ham almost equalise! Carroll wreaks havoc in the Chelsea area but he can’t get his shot away as Courtois closes down the angle. Eventually the ball’s smuggled away thanks to determined last-ditch defending from the hosts. That should be that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50pm EDT 16:50 90 min+3: Pedro’s booked for a late challenge on Reid. “Seriously, how is Costa still on the pitch to score that?” asks Niall Mullen. Your guess is as good as mine. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.48pm EDT 16:48 90 min+1: There will be four minutes of added time. It begins with Payet scuffing a shot at Courtois from 20 yards. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.47pm EDT 16:47 GOAL! Chelsea 2-1 West Ham (Costa, 89 min) Diego Costa, who should have been sent off earlier, scores the winner for Chelsea. The ball’s pumped long and headed down by Batshuayi to Costa. He shakes off Collin and drills it through the centre-back’s legs from 25 yards. It’s accurate enough to beat Adrian low to the goalkeeper’s right. Conte goes mad on the touchline. Diego Costa scores from the edge of the box to make it 2-1. Photograph: Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.51pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.44pm EDT 16:44 86 min: Moses’s intriguing inswinger from the left is headed away from the lurking Batshuayi by Reid, a crucial intervention. Pedro volleys wide from the right as the ball drops from the sky. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.43pm EDT 16:43 85 min: Chelsea make their final two changes, Oscar trotting off, Michy Batshuayi on for his debut. And Victor Moses, who spent last season on loan at West Ham, replaces Eden Hazard. He’ll be scoring the winner, just so you know. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.41pm EDT 16:41 84 min: Payet skips away from Kante, who chops him down in the centre circle. Like Costa, he gets away without a second booking. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.40pm EDT 16:40 82 min: Oscar almost collects a clever pass from Hazard but he’s denied by a fantastic saving challenge from Reid. Adrian gathers the loose ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.37pm EDT 16:37 80 min: Chelsea make their first change, Willian replaced by Pedro. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.36pm EDT 16:36 79 min: Anthony Taylor is having a word with Slaven Bilic on the touchline. I’m not sure why. Bilic’s face is a picture of innocence. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EDT 16:35 GOAL! Chelsea 1-1 West Ham (Collins, 77 min) West Ham manage their first shot on target ... and they score! Payet’s corner from the right was headed down by Collins and it reached Valencia, whose swivelling volley was blocked by a Chelsea defender. West Ham briefly appealed for handball but to no avail. Not to worry, though. It fell to Collins, who collected the ball and slammed it to the left of Courtois with his left foot from 15 yards. Crikey, what a finish from the centre-back. West Ham are level out of nothing. James Collins wheels away after scoring the equaliser. Photograph: Michael Regan/Getty Images Updated at 4.40pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EDT 16:33 76 min: Nope. Payet’s free-kick hits the wall and spins behind for a corner on the right. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32pm EDT 16:32 74 min: Payet floats a free-kick into the Chelsea area from a deep position. It leads to a spot of head tennis and Carroll wins a free-kick after a high foot from Azpilicueta, who’s booked for dissent. It’s on the edge of the Chelsea area. Dimitri Payet is very interested. Hey, West Ham might manage a shot on target here! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28pm EDT 16:28 71 min: Oscar wins a free-kick for Chelsea around 25 yards from goal. He clips it straight into the wall. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.27pm EDT 16:27 70 min: Payet’s free-kick is headed away by Ivanovic. Courtois hasn’t had to make a save yet. In fact, West Ham have had one shot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.26pm EDT 16:26 69 min: Mark Noble shows good persistence to win a free-kick deep on the left, drawing Willian into clipping his heels. Payet will take it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.25pm EDT 16:25 67 min: Dimitri Payet replaces Havard Nordtveit. Will he be able to find a way around the impeccable N’Golo Kante? Hold that thought, though. All of a sudden, a huge roar goes up as Adrian messes around with the ball in the area, allowing Costa to close hm down. Adrian tries to turn away from the striker, who clips the goalkeeper’s shin with his studs as he tries to win the ball. Adrian’s hurt and for a moment it looks like it’s going to be a second booking for Costa. West Ham think he should be off. Anthony Taylor disagrees. Updated at 4.29pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.23pm EDT 16:23 66 min: Dimitri Payet will be on soon. “Wasn’t Havard Nordveit a trainee CB at Arsenal?” says Kelvin. “I thought he’d come good back for Arsenal then. Hope he does well for the Hammers though.” He was. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.21pm EDT 16:21 64 min: From the second corner, Willian’s delivery is met by John Terry, who heads just wide after beating Winston Reid. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EDT 16:20 63 min: West Ham are clinging on here. They’re not at the races at all. Chelsea press high and win the ball for the umpteenth time tonight. It’s moved swiftly to Willian, who swerves outside before seeing his low shot tipped wide by Adrian. From the resulting corner, Oscar tries a volley from 20 yards. Collins deflects it wide for another corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.18pm EDT 16:18 61 min: Nordtveit wallops a 60-yard pass straight out of play. The Chelsea fans jeer. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.15pm EDT 16:15 58 min: Oscar breaks behind Masuaku on the right and wins a corner for Chelsea. It comes to nothing. But a second Chelsea goal is on the way. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.13pm EDT 16:13 56 min: The game is being played exclusively in West Ham’s half. Chelsea are buzzing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EDT 16:11 54 min: Dimitri Payet is warming up. The visitors need him on. All they’re doing is hoofing it to Carroll. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EDT 16:09 52 min: Slaven Bilic makes the necessary change, replacing Michail Antonio with Sam Byram. Here’s the thing, though: Antonio should be West Ham’s right winger. Bilic barely looked at Antonio as he walked off. Antonio was straight down the tunnel. Updated at 4.10pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.08pm EDT 16:08 51 min: How long before we see Dimitri Payet come off the bench for West Ham, who are rocking. The disappointing Nordtveit loses possession in West Ham’s half again and Chelsea almost profit, only for Hazard to take long to shoot in the area. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.06pm EDT 16:06 48 min: Michail Antonio is not a right-back. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.05pm EDT 16:05 GOAL! Chelsea 1-0 West Ham (Hazard pen, 47 min) Eden Hazard’s reward for a fine performance is to blast the penalty high into the roof of the net. Chelsea deservedly lead thanks to the best player on the pitch. Eden Hazard scores the opening goal from the penalty spot. Photograph: Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.09pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EDT 16:04 PENALTY TO CHELSEA! 46 min: Moments after Diego Costa forces Adrian to save with his feet from a tight angle, Michail Antonio concedes a penalty with a ridiculous piece of defending. He inexplicably gave the ball away by trying to dribble the ball out from the back, lost it to Cesar Azpilicueta, panicked and bundled the Spaniard over. Antonio is booked. There we go. Updated at 4.08pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.03pm EDT 16:03 46 min: Off we go again. West Ham get the second half underway. There haven’t been any changes. And... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 Half-time: Chelsea 0-0 West Ham Chelsea have had the better of this. West Ham have offered nothing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 45 min+2: Willian curls the free-kick over the bar, towards the top right corner, but Adrian pushes it over for a corner. Azpilicueta heads wide from the opening corner. Willian goes close with a free-kick. Photograph: Darren Walsh/Chelsea FC via Getty Images Updated at 3.52pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.46pm EDT 15:46 45 min+1: Chelsea win a free-kick around 25 yards from the West Ham goal, Reid fouling Costa. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.45pm EDT 15:45 45 min: There will be two more minutes of this. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.44pm EDT 15:44 44 min: A Chelsea corner on the right. It leads to a scramble and West Ham get it clear. But back it comes. The second attack ends with Masuaku conceding a free-kick on the right. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.42pm EDT 15:42 43 min: West Ham have given up all thought of attacking now. They’re just kicking it anywhere. That early promise has fizzled out and Chelsea should win this match. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.40pm EDT 15:40 39 min: Andy Carroll moves it to Gokhan Tore on the right. He assesses his options, then appears to suffer a total system malfunction, freezing on the spot and simply allowing the ball to roll away from him. Chelsea counter. Oscar swings a pass straight out of play. That might be the worst minute in the history of football. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.38pm EDT 15:38 38 min: Costa shakes off a couple of West Ham defenders with a clever piece of skill to earn a sight of goal from 25 yards but his firm effort doesn’t dip in time, flashing just over the bar. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Chelsea West Ham United Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
null
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Google Android Google is secretly working on a brand-new operating system called Fuchsia Fuchsia uses a brand-new kernel independent from Linux and is designed to power devices of all sizes. By Owen Hughes August 15, 2016 18:37 BST The new Google operating systems is nicknamed Fuchsia, after the flowering plantCC Google is working on a brand-new operating system designed to run on everything from desktop PCs to smartphones and Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Code-named Fuchsia, the open-source OS is being built from scratch and unlike Android and Chrome OS is not based on Linux. Google's work on Fuchsia was spotted by Android Police via the project's GitHub page, which simply bears "Pink + Purple = Fuchsia (a new Operating System)" by way of description. This appears to be alluding to the new kernel on which the OS is based, called Magenta. According to the project's GitHub repository, Magenta is being proposed as an alternative to commercial embedded operating systems like FreeRTOS and ThreadX. However, it has also been designed to scale across everything from embedded IoT applications with limited RAM and a bounded set of functions, all the way up to modern smartphones and 64-bit Intel PCs with advanced graphics capabilities. Fuchsia will also use Google's own Dart programming and a new user interface based on Flutter, the open source mobile development framework built for creating high-performance apps in keeping with Google's Material Design language. Exactly what Google has planned for Fuchsia will remain unknown until the company decides to officially let slip on the project. One possibility is that it could eventually replace Android and Chrome OS as Google's all-encompassing operating system. Google is known to be trying to bring both platforms closer together, recently announcing that Chromebooks would be given support for Android mobile apps. On the other hand, Google has previously dismissed reports it is phasing out Chrome OS, meaning Fuchsia's implementation might be limited to embedded hardware, if it sees any implementation at all. For now, we can only speculate. More tech news from IBTimes UK Android 7.0 Nougat tipped for August rollout Google Nexus Sailfish spotted in wild? Leaked photos claim first look at new smartphone Google dismisses rumours about phasing out Chrome OS Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2... What is the Snooper's Charter and should you be worried? Here's everything you need to know The Investigatory Powers Bill will be signed into UK law later this... Black Friday: Best washing machine deals and home appliance discounts The biggest and best discounts on home appliance and white goods from... Don't crucify our geeks: Why Lauri Love's extradition is setting a dangerous precedent Accused of hacking FBI and Nasa systems, Love faces the prospect of... Telegram takes on Tumblr and Medium with anonymous blogging tool called Telegraph Ultra-secure blog site supports embedded content, photos and markdown... Sony accused of censoring negative feedback on its Bravia TVs ahead of Black Friday sales rush Sony has reportedly deleted threads raising issues with its 4K Bravia... Tor Phone: Privacy activists developing super private and secure version of Android Tor Project launching new version of Tor-enabled Android phone... Apple and Samsung must block phone use while driving, urge road safety regulators US road safety agency issues guidelines for phone makers to curb... Snooper's Charter spy law could be 'badly misused' by a future government expert warns Academic Paul Bernal slammed UK Labour Party for 'political... Google may reach settlement with Indonesia over its back taxes - Report As per an earlier calculation, Indonesia might have to pay a tax bill... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Special Report Iran-backed Shia militias tried to launch a charm offensive - but Isis had other ideas About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google’s new OS project is called Fuchsia, possibly for IoT devices By John Hoff - August 15, 2016 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google now has a veritable bag of operating systems that it can pick from when putting out new devices – Android, Chrome OS, and Chromecast among several others. But notably, it still doesn’t have one for devices that are not usually internet connected, but would gain a lot by being so – hence the Internet-of-Things (IoT). This new OS project called “Fuchsia” might just be the platform for Google’s foray into the IoT, described for now as “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System).” Fuchsia will be immediately different to Android and Google’s other platforms in the bag because it is not based on the Linux kernel. Instead, Fuchsia is built around the new Magenta kernel, which is notably designed to power Internet of Things (IoT) platforms and devices. You’d see platforms like these embedded in your Internet-ready appliances, so it is not a subtle assumption that Google is thinking of getting into that area of the market. It is very likely that we will see Fuchsia (or whatever else they deem to name it when it comes out in the market) on devices like Google Home and OnHub. You will see that these are devices that can run without Android, but can also interface with Android devices. The interesting thing about a Magenta-based platform is that while it is optimized for IoT, it can scale all the way up to smartphones and computing devices as well. And Google will not be blind to that possibility. If there is a possibility that Fuchsia can be better than Android, Google will research and study that possibility to the hilt. In the meantime, you coding and programming types can play around with Fuchsia, as it is already published on Google’s Github page and on Google Git. VIA: SlashGear Story Timeline Google ready to bring Android apps and the Play Store to Chrome OS Google’s Chromecast celebrates its third birthday Chrome 53 Beta gives in-browser payments for Android TAGS Android Chrome OS Fuschia Internet of Things operating system Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,446FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 470,078FollowersFollow 59,654SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Mobile New Nexus leak suggests an all-metal Google phone New, 67 comments by Nick Statt@nickstatt Aug 15, 2016, 1:21pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Android Police Google's latest Nexus phone is shaping up to be an all-metal device that comes in both 5-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes, according to a report from Android Police. The smaller phone, codenamed "Sailfish" and seen in the leaked image above, looks very much like the existing Nexus 5X with a fingerprint scanner on the back and same camera and front plate design. Android Police says the 5.5-inch model, codenamed "Marlin," won't look much different. In an interesting twist, the report adds Google may replace the "Nexus" logo with a "G" logo.  Both are expected to be manufactured by HTC, according to FCC filings approved today. If the news checks out, this upcoming Nexus line would mark another big shake up at Google's in-house Android phone division. Last year, the company tried a slightly larger budget model with the all-plastic LG 5X, which came with a 5.2-inch display. Google also sold the more expensive all-metal Huawei 6P, which had a whopping 5.7-inch display. It appears this go around, Google is downsizing both models, but retaining more premium materials for better build quality, perhaps as a way to compete more directly against Apple and Samsung. Google's newest Nexus phone may be an all-metal device made by HTC Google CEO Sundar Pichai said back in June that the company would be more "opinionated" about Nexus design. "You’ll see us hopefully add more features on top of Android on Nexus phones," he said at the Recode Code Conference. "There’s a lot of software innovation to be had." When asked about whether the company would ever manufacturer its own devices, Pichai shot down the possibility. "No," he said, "Our plan is still to work with OEMs to make phones." Still, it looks like a new logo and another screen size and manufacturer change show Google is ready to keep experimenting. Nexus 5X review Via: Ars Technica Source: Android Police Next Up In Circuit Breaker Let’s hope these sneakers with LED screens are not the footwear of the future You can now buy your horse the connected sweater vest Bojack never had The best Black Friday 2016 laptop deals: Surface Books, HP Spectre x360, Dell XPS 13, and more Google is updating Pixel phones with double-tap and raise-to-wake features The Sonos Play:1 speaker is $50 off for Black Friday More details on Lenovo’s newest Surface lookalike have leaked Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more This 5-second video will crash your iPhone Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Spotify’s collaborative playlists will test your family’s togetherness this Thanksgiving by Ben Popper Spotify and Sonos have gotten together for a little holiday promotion they’re calling Playlist Potluck. It lets a host create a Spotify playlist they can share via email, and anyone who’s invited can add their own track. The theme is friendship,... Gaming Editorial Virtual Reality Steam is about to take over PC gaming all over again — this time, with VR by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy For years now, Valve’s Steam service has dominated PC gaming. Not every title is on its store, and markets like GoG and Itch.io have carved out their own niche. But it’s still probably the best-known way to find and play games on any computer —... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Culture Let’s hope these sneakers with LED screens are not the footwear of the future by Lizzie Plaugic “Things to put your feet in” probably falls somewhere on Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, but there’s no way that includes these things. Vixole’s new “e-sneakers” come with an LED screen near the heel that the wearer can customize with drawings,... New, 2 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft brings Solitaire to iOS and Android by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is bringing its popular version of Solitaire to iOS and Android today. While the game as existed on Windows for more than 25 years, the modern Solitaire Collection will now be available outside of Windows for the first time. Microsoft is... New, 4 comments Apps Photography Mobile You can now turn Prisma snaps into expensive art prints by Vlad Savov Printing Prisma photos on canvas is a service that the zany printers at CanvasPop have decided to offer. New, 0 comments Google Apps Tech Google perpetuates cycle of confusion, renames Google Cast back to Chromecast by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Google appears to be removing the Google Cast name and switching it back to the original Chromecast moniker. As noted by Android Police, Google has already renamed the @GoogleCast Twitter account back to @Chromecast, and the Google Cast website... New, 12 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
UPROXX News Sections Main The Intercept Fearless, Adversarial Journalism Election 2016 Featured News Is Obama Already Counseling Trump With His Televised Speeches? News When Police Wear Body Cameras, Who Gets To See The Footage? Entertainment Sections TV Movies Hitfix What's Alan Watching Inside Television with Alan Sepinwall The Oscar Chase Chronicling the 2016 Awards Season Gaming Web Culture Featured FilmDrunk ‘Bad Santa 2’ Is An Airplane-Worthy Sequel To A Modern Classic Sepinwall 'Westworld' Frustrates With The Confusing 'Trace Decay' Sports Sections Main Dime NBA on UPROXX With Spandex Pro Wrestling on UPROXX NFL College Football MMA Featured DimeMag NBA Power Rankings Week 4: The End Of An Era In Dallas Sports Who To Start, Sit, And Scoop Up For Your Week 12 Fantasy Football Lineup Music Sections Main RealTalk Hip Hop on UPROXX Uncharted The Best Musicians You Haven't Heard of Yet Featured Movies 'The Last Waltz' Is The Best Thanksgiving Movie Ever Made Music Willie Nelson's Love For Weed Made Him A Country Revolutionary Life & Discovery Sections Main Food & Drink Smart and fresh, never basic Travel & Adventure Explore The World You Are Inheriting Health Lifehack Your Body and Soul Featured Life These Chefs Have Taken Sustainability To The Next Level Life A Native American Chef Grapples With Thanksgiving Real Stories Culture-Defining Longform Stories and Oral Histories The Story Of The Fugees' Bitter Breakup How TV And Evolving Media Technology Changed The American Presidency The Oral History Of VH1's 'Pop-Up Video' See More... Shows Featured When Police Wear Body Cameras, Who Gets To See The Footage? Is Oil Wastewater Our Next Big Ecological Crisis? Meet A Chef Who Hunts And Fishes For The Food He Serves See More... Search for: About About Privacy Terms Facebook Twitter YouTube Get UPROXX Everywhere. Follow @UPROXX Member Sign Up Sign In Meet Google Fuchsia, The Search Giant’s Mysterious New Operating System Dan Seitz 08.15.16 3 months ago Facebook Twitter EMAIL Getty Image Google primarily makes its money selling ads, but it diverts that money into all sorts of unusual projects. Tiny robots, quantum computing, emoji equality, and more are part of Google’s purview, and lately, in public, the company’s been doing something strange. Namely, it’s been creating an operating system called ‘Fuchsia,’ although nobody can figure out just what the heck the system is for. Nerds have been following Fuchsia on GitHub, the Internet’s backup dumpster for computer code, with interest. Fuchsia’s not built on the same code, Linux, that underpins Android and Chrome OS, and it appears to be designed to, among other things, interact with routers and “smart” home devices like lightbulbs and fridges. But it can also target computers and smartphones above a certain CPU speed. In other words, Fuchsia is able to talk to both your fridge and your high end smartphone, likely with the goal of being able to make them communicate. It might even allow some devices to use the processors of others temporarily to do some tasks, you know, in case your fridge needs to figure out the 1000th value of Pi. All of it points to Fuchsia being Google’s attempt to unify its sprawling network of devices, or at least create things that can talk to everything Google has its fingers in. There’s a huge pile of smartphones, Chromebooks, Chromecasts, and other technology running Google’s various operating systems. It’s something that Google has needed to streamline for a while. It’s a bit absurd that if you have a Chromebook and an Android phone, the two can’t talk to each other. We’ll see, however, just how Google plans to use Fuchsia in the future. (Via The Verge) Share This Facebook Twitter EMAIL TAGSGOOGLEmysteries Around The Web Join The Discussion: Log In With Sign In With Facebook Sign In With Twitter Sign In With Email Profile By: Dan Seitz 08.15.2016 @ 11:43 AM "Meet Google Fuchsia, The Search Giant’s Mysterious New Operating System" Profile By: headskulldolt 08.15.2016 @ 11:53 AM Everything Google does sounds like one step closer to skynet Cancel reply View all comments Also Most Teens Can’t Tell The Difference Between Real And Fake News, Despite Their Internet Fluency Chris Zois 11.22.16 24 hours ago • 10 Comments Facebook And Google Will Alter Their Policies To Help Crack Down On Fake News Stories Chris Zois 11.15.16 1 week ago • 2 Comments ‘Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them’ Invades Google Street View Dan Seitz 11.02.16 3 weeks ago Google maps tells us 2 VERY magical locations are close to each other Jill Pantozzi 10.25.16 4 weeks ago LIKE TWEET Willie Nelson’s Love Affair With Weed Made Him An Outlaw And A Country Music Revolutionary Christian Long 11.22.16 1 day ago LIKE TWEET How ‘Above The Rim’ Merged Streetball And Hip-Hop To Make A Cautionary Tale About Choices Jason Tabrys and Keith Reid-Cleveland 11.18.16 5 days ago • 6 Comments LIKE TWEET Look For The Star: How Starter Jackets Became The Iconic Clothing Of The Early ’90s Jamie Cooper 11.14.16 1 week ago • 9 Comments LIKE TWEET The Story Of The Fugees’ Bitter Breakup And Unforgettable Legacy Carl Williott 11.10.16 2 weeks ago • 13 Comments LIKE TWEET How TV And Evolving Media Technology Changed The American Presidency Jason Tabrys 11.08.16 2 weeks ago LIKE TWEET How ‘Locker Room Talk’ And Casual Misogyny Are Making Conventions Intolerable For Cosplayers Alyssa Fikse 10.31.16 3 weeks ago • 28 Comments UPROXX Job at Uproxx Contact Advertising About UPROXX Privacy Policy Staff Powered by WordPress.com VIP
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis Top Programs That Can Make Your Computer Run Faster Windows Top Programs That Can Make Your Computer Run Faster Ben Stegner Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 9 Smart Search Tools for Safari You Need To Try Browsers 9 Smart Search Tools for Safari You Need To Try Sandy Stachowiak August 15, 2016 15-08-2016 5 minutes 9 Smart Search Tools for Safari You Need To Try Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Do you currently use a specific search engine and if so, have you simply set it as the default in your Safari settings? This is a tried and true method for sure; however, there are other options. From search engines that donate revenue to search tools that allow you to find what you need faster Use These Safari Extensions to Speed Up Your Tasks Use These Safari Extensions to Speed Up Your Tasks We all want to spend less time and effort on actions that should be quick and easy, and Safari has a few terrific extensions that can help. Read More , Safari has several great and useful extensions. Lilo If you are interested in giving back, then Lilo is a good search engine option. The company supports environmental and social projects with 50 percent of the search engine’s advertising revenue. And, every time you perform a search with Lilo, you earn a drop of water that equals one point and corresponds to the money you are generating. You can then choose from a list of projects to donate your drops of water to on the Lilo.org website. From GreenWave to Empower Generation, there are 12 different worthy options. Ads by Google After you install the Lilo extension, you use it by just clicking the button in the Safari toolbar. Then select New Search and you will land on the Lilo engine to enter your search term. The extension also offers a few settings to customize. The company states that they do not collect information and are opposed to advertisement tracking. Ecosia Another search engine that donates advertisement revenue is Ecosia. So, if you like this concept and want to help plant trees, then this is one to check out. The company donates 80 percent of their monthly profits to plant trees in Burkina Faso, West Africa. While it is more beneficial to click on an advertisement you see when searching with Ecosia, you are still helping if you do not. Spreading the word by being an active user assists the company in their mission. To use Ecosia for your searches, you will need to adjust your settings. Navigate to your Safari Preferences > Extensions. Make sure that Ecosia is enabled and the Forward Searches to Ecosia box is also checked. Then to search, just type your keyword into the Safari URL field and watch Ecosia kick in. BB Toolbar for Google and Safari Formerly named Google Toolbar 12 Extensions for Safari That Can Really Make You More Efficient 12 Extensions for Safari That Can Really Make You More Efficient Essential add-ons can add not only convenience, but more efficiency. Safari offers some terrific tools, between toolbars and buttons that can help you improve your work and even your play on this popular browser. Read More , BB Toolbar for Google and Safari, provides the same types of Google services with plenty of features. First, as the name implies, a convenient toolbar will be displayed which is fully customizable and of course, includes a Google search box. You can then choose to add buttons for everything from YouTube to Facebook to Google Maps to Google Calendar. The next cool feature of this extension is the pop-up accessible from the button in your Safari toolbar. This lets you open the same sites and services as the toolbar and includes a Google search box. But, it also includes tabs for your bookmarks, trending topics, and notifications (with a badge count). This pop-up feature, just like the toolbar, is customizable. Omnikey Omnikey is a unique search tool in that it allows you to enter search terms directly into your Safari URL field to search Improve Your Safari Experience with These 10 Tips Improve Your Safari Experience with These 10 Tips Don’t you wish you could fix a few Safari quirks here, speed up a few things there? A good mix of in-built features and extensions is all it takes. Read More on specific sites. You can customize the list by removing or adding sites and picking a key for each. You can also choose a default site from the drop-down box if you like. This is a useful extension if you search for items on a particular site often. For example, with Amazon as your default, you can enter a product into your URL field and you will then be directed to that item on the Amazon website. If you choose not to set a default, the extension works by entering the indicated key and then the item. For instance, to look for a show on RottenTomatoes.com, just enter rt in front of the show name in the URL field. Again, you will be taken directly to the item page on that site. OpenSearch For searching multiple sites without having to reenter your search terms over and over, OpenSearch is a terrific extension. Just click the button in your Safari toolbar and a pop-up window will open displaying a search box. Enter your keywords Power up Safari with Your Favorite Features from Chrome and Firefox Power up Safari with Your Favorite Features from Chrome and Firefox It would be convenient if you could port your favorite Chrome/Firefox features to Safari, right? We’ll show you which features you can add to Safari and how to make that happen. Read More and then select the search engine from the list. If you are not happy with the results on the site you searched, you can simply select another from the list. You do not have to reenter your search terms, which is really nice. Additionally, you can add and remove sites from the list. If you visit a site with a search plugin, the button will automatically display a badge alert letting you know along with a simple button to add that site to your list. Search Preview If you have used Firefox or Chrome Mac & iOS Users: Why Aren't You Using Safari Yet? Mac & iOS Users: Why Aren't You Using Safari Yet? Apple's browser is now a polished first-party product that's exclusive to Mac and iOS devices. So why aren't you using it? Read More in the past, they you may be familiar with Search Preview. This convenient extension displays a preview image one your search results page. What makes this a great search helper is that you can quickly scan the page for a glimpse at what the website looks like before selecting it. So, if there is a page that you forgot to save to your bookmarks and would recognize it easily, these previews can be a big help. The extension currently works when searching with Google, Bing, Yahoo!, and DuckDuckGo. Search Helper If you are a fan of the Yahoo! search engine, then Search Helper is the perfect add-on for you. This handy tool will make your search terms more prominent on the results page. This allows you to see exactly what you are looking for at a glance. With the extension, you can choose an emphasis from highlight, bold, or underline. You can also choose the color from nine options, which will apply to the whichever emphasis you pick. Then, when Yahoo! displays your search results, the specific term you used will pop out in the list for easier scanning. SmartSearch and AnySearch SmartSearch and AnySearch are very similar extensions that offer the same feature, which is the ability to choose your search engine from the list. Each of these makes picking the site you want to search with fast and easy. SmartSearch provides six common sites from Amazon to Google. AnySearch, on the other hand, offers 17 options. With major sites like Bing and Yahoo! to specific ones like Facebook and YouTube, the variety is good. AnySearch also provides a custom search engine addition feature along with the option to set your default. Do You Use Search Extensions in Safari? From supporting environmental and social organizations to simply quicker ways to search various engines, Safari certainly has extensions The Ultimate Guide to Customizing Safari on Mac The Ultimate Guide to Customizing Safari on Mac Customize Safari. From adding favicons to your tabs to changing how Reader Mode looks, Apple's web browser is way more flexible than you think. Read More to help. Do you use one of these tools and swear by it? Or, do you just set the default site in your Safari settings and go? Feel free to share your thoughts with us in the comments! Image Credit: Watchara via Shutterstock.com Previous Post6 Simple Steps to Be a Better Student with ChromeNext PostHow to Enable Chrome’s New Material Design Theme 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Sandy Stachowiak 129 articles Sandy is a full-time freelance writer and former IT project and department manager. She loves to write, especially about technology. In her spare time, you can catch her enjoying iPad games, playing with her dog, and hanging out with family. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Kannon Yamada November 22, 2016 22-11-2016 Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Advertisement Trending Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free iPhone and iPad Tech News Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free Dave Parrack November 21, 2016 21-11-2016 Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 7 Simple Steps to Diagnose a Network Problem Windows 7 Simple Steps to Diagnose a Network Problem Ben Stegner November 17, 2016 17-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles 8 Great Safari Extensions for Bookmark and Tab Management Browsers 8 Great Safari Extensions for Bookmark and Tab Management Sandy Stachowiak October 27, 2016 27-10-2016 Top 5 Free Websites for Quality Copyright Free Photographs Creative Top 5 Free Websites for Quality Copyright Free Photographs Christian Bonilla October 26, 2016 26-10-2016 Tired of Google? 4 Great Alternative Search Apps for Android Android Tired of Google? 4 Great Alternative Search Apps for Android Bertel King, Jr. October 13, 2016 13-10-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe 6 min read Marketing Bootcamp Why Smart Social-Media Marketing Is Brilliant SEO Strategy Image credit: gmstockstudio | Khomkrit Phonsai | Shutterstock Jayson DeMers Contributor Founder and CEO, AudienceBloom Marketing Bootcamp 5 Business-Blogging Mistakes -- and How to Fix Them Marketing Bootcamp Beat the Marketing Competition With Data Analysis Marketing Bootcamp 5 Ways Your Old Blogs Can Generate New Leads ON-DEMAND EVENT STRATEGIES TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS Watch Now August 15, 2016 Occasionally, I’ll hear online marketing experts attempt to describe various marketing strategies in discrete contexts and to an extent, this is appropriate. Content marketing, search engine optimization (SEO) and social media marketing can all be planned and executed separately. You could hypothetically pursue each one as an individual endeavor. However, it’s far more effective if you use these strategies in conjunction with one another, complementing and enhancing your efforts. Content amplifies your SEO campaign by attracting more links and optimizing for certain key phrases and social media feeds into your content campaign by amplifying its reach. But how exactly does social media play into SEO? Can your social media campaign improve your organic search rankings? Profile information. One of the first steps you take in a social media marketing campaign is claiming and filling out your social profiles with information about your company from your name and type of business to your address and phone number. This is indexable content and it can indirectly help your local rankings; many third-party review sites mine social media profiles for local business information, which they then compile into entries on their site. Google then uses these entries to form its own standard formatting for local business, which means filling out your social media profiles could improve the visibility and accuracy of your business online. Related: 5 Startups That Are Killing It With Social Media Marketing The power of inbound links. There are two main factors that Google considers when ranking results for a given query -- relevance and authority. The relevance of an entry is how appropriately it meets the needs of the given search query, while the authority is how trustworthy or respectable the source is. Authority is determined, in large part, by the inbound link profile of the page (and its domain) in question. To ridiculously oversimplify things, the more, higher-authority links you have pointing to you, the higher you’re going to rank. This principle is the single biggest reason why social media is important to SEO and it’s all because of social media’s operation as a syndication platform. The links in Facebook posts, tweets or other social posts don’t have an impact on your search rankings directly, but the amplified reach they provide your content can result in it attracting more inbound links from sources that do make an impact. Social media as a syndication platform. The greatest advantage social media has as a marketing channel is its ability to distribute content and links to a wide audience -- and an ever-increasing one if you know how to build your following. Syndicating an article on social media could instantly open it to hundreds or thousands of new eyes and those readers could share it further. This alone won’t do you much good from an SEO perspective, but every interested reader could be a blogger, journalist, editor or otherwise have the potential to build a natural link to your content as they reference it in their own work -- which means social media can and will greatly increase the breadth and potential of your inbound link profile. Related: How to Make Time for Social Media Marketing Furthermore, posting your content on social media could open the door to another path of social media visibility. Google now indexes content from Facebook, Twitter and presumably more social media platforms to come. If your timing and relevance is right, your post could directly show up in search results. Social signals. There’s been some debate in the SEO community about whether or not “social signals” can affect your search rankings, and what, exactly, “social signals” are in the first place. This is mostly because Google has both explicitly confirmed and explicitly denied the presence of social signals in its search ranking algorithm. The hypothesis is that articles that receive a high number of social media shares will get an additional boost in perceived authority -- which makes sense on paper, but the empirical evidence varies. In Searchmetrics’ "Top 5 Ranking Factors for 2015", Google+ +1s had a correlation of 0.31 with rankings, with Facebook shares at 0.28, Tweets at 0.23 and Pinterest pins at 0.23. Moz released its report with similar numbers around the same time. While it’s not possible to equate correlation with causation, it’s safe to say that articles with more shares tend to have more visibility, traffic and inbound links, so there’s a real SEO benefit there either way. If you’re interested in the rest of the ranking factors from the two studies, see this infographic. Influencer marketing and publishing opportunities. Social media is also a conduit for making new connections, with influencers who already have a sizable following and reputation as well as external publications who might work with you to publish your content as a guest post. If you can attract the attention of users within these two categories, you can greatly increase your range of influence. In this context, social media is a tool you can use to earn more diversified SEO opportunities. Related: Social-Media Marketing Is Not Dead: 10 Companies That Are Still Rocking It Keys for long-term success. The bottom-line answer is yes, your social media campaign can and will improve your search rankings, so long as you bear the following best practices in mind for long-term success: Fill out your profiles. This should be your very first step. You never know what information could be useful, so fill in every field completely. Promote your content via social media (and beyond). Content promotion is your greatest shortcut to greater search engine visibility, so make the most of it and syndicate every piece of content you develop. For help, see Content Unleashed: The Ultimate Guide to Promoting Your Published Content. Encourage shares. Publish content that has a high potential for shareability, and encourage your users to share them. This will earn you more social signals, more inbound links, and more audience members to support you in the future. Engage with influencers. Finally, go out of your way to find and interact with influencers. They represent major opportunities to multiply your audience and brand visibility. With these best practices and your social media campaign integrated tightly into your content marketing and SEO efforts, you’ll see an impactful increase in every area of development. Social media may only be a peripheral component to your strategy, but that doesn’t leave it with any less potential. Jayson DeMers Jayson DeMers is founder and CEO of AudienceBloom, a Seattle-based SEO agency. He's the author of the ebook, “The Definitive Guide to Marketing Your Business Online.” Read more Social Media Marketing Search Social Media Marketing Content Marketing Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Britta O'Boyle and Chris Hall4 October 2016Phones Google Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google's Nexus programme gave birth to a pure Android smartphone or two every year. The idea behind Nexus was always to showcase Android in its purest form, away from the poking and prodding of manufacturer skins. Importantly, Nexus was a chance for Google to say "this is what Android is". But this year brings some big changes. The biggest change is a shift from the Nexus programme entirely and into Pixel. The message is clear from the Pixel launch: in 2016, it's all about being "Made By Google." Here is everything you need to know about the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. Google Pixel: Manufacturer Two smartphones, probably made by HTC Launched as Pixel devices, not Nexus Google has changed things up for 2016, opting for Pixel branding instead of Nexus. Of course, Google hasn't just built a factory that assembles smartphones so a manufacturer is behind the Pixel and Pixel XL, though it might never be confirmed who. The weight of rumours suggest HTC is responsible, and both devices look like HTC-built handsets, even if we will likely only ever know them as "Made By Google". Sources talking to The Information earlier in 2016 claimed that Google was looking to play a much greater role in the hardware design, as well as software, making the smartphone manufacturer more of a contractor than a partner, which has clearly happened. Google Nexus vs Google Pixel: What's the difference? Google Pixel XL review: Android's new heavyweight champion Google Pixel review: Pure, wonderful, enhanced Android Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Design Metal body with an upper rear section made of glass Same design, different sizes, both 8.6mm slim Rear fingerprint sensor The Pixel is the smaller of the two devices, while the Pixel XL is the larger, suggested in its name. The Pixel measures 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.6mm and weighs 143g, while the Pixel XL measures 154.7 x 75.7 x 8.6mm and weighs 168g. Both have the same design, offering a mostly metal build with a glass panel for the top third of the rear. Within this panel is a centralised, circular fingerprint sensor, while the rear camera and flash sit flush in the top left corner. There's a chamfer at the front edges, similar to what you'll find on the HTC 10. Speakers are positioned at the bottom of the devices, either side of the USB Type-C charging port. The power button and volume rocker are both on the right-hand side of the device but that's it when it comes to physical buttons. The front of both handsets sees just a speaker at the top, with a sensor below and a front camera in the top on the left. The Pixel and Pixel XL will be available in Quite Black, Very Silver and Really Blue colour options. Google Pixel XL preview: A new, costly, Google overlord Google Pixel mocks iPhone with 'Quite Black', 'Very Silver' and 'Really Blue' colours Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Display Google Pixel has a 5-inch Full HD display Google Pixel XL has a 5.5-inch Quad HD display Both offer Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protection As we mentioned above, the Pixel is the smaller of the two new devices, offering a 5-inch AMOLED display. It has a Full HD resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 441ppi and it has Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protection. The Google Pixel XL has a Quad HD resolution across its 5.5-inch display, meaning a slightly higher pixel density of 534ppi. It too is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4 and it also offers AMOLED technology.  The AMOLED technology should mean we can expect rich and vibrant colours from the Pixel and Pixel XL. Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Camera Pixel and Pixel XL both have 12.3-megapixel rear camera Both devices have an 8-megapixel front camera The Google Pixel and Pixel XL both have a 12.3-megapixel rear camera with a f/2.0 aperture and 1.55µm pixels, like last year's Nexus 6P. The front of both devices also sees an 8-megapixel camera, again like the Nexus 6P. In terms of features, there is video image stabilisation and something called Smartburst, which is claimed to be great for capturing action shots. Additionally, the Pixel and Pixel XL camera will also use a feature called HDR+ by default. This is said to produce clear, vivid results even in challenging conditions by minimising noise and extending dynamic range, by fusing multiple shots together. Google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P: What's the difference? Google Pixel vs Nexus 5X: What's the difference? Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Hardware and specs The Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones offer almost identical hardware specifications, which might not come as much of a surprise given the similarities in camera and design. Pixel specs Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset, 4GB RAM, 32GB/128GB storage 5-inch 1920 x 1080 resolution display, 441ppi 2770mAh battery The Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip sits under the hood, supported by 4GB of RAM and either 32GB or 128GB of internal storage. There is no microSD support, which will come as no surprise to Nexus fans. A 2770mAh battery is under the hood, supporting Quick Charge, which offers users 7 hours charge in 15 minutes. Google Pixel preview: Arise my Pixel apprentice Pixel XL specs Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset, 4GB RAM, 32GB/128GB storage 5.5-inch 2560 x 1440 resolution display, 534ppi 3450mAh battery It was suggested that the Pixel XL would be the larger and more powerful handset, but instead, it has turned out the only difference is size. Like the Pixel, it has the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip, which is a tweaked version of the 820, offering a 10 per cent performance increase over the Snapdragon 820. Qualcomm itself mentions virtual reality several times when talking about this chipset so the Daydream-readiness is not surprising. Like the Pixel, the Pixel XL comes in 32GB and 128GB models, and again, there is no microSD support. A 3450mAh battery capacity keeps things ticking along, with Quick Charging on board again, like the Pixel.  Google Pixel vs Pixel XL: What's the difference? Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Software Android Nougat 7.1, with new Pixel Launcher Round icons Google Assistant built-in The Pixels arrive with the next version of Android from the box, called Android Nougat. Although this was released recently, the Pixels are running an updated version with 7.1. There is a new launcher and all the apps are now round like the Chrome app. The Pixels are the first phones to feature Google Assistant built-in and they are also the first Daydream-ready phones. Google Duo, a video calling app will be pre-installed and the Pixels will also come with unlimited storage for photos and videos, through Google Photos. Android 7.0 Nougat review: Subtle but super-sweet OS update Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Release date and price Release date 20 October Pixel has a starting price of £599/$649 Pixel XL has a starting price of £719 The Pixel and Pixel XL will be available from 20 October, with pre-orders starting in the UK, US, Australia, Canada and Germany on the Google Store from 4 October. India will be able to pre-order from 13 October. Prices for the Pixel start at £599/$649 or $27 a month in the US. Prices for the Pixel XL start at £719, creeping up to £819 for the 128GB. The Pixels will be available through the Google Store, EE, Dixons Carphone, Verizon, Best Buy, Project Fi, Rogers, Telus, Bell, Wireless Wave, T-Mobile, Telstra, JB Hi-Fi, Flipkart, Reliance Digital and Croma. Google Pixel and Pixel XL: When and where can I get them? Sections Google HTC Phones Best smartphones 2016: The best phones available to buy today Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Best budget smartphones 2016: The best phones available to buy for under £200 Apple iOS 10 tips and tricks: See what your iPhone and iPad can do now Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Which iPhone is best for you? iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, iPhone 6S Plus or iPhone 7 Plus? OnePlus 3T review: Three cheers for the best mid-price phone Samsung follows in Apple's footsteps by making a gloss black S7 Edge HTC 10 Evo review: Hands-on with HTC's big screen 10 HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10: What's the difference? HTC 10 Evo is metal and waterproof, but may have a dicky ticker Motorola’s Moto Z is now Daydream-ready, thanks to Nougat Carl Pei: Smartphone's big disruptor talks OnePlus 3T, Daydream VR and focus Want a OnePlus 3T early? Get yourself down to O2 on Oxford St this Thursday Huawei P10: What's the story so far? Amazing Black Friday deal: Grab an Amazon Fire tablet for just £30, Fire TV Stick just £25 Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Samsung KS8000 SUHD TV review: Hitting the 4K HDR sweet spot Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Amazon Echo: What can Alexa do and what services are compatible? Which iPhone is best for you? iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, iPhone 6S Plus or iPhone 7 Plus? Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Sonos tips and tricks: Get the most out of your multi-room system Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Nexus 2016 release date photos put function over form Chris Burns - Aug 15, 2016 5 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google’s 2016 Nexus smartphone set seems to follow the same rules as previous launches – in which Google is aiming for a top quality phone, not so much a phone that looks pretty. Google seems – in the photos we’re seeing today – to be making sure this as-yet-unreleased smartphone is able to do two things: feel good to hold and function especially well. Why else would the bottom of the back of the phone be metal while the top 1/3rd of the back of the device is an unsightly reflective glass? Above is a close-up photo of Google’s current hero phone, the Huawei-made Nexus 6P. The rest of the images seen in this article come from Android Police and seem to be the final form of not just one device, but two. These device photos look very likely to be release-date-accurate – meaning they’re probably going to be a good indicator of exactly what we’ll see this October (or thereabouts). Both the Nexus 5X replacement – “Sailfish” and the the Nexus 6P replacement “Marlin” are tipped to be appearing with very, very similar specifications. Google Phone “Sailfish” Nexus by HTC • Display: 5-inch 1080p (440PPI) • Processor: Quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit (Qualcomm Snapdragon) • RAM: 4GB • Battery: 2770mAh • Internal Storage: 32GB • Cameras: 12MP rear camera, 8MP front • Fingerprint Scanner: Yes, rear-mounted • Connectivity: USB-C, Bluetooth 4.2 • Speaker: “bottom-firing” • Headphone Jack: Yes The information you see above and below comes from a variety of anonymous tipster sources and information gleaned from many years of similar releases from a variety of Android smartphone manufacturers. Until Google shows these devices off (likely in October of 2016), we do not know what Google’s official specifications will be. It seems very clear at this point that HTC will be the sole manufacturer here. Google Phone “Marlin” Nexus by HTC • Display: 5.5-inch QHD (2K 2560 x 1440) AMOLED • Processor: Quad-core 2.0GHz 64-bit (Qualcomm Snapdragon) • RAM: 4GB • Battery: 3450mAh • Internal Storage: 32GB / 128GB • Cameras: 12MP rear camera, 8MP front • Fingerprint Scanner: Yes, rear-mounted • Connectivity: USB-C, Bluetooth 4.2 • Speaker: “bottom-firing” • Headphone Jack: Yes Similar – but not the same – as what Google did last year, both phones will be along the same lines in quality. The difference here is in the camera (it’ll be the same for both devices), and in build materials (they’ll be metal and glass, the both of them). Screen size will be different, battery size will be different, and resolution on each device will be different as well. Have a peek at our recent timeline of events surrounding this Nexus release schedule and let us know if you’re looking forward to this drop! Story Timeline HTC Nexus phones release date and details leak New Nexus phones might also have a new app launcher Google Nexus launcher apk download released for Android Nexus 2016 details and release date specs appear like Nexus 6P HTC Google Nexus "Sailfish" smartphone lands on AnTuTu Tags AndroidgooglehardwareHTCleaksNexus 6Nexus 6Psmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines 2016 is saved as Microsoft Solitaire hits iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 The government wants to cripple your phone while driving Nov 23, 2016 Blizzard Black Friday 2016 sale includes Warcraft, Overwatch deals Nov 23, 2016 How to stream the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade 2016 live Nov 23, 2016 Rocket League Game of the Year Edition drives onto PS4 and PC Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
null
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu UNGOOGLEABLE Google is working on a new operating system that is mystifying the internet Written by Mike Murphy August 15, 2016 I wonder what Android's mascot thinks of this. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Mike Murphy August 15, 2016 This post has been updated with a comment from Google. Google, maker of the most ubiquitous mobile operating system in the world, is apparently working on a new one. A project called “Fuchsia”—first uncovered by readers of the aggregation site Hacker News—showed up on the code repository site GitHub Friday (Aug. 12). Fuchsia appears to be a new project from two Google engineers with experience in embedded systems—computer systems that don’t need full-blown operating systems, like a car dashboard or a microwave. The GitHub page doesn’t offer too many clues about the intended use of Fuchsia—there’s just a somewhat cryptic message at the top, saying, “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System).” According to The Verge, the operating system is based on a piece of code called Magenta, which could be the pink part of the message, although it’s unclear what the purple part is. (Google is also working on a very different project called Magenta, so perhaps the company is just really into pinkish hues right now.) A Google spokesperson confirmed to Quartz that this is an active project at the company that isn’t related to either the Android or Chrome operating systems, but wouldn’t share what it’ll be for. And that hasn’t stopped the internet from trying to imagine what it could be. The Verge suggested it could be the long-rumored replacement for both Google’s Chrome and Android operating systems, and readers on Hacker News believe it could be the next version of Android, or for an as-yet-unreleased Google augmented reality device. Whatever it’s for, if it’s for anything at all, we’ll have to wait and see. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search

Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe 6 min read Marketing Bootcamp Why Smart Social-Media Marketing Is Brilliant SEO Strategy Image credit: gmstockstudio | Khomkrit Phonsai | Shutterstock Jayson DeMers Contributor Founder and CEO, AudienceBloom Marketing Bootcamp 5 Business-Blogging Mistakes -- and How to Fix Them Marketing Bootcamp Beat the Marketing Competition With Data Analysis Marketing Bootcamp 5 Ways Your Old Blogs Can Generate New Leads ON-DEMAND EVENT STRATEGIES TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS Watch Now August 15, 2016 Occasionally, I’ll hear online marketing experts attempt to describe various marketing strategies in discrete contexts and to an extent, this is appropriate. Content marketing, search engine optimization (SEO) and social media marketing can all be planned and executed separately. You could hypothetically pursue each one as an individual endeavor. However, it’s far more effective if you use these strategies in conjunction with one another, complementing and enhancing your efforts. Content amplifies your SEO campaign by attracting more links and optimizing for certain key phrases and social media feeds into your content campaign by amplifying its reach. But how exactly does social media play into SEO? Can your social media campaign improve your organic search rankings? Profile information. One of the first steps you take in a social media marketing campaign is claiming and filling out your social profiles with information about your company from your name and type of business to your address and phone number. This is indexable content and it can indirectly help your local rankings; many third-party review sites mine social media profiles for local business information, which they then compile into entries on their site. Google then uses these entries to form its own standard formatting for local business, which means filling out your social media profiles could improve the visibility and accuracy of your business online. Related: 5 Startups That Are Killing It With Social Media Marketing The power of inbound links. There are two main factors that Google considers when ranking results for a given query -- relevance and authority. The relevance of an entry is how appropriately it meets the needs of the given search query, while the authority is how trustworthy or respectable the source is. Authority is determined, in large part, by the inbound link profile of the page (and its domain) in question. To ridiculously oversimplify things, the more, higher-authority links you have pointing to you, the higher you’re going to rank. This principle is the single biggest reason why social media is important to SEO and it’s all because of social media’s operation as a syndication platform. The links in Facebook posts, tweets or other social posts don’t have an impact on your search rankings directly, but the amplified reach they provide your content can result in it attracting more inbound links from sources that do make an impact. Social media as a syndication platform. The greatest advantage social media has as a marketing channel is its ability to distribute content and links to a wide audience -- and an ever-increasing one if you know how to build your following. Syndicating an article on social media could instantly open it to hundreds or thousands of new eyes and those readers could share it further. This alone won’t do you much good from an SEO perspective, but every interested reader could be a blogger, journalist, editor or otherwise have the potential to build a natural link to your content as they reference it in their own work -- which means social media can and will greatly increase the breadth and potential of your inbound link profile. Related: How to Make Time for Social Media Marketing Furthermore, posting your content on social media could open the door to another path of social media visibility. Google now indexes content from Facebook, Twitter and presumably more social media platforms to come. If your timing and relevance is right, your post could directly show up in search results. Social signals. There’s been some debate in the SEO community about whether or not “social signals” can affect your search rankings, and what, exactly, “social signals” are in the first place. This is mostly because Google has both explicitly confirmed and explicitly denied the presence of social signals in its search ranking algorithm. The hypothesis is that articles that receive a high number of social media shares will get an additional boost in perceived authority -- which makes sense on paper, but the empirical evidence varies. In Searchmetrics’ "Top 5 Ranking Factors for 2015", Google+ +1s had a correlation of 0.31 with rankings, with Facebook shares at 0.28, Tweets at 0.23 and Pinterest pins at 0.23. Moz released its report with similar numbers around the same time. While it’s not possible to equate correlation with causation, it’s safe to say that articles with more shares tend to have more visibility, traffic and inbound links, so there’s a real SEO benefit there either way. If you’re interested in the rest of the ranking factors from the two studies, see this infographic. Influencer marketing and publishing opportunities. Social media is also a conduit for making new connections, with influencers who already have a sizable following and reputation as well as external publications who might work with you to publish your content as a guest post. If you can attract the attention of users within these two categories, you can greatly increase your range of influence. In this context, social media is a tool you can use to earn more diversified SEO opportunities. Related: Social-Media Marketing Is Not Dead: 10 Companies That Are Still Rocking It Keys for long-term success. The bottom-line answer is yes, your social media campaign can and will improve your search rankings, so long as you bear the following best practices in mind for long-term success: Fill out your profiles. This should be your very first step. You never know what information could be useful, so fill in every field completely. Promote your content via social media (and beyond). Content promotion is your greatest shortcut to greater search engine visibility, so make the most of it and syndicate every piece of content you develop. For help, see Content Unleashed: The Ultimate Guide to Promoting Your Published Content. Encourage shares. Publish content that has a high potential for shareability, and encourage your users to share them. This will earn you more social signals, more inbound links, and more audience members to support you in the future. Engage with influencers. Finally, go out of your way to find and interact with influencers. They represent major opportunities to multiply your audience and brand visibility. With these best practices and your social media campaign integrated tightly into your content marketing and SEO efforts, you’ll see an impactful increase in every area of development. Social media may only be a peripheral component to your strategy, but that doesn’t leave it with any less potential. Jayson DeMers Jayson DeMers is founder and CEO of AudienceBloom, a Seattle-based SEO agency. He's the author of the ebook, “The Definitive Guide to Marketing Your Business Online.” Read more Social Media Marketing Search Social Media Marketing Content Marketing Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version August 15, 2016 - 18:36 AMT SHARE Google working on new operating system named Fuchsia Google appears to have started work on a completely new operating system, but no one knows quite what it's for. The project's name is Fuchsia, and it currently exists as a growing pile of code on the search giant's code depository and on GitHub too. The fledgling OS has a number of interesting features, but so far Google has yet to comment on its intended function. The operating system does not use the Linux kernel — a core of basic code that underpins both Android and Chrome OS, The Verge reports. There have been a number of suggestions on what Fuchsia is for. Some people think it could be used to "unify" Chrome OS and Android into a single operating system (a plan that was first rumored last year, with the new OS said to be scheduled for a 2017 release), while others say it could be used to power hardware like Google's OnHub router or third-party internet of things devices. Looking into Fuchsia's code points gives us a few clues. For example, the OS is built on Magenta, a "medium-sized microkernel" that is itself based on a project called LittleKernel, which is designed to be used in embedded systems (computers that have a specialized function and often don't need an actual operating system, like the software in a digital watch). Similarly, both of the developers listed on Fuchsia's GitHub page — Christopher Anderson and Brian Swetland — are experts in embedded systems. Swetland is a senior software engineer at Google and Anderson has previously worked on the company's Android TV and Nexus Q projects. However, the Magenta kernel can do a lot more than just power a router. Google's own documentation says the software "targets modern phones and modern personal computers" that use "fast processors" and "non-trivial amounts of RAM." It notes that Magenta supports a number of advanced features, including user modes and a "capability-based security model." Further evidence that Fuchsia is intended for more than just Wi-Fi-connected gadgets include the fact that Google already has its own IoT platform (the Android-based Brillo), and the fact that the new OS includes support for graphics rendering. Some users of Hacker News have even suggested that Fuchsia could be use for augmented reality interfaces. This is just speculation for now, and the only real description we have of Fuchsia is what it says at the top of the GitHub page: "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." The question of why the project would be revealed in this way is also confusing, although when pressed on the subject during an IRC chat, Swetland reportedly said: "The decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning." SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
Menu CSO Mobile Security Data Protection Identity & Access SecurityWatch CISO Leaders CSO Events Resources/Whitepapers Women in Security Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + RSS Feed Login Username Password Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up now close ​Scammers put a bogus Android security patch app in Google Play Liam Tung (CSO Online) on 16 August, 2016 02:08 0 - - - - print email Scammers put a fake Android security patch app in Google Play to infect smartphones. The bogus patch, packaged as an app, was briefly available in Google Play and purported to fix the so-called QuadRooter bugs that were revealed by security firm Check Point last week. QuadRooter consisted of four bugs that affect as many as 900 million Android smartphones with Qualcomm chips inside. Devices could be compromised if users installed a malicious app that exploits the bugs. Google has released patches for three of the four bugs, and will provide a patch for the fourth bug in a future update. But while the fixes are already available for Google’s own Nexus devices, it’s still not known which handsets from Google’s Android partners have received the update. Likely though, very few. Sony last week promised to soon release the patch for certain Xperia devices, according to Android Authority. Perhaps exploiting the uncertainty about which devices will receive the Android security updates, scammers published two Android apps on Google Play that claimed to fix QuadRooter flaws but instead serve unwanted ads. According to security firm ESET, Google has now pulled the two offending apps from Google Play. Both were both called “Fix Patch QuadRooter” from a publisher Kiwiapps Ltd. ESET researchers said it is the first time fake Android security patches have been used to lure potential victims. The same ruse has been employed to infect Windows systems with malware, but on Android a more common cover for spreading malicious apps is to rig bogus versions of popular games. Lukáš Štefanko, an ESET researcher is concerned if this technique sets a trend. “What worries me, for example, is that fake patches – on top of having the potential to really attract users’ attention – have a valid reason to require every possible permission,” noted Štefanko. Read more Security is more than User Education – it’s About Cultural Change “If an app promises to make any fix to your system, it’s a scam,” he added. Google has stepped up pressure on Android device makers and carriers to more promptly deliver patches it creates, however the only devices that are guaranteed to receive Google’s monthly security updates are its own Nexus line. Devices from other manufacturers, particularly older models, often never receive the patches. This confusion over timing and delivery arguably could prompt concerned Android owners to go in search of a security fix. Google meanwhile has assured Android users that its Verify Apps feature, which is on by default in Android 4.2 and above, could block malicious apps that attempt to exploit the QuadRooter flaws. However, the only real fix is a patch that contains fixes for all four bugs. Read more A ransomware infection is only the beginning of your malware problems: Cisco Read More: ​Quadrooter - four Qualcomm bugs that leave your Android phone completely rooted Policies and Procedures are the foundation for your security strategy. Are they up to date? Brand Post AISA 2016: ​Simplification will drive the next generation of infosec success More from Tenable Network Security Join the CSO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags scammersESET malwarefake softwareAndroid securityAndroidQuadrooter bugsIT Securitysecurity patchesransomwarecyber securityCheck Point Software TechnologiesGoogle Playbugs and security failures More about Check PointESETGoogleQualcommSony Read next IoT attacks could bring real-world damage The week in security: The IoT DDoS apocalypse may come as soon ... ​One bank's answer to card skimmers? ATM withdrawals using a smartphone Security is no fiction: Infosec on TV, film—and in space Hacking competitions that will get you noticed CSO Webinar: 21st-century whalers will harpoon your profits – and conventional defences ... Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Whitepapers Exposure Response Troubling trends in network security Case Study: Mimecast Unified Email Management Helps Oliver Hume Keep Vital Email Flowing and Secure 6 Ways to Combat Whaling, the Most Deadly Business Security Threat Editor's Recommendations ​One bank's answer to card skimmers? ATM withdrawals using a smartphone ​Protecting privileged accounts in the cloud ​Load Balancing: The Key to Business Continuity in the Cloud Solution Centres LogRhythm Security Intelligence Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Gigamon Network Security Zone Stories by Liam Tung ​DoD opens Hack the Army and reveals how not to be sued for research ​One bank's answer to card skimmers? ATM withdrawals using a smartphone ​Google Chrome will block thousands of sites using SHA-1 certs from January 2017 How to stop Internet Things turning on us? Government intervention, says Bruce Schneier Latest Videos CSO Webinar: 21st-century whalers will harpoon your profits – and conventional defences can't stop them Play Video CSO Webinar: So, you’ve put your data in the cloud. How will you keep it safe? Play Video CSO Webinar: Will your data protection strategy be enough when disaster strikes? Play Video CSO Webinar: The Human Factor - Your people are your biggest security weakness Play Video CSO Webinar: Current ransomware defences are failing – but machine learning can drive a more proactive solution Play Video More videos Blog Posts ​Mossack Fonseca - Insider Threat - What would you do? Matthew Hackling Awareness Matt Tett Are you on the backfoot? Jarrod Loidl Internet Security....the final word.....well maybe the second final.....ah, maybe one more after that..... Drazen Drazic Send Us E-mail | Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Subscribe to emails | Contacts Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO | CMO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Home Login/Sign up Sections Industries Industries Banking & Finance Health Government Retail Manufacturing Data Protection Data Protection Application Security Network Security Cloud Security Social Networking Security Wireless / Mobile Security Malware / Cybercrime Data Privacy PCI & Compliance IT Audit Social Engineering Identity & Access Identity & Access Access Control Identity Management Identity Theft Prevention Mobile Security Security Leadership Security Leadership Compliance Executive Communication Security Awareness Strategic Planning / ERM Metrics / Budgets Security Industry Global Security Security Career Staffing Risk Management RSA 2014 Women in Security News Features Opinions Blogs Reviews EThreatz Resources / Whitepapers Galleries Events CSO Directory RSS Feed
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Business How to Read Between the Lines of Tim Cook’s Epic Interview The Apple CEO covered almost everything—but it’s what he didn’t say that’s most interesting. by Jamie Condliffe August 15, 2016 To celebrate five years as CEO of Apple, Tim Cook has given a very long, exclusive interview to the Washington Post about his experiences so far.  But what he didn’t say is just as interesting as what he did. The interview—all 10,000 words of it—covers a lot of ground, from what it was like to take over from Steve Jobs to Cook’s unusually loud voice on social issues. But he also spoke at length about the development of Apple’s forthcoming products and features. Here, we read between the lines of some of Cook’s utterances. “Your question seems to imply that we’re behind [in developing AI]. Let’s take a look at that. We’ve been shipping Siri since 2011.” Cook took exception to the fact that his interviewer, Jena McGregor, thought Apple needed to “catch up with the AI efforts from companies like Facebook, Google and Amazon.” Cook was right to argue that Siri stole the company an early lead in artificial intelligence, but Google wasted no time in responding. In the last couple of years, publicly available AI systems from the likes of Google and Amazon certainly have outpaced releases by Apple. That much was made evident at this year’s Worldwide Developer Conference, when Apple launched new software features based on machine learning—such as facial recognition and more intuitive predictive typing—that have existed in products from Facebook and Google for some time. Where Apple does have an edge, though, is with privacy: the latest AI processing from Apple is all carried out on your device, rather than in the cloud, which means your data is (theoretically) kept under your control. “I think [augmented reality] is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology. So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind [the] curtain.” It’s no secret that Apple has been experimenting with virtual and augmented reality. A set of conference proceedings dating back to 1996 mentions a “prototype wearable computer system from Apple Computer with a Virtual I/O head mounted display.” More recently, Apple has published patents for VR headsets and recruited staff with experience in developing 3-D graphics for virtual and augmented reality. It’s also acquired a number of AR startups, among them PrimeSense and Metaio. Cook mentioned just a few weeks ago on an earnings call that Apple has invested in AR and will continue to do so. Quite what the result of all that research and development will be, though, remains unclear. Most likely is that Apple will follow the simplistic Pokémon Go trend with something a little more intelligent—like the platform that Baidu recently announced. Baidu’s system makes use of machine learning to add detail to the real world, and it plans to bake those features into some of its most widely used apps. A similar tactic could see Apple including AR features in its flagship apps, though that’s purely speculative. “It became clear that the trade-off … was essentially putting hundreds of millions of people at risk for a phone that may or may not have anything on it. We thought this actually is a clear decision. A hard one, but a clear one.” The Apple CEO was nothing but confident in discussing the company’s decision to fight the FBI over unlocking the San Bernardino iPhone. He explains to the Washington Post that engineers at Apple very quickly realized that they could create a tool for the authorities that would be able to unlock an iPhone—the question, really, was whether it should. As MIT Technology Review has pointed out, there is no technical middle ground over this question: either you let law enforcement agencies into encrypted devices and run the risk of letting others find a similar way in, or you don’t. But Cook didn’t even stop to consider that he could be wrong—and there are some compelling arguments that indicate he might be. Cook has suggested in the past that law enforcement agencies should be locked out of devices by software, but that they could “come to you and say, ‘Open your phone.’ … They could pass a law that says you have to do it, or you have to do it or there’s some penalty.” There are several problems with this: The approach is useless when the phone belongs to a dead victim, it seems to weaken the protection against self-incrimination embodied in the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and it would likely be taken advantage of by criminals if the choice boiled down to providing incriminating evidence or simply facing contempt-of-court charges. In short, things may not be quite as clear as Cook suggests. “I can’t answer a question about something we haven’t announced. We’ve always viewed that people love surprises. We don’t have enough anymore in our lives.” Cook was perhaps most unwilling to discuss anything to do with Apple’s plans to develop a car—but we know it’s doing something that involves automobiles. Apple has already introduced its own software into vehicles in the form of CarPlay, but there’s clearly more afoot. The company has hired a slew of robotics engineers with the expertise required to make self-driving vehicles, and one industry source told MIT Technology Review late last year that he’d met with engineers at an Apple-owned subsidiary to discuss automated driving technology. Rumors continue to swirl about what, exactly, the company is working on, but the latest reports claim that Apple is most likely building autonomous software for vehicles rather than building a whole car. Perhaps, as Cook suggests, we should all just look forward to his surprise announcement. (Read more: Washington Post) Learn more about augmented reality at EmTech Digital 2017. Register now From Our Advertisers Sponsored by Google for Work Survey: Machine Learning Trends, Challenges, and Opportunities In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Tim Cook, Apple, augmented reality, driverless cars, data privacy, MIT Technology Review Events, EmTech 2016 Credit Photograph by Richard Drew | AP Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Business Technologies are revolutionizing how we work and how companies operate. Manufacturing Jobs Aren’t Coming Back President-elect Trump’s promise to bring back production jobs ignores the realities of advanced manufacturing. by Mark Muro When Its Employee Blew the Whistle, Theranos Was Out for Blood Mind-boggling VC funding and influential board members appear to have created a company prepared to do anything but admit defeat. by Jamie Condliffe Amazon’s Push in India Starts to Deliver The e-tailing giant learned some hard lessons from its failure to hit it big in China, and it’s putting them to use in the subcontinent. by Nanette Byrnes More from Business The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Modern Medicine Trader Talk Portfolio Perspective ETF Strategist Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Pulse @ 1 Market Google's speedy Fiber runs into reality of huge cable costs Eric Rosenbaum | @erprose Monday, 15 Aug 2016 | 11:51 AM ET SHARES Google Fiber, Alphabet's bold plan to create a competitor to the telecom industry establishment's high-speed internet and TV service, is slowing down. According to a report in the Wall Street Journal, Google's speedy Fiber has run into reality: Telecom business costs are steep and require a rethink. Costs include digging up backyards and streets to lay cables, and dealing with an old guard in the telecom business that owns utility poles and isn't always inclined to play along. The time and expense involved are now forcing the tech giant to consider an alternative road map for providing broadband access to homes and businesses across the United States. Jonathan Reichental, chief technology officer of the city of Palo Alto, California, was quoted by the WSJ saying Google Fiber executives recently told him plans to bring the service to Palo Alto and nearby cities are on hold for at least six months. "We're continuing to work with city leaders to explore the possibility of bringing Google Fiber to many cities. This means deploying the latest technologies in alignment with our product road map, while understanding local considerations and challenges, which takes time," Alphabet said in a statement to the WSJ. show chapters New plans for Google Fiber    Monday, 15 Aug 2016 | 11:25 AM ET | 02:01 There are currently six U.S. cities with Fiber: Provo, Utah; Kansas City (Missouri and Kansas); Austin, Texas; Huntsville, Alabama; Atlanta; and Charlotte, North Carolina.Fiber has plans to expand to as many as 16 new cities. Fiber offers residential service but has also been a key selling point for cities to attract small business and for real estate property managers. A Fiber plan that includes high-speed internet (estimated at 30 times faster than the industry average) and TV costs $130 in cities such as Kansas City — $70 for internet alone and $60 for TV service. In June, Google Fiber bought Webpass, a 13-year-old internet service provider focusing on businesses and residential connections. Like Google Fiber, Webpass offers speeds of up to 1 gigabyte per second. In an interview with Recode earlier this year, Craig Barratt, CEO of the Access unit that oversees Fiber, said the company is working on connecting wireless towers to existing fiber lines and is "experimenting with a number of different wireless technologies" to make that happen. It was the first time Barratt or anyone at Alphabet had publicly talked about their interest in wireless. "We are experimenting with a number of different wireless technologies. One of the things that is intriguing about wireless is that it allows you to reach houses and users that are in lower-density settings — where fiber becomes too expensive. So providing fixed wireless services using some of the technologies we think are ways of accelerating our deployments," Barratt told Recode. The WSJ estimated Google has spent hundreds of millions of dollars to dig up ground and lay cable for Fiber operations. In its most recent earnings, the "Other Bets" Google unit that includes Fiber reported revenue of $185 million but an operating loss of $859 million. Fiber is one of only three bets in this category to earn money, alongside smart thermostat-maker Nest and its life-sciences unit Verily. Barratt told Recode that Fiber is not fixated on a single technology approach to broadband service: "We think, over time, there will be a sort of heterogeneous mix of technologies that we can use, depending upon the type of problem we're trying to solve." Eric RosenbaumFinancial Writer and Editor SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
The Hollywood Reporter the business Subscribe exec suite reps int'l esq real estate movies tv music tech the business style culture awards video Subscribe Blogs heat vision bastard machine live feed behind the screen esq earshot the race Newsletter THR Social:  Actress Roundtable: The Women Subscribe Now Never Miss A Story. Sign up for our Newsletters. Daily Edition Login to download TPG to Acquire RCN, Grande Communications for $2.25B in Latest Cable Deal 8:18 AM PDT 8/15/2016 by Georg Szalai FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS iStock Google Capital will reportedly take a minority stake in what TPG says will be "a top 10 U.S. cable company." Private equity fund TPG Capital said Monday that it has struck agreements to acquire regional cable and broadband providers RCN Telecom Services and Grande Communications Networks from private equity firm ABRY Partners for $1.6 billion and $650 million, respectively. Google Capital, Alphabet Inc.’s investment fund, will take a minority stake in the combined business, the Wall Street Journal reported. Its Google Fiber has been building high-speed broadband networks. Grande is known for providing services in Texas, while RCN has focused on the East Coast. Together, the companies serve such markets as Austin, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, New York, Pennsylvania, San Antonio and Washington, D.C. TPG said it will combine the two companies in the $2.25 billion transaction "to create a top 10 U.S. cable company and a regional market-leading provider of next-generation, high-speed data to residential and business customers." The deal is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017 and is subject to closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. TPG said it was partnering with Patriot Media, the management team headed by Steve Simmons and Jim Holanda that currently manages both RCN and Grande. It has managed RCN since 2010 and Grande since 2013. It is the latest cable deal as the industry continues to consolidate. Charter Communications recently closed its acquisition of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks, Europe's Altice has acquired Cablevision Systems after buying a 70 percent stake in Suddenlink Communications and telecom giant AT&T previously bought satellite TV powerhouse DirecTV. “The way that content is distributed and consumed has evolved significantly in ways that create an overwhelming demand for affordable, high-speed cable networks. There is an unprecedented amount of diverse, creative content being produced that is extremely bandwidth intensive,” said David Trujillo, partner at TPG. “Consumers are craving access to that content through various internet-connected devices in the home all at once. This places never-before-seen demands on the underlying infrastructure. High-speed data has become, and will remain, the essential connection for both consumers and businesses. Both RCN and Grande are proven leaders in providing fast, affordable, and reliable data services." The company said that the combined firm "will challenge incumbent telco and cable operators by focusing on providing high-quality and more reliable communications services along with better value and customer service than incumbent competitors." It added: "By providing access to great high-speed broadband connectivity, the new company will be at the forefront of high-speed data disruption." TPG has partnered with the likes of CAA, Cirque du Soleil, Spotify, STX, Univision and others. Its investments also include Airbnb, Ipsy, RentPath and Uber.       FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Georg Szalai THRnews@thr.com georgszalai Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2016 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard
OStatic Home Blog Questions Software Members         Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our RSS About Contact Fuchsia: Is a New Operating System Coming from Google? by Sam Dean - Aug. 15, 2016Comments (0) Related Blog Posts Open Source Vet Sam Ramji Moves from Cloud Foundry to Google Google Collects Open Artificial Intelligence Demos, Invites You to Contribute Google Code-in is Coming, Focused on Open Source Google's TensorFlow Powers Data Robot's Machine Learning Platform Google Contributes Code Behind its Domain Registry It's no secret that Chrome OS has not been the same striking success for Google that the Android OS has been. And yet, as we recently reported, Chromebooks based on Chrome OS have found their niche in the market, and Google has made clear that both of its operating systems have bright futures. There's a new wrinkle in this equation, though: reports are streaming in that Google may be working on a third operating system. It's just a rumor for now, but the new OS, said to be dubbed fuchsia, has a code repository online, and is on GitHub. What might be the aim with this operating system? The Verge has made a few logical deductions about fuchsia: "So what is Fuchsia for? There have been a number of suggestions. Some people think it could be used to "unify" Chrome OS and Android into a single operating system (a plan that was first rumored last year, with the new OS said to be scheduled for a 2017 release), while others say it could be used to power hardware like Google's OnHub router or third-party internet of things devices." "Looking into Fuchsia's code points gives us a few clues. For example, the OS is built on Magenta, a "medium-sized microkernel" that is itself based on a project called LittleKernel, which is designed to be used in embedded systems (computers that have a specialized function and often don't need an actual operating system, like the software in a digital watch). Similarly, both of the developers listed on Fuchsia's GitHub page — Christopher Anderson and Brian Swetland — are experts in embedded systems. Swetland is a senior software engineer at Google and Anderson has previously worked on the company's Android TV and Nexus Q projects."  According to an online chat log, regarding this new OS: "The decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning." Android Police is convinced that fuchsia may be aimed at the Internet of Things.  For now, we'll have to wait for word from Google on what this is all about, but given the company's barnstorming open source success with Android, it makes sense that it might already be considering a new OS for an ermerging tech category like iOT.   Android google Chrome OS fuchsia Previous: Simplenote is Now Op...Next: Databricks' Kavitha ... Browse Blog Randy Clark uses OStatic to support Open Source, ask and answer questions and stay informed. What about you?   Comments Share Your Comments If you are a member, Sign in to have your comment attributed to you. If you are not yet a member, Join OStatic and help the Open Source community by sharing your thoughts, answering user questions and providing reviews and alternatives for projects. Your Name Email Address (kept hidden) Your Comment * Promote Open Source Knowledge by sharing your thoughts, listing Alternatives and Answering Questions!   Explore Software in this Blog Post 1 2 3 4 5 Android has 3 reviews 65 users Featured MembersView Jesse Babson I used to work for a large chip company here and a... View Randy Clark Linux lover. LAMP user. Have been using OSS for a decade now. Ubuntu, Fedora, CentOS, SuSE, RedHat...'Nuff said. Related Questions Browse Get answers and share your expertise. Have a question? Ask the community How can I block ads in Chrome? By Deepa Nayar - Oct 10, 2012 3 answers How to store unencrypted passwords in Chrome? By Lisa - Oct 10, 2012 1 answer How Can a Facebook API be Integrated to a Android App? By Andre - Apr 10, 2012 3 answers Partner Center Happening Now on OStatic Marcel Gagné commented on Memory Lane, Cooking w/ Linux, Red Hat's New Digs anonymous commented on Building Out an Open Source Project? Your License Matters Ines Pljakic commented on Facebook Makes More Open Source Moves, as Does the White House Home Blog Software Questions About OStatic Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Send Feedback Powered by Vox Holdings © 2015 OStatic. Built on fine Open Source Software from projects like Apache, Drupal, Java, Linux, MySQL and PHP. Sign in to OStatic close Username: * Password: * Not a member? Join NowI forgot my password
  Articles & News Forum Graphics & Displays CPU Components Motherboards Games Storage Overclocking Tutorials All categories GPU HIERARCHY CPU HIERARCHY Brands Tutorials Other sites Tom's Guide Tom's IT Pro Login | Sign Up The authority on tech Search Tags: Builds Cases Cooling CPUs Graphics Laptops Memory Monitors Motherboards more Peripherals PSUs Storage VR Google News Google Is Building A New Operating System From Scratch: 'Fuschia' by Lucian Armasu August 15, 2016 at 11:20 AM - Source: GitHub 12 Comments Google may already have Android, which it acquired in 2005 from Andy Rubin, and also Chrome OS, which it created in-house, but it will soon have a third operating system codenamed “Fuchsia.” The new operating system could work on anything from small embedded devices (IoT) to smartphones and PCs. Google silently created a public page on GitHub, for the “Fuchsia” (Pink+Purple) operating system, earlier this summer. The project’s Github page also links to one of Google’s domains, where more information is given about it. Magenta And “Little Kernel” The new operating system will not use the Linux kernel, as Android and Chrome OS do, but will instead use the “Magenta” kernel. Magenta is built on top of the “Little Kernel” (LK), which is a small kernel designed for embedded devices and a competitor to real-time operating systems such as FreeRTOS or ThreadX. Even the Linux Foundation is going to support a non-Linux kernel for the Internet of Things (IoT), called Zephyr, so Google’s decision to give up on the Linux kernel may not be as radical as it may first seem. The Linux kernel contains almost 15 million lines of code now, many of which are not needed for Google’s own operating systems. So many lines of code also represent a large attack surface, and although Linux distributions have generally been considered more secure than Windows and macOS, its maintainers haven’t made security their priority. It’s only recently that the Linux community has started thinking about implementing security mechanisms more aggressively, from which Android will also benefit. Differences Between Magenta And LK Magenta differs in many ways from LK. LK was designed for devices with tiny amounts of RAM, for instance, while Magenta will mainly target devices such as smartphones and PCs with much more RAM and much higher processing power. Magenta also supports system processes, while LK does not. However, the Magenta processes are made of LK-level constructs such as threads and memory. In comparison to LK, Magenta also has first class user-mode support, is an object-handle system, and has a capability-based security model. The security should be similar to Android’s permission model. However, it’s possible it could be stricter, as the new architecture is created from scratch with a “least privilege” security model in mind, rather than being added later on. Google’s new Fuchsia operating system will support 32-bit and 64-bit ARM devices (including the Raspberry Pi 3), as well as the AMD64 architecture. Why Does Google Need A New OS? Considering that Google can’t seem to make up its mind about which chat applications to create and promote, it may seem like Google has a similar problem with operating systems. It already has Chrome OS and Android, along with all of its variations: Brillo (IoT), Android Wear (wearables), Android Auto (car dashboards), and Google TV. It also plans to merge Chrome OS and Android on the desktop to give Chrome OS a boost in functionality and make it a more serious competitor to Windows, macOS and Linux distros. So then why does Google need yet another OS? Starting Over There could be at least three reasons why Google is considering building a new one. The first would be that Google wants one all-encompassing operating system that is slim enough and secure enough to work on anything from IoT devices to PCs. Think of it as a slimmer version of both Android (mobile OS retrofitted for IoT) and Windows (desktop OS retrofitted for mobile and IoT). Google has gained significant know-how and expertise on building operating systems over the past decade, and it may now want to use all of that knowledge to create a new OS that’s not encumbered by past mistakes and legacy code. It’s a fresh start that can also benefit from all the latest research in developing modern operating systems. Control Over Programming Language The second reason could be that Google wants to avoid potential lawsuits in the future (mainly from Oracle) because of its use of the Java programming language on Android. Even without the lawsuits, Google doesn’t have the language development freedom of Apple (Objective-C and Swift) and Microsoft (C#). This is Google’s opportunity to pick a new language over which it has more control. Google has already created two languages of its own, which it has open sourced: Go and Dart. Google seems to have picked Dart as Fuchsia's main app-developing language, and the company may eventually want all Android developers to switch to making Dart apps. Sane Update Model The third reason for creating a new operating system may be that Google wants to control the update system. Android’s update model has been an especially big headache for Google, as it almost doesn’t matter how quickly Google fixes a vulnerability in Android when it’s up to manufacturers and wireless carriers to push those updates at their own leisure. Chrome OS has escaped this update nightmare scenario because although the core code behind it is open source (Chromium OS), the trademarked Chrome OS itself can be modified only by Google. This gives Google full control over the update cycle as well, which is why we see updates for Chrome OS every six weeks or so. However, as Google has likely decided that it’s not going to retrofit Chrome OS for smartphones and IoT, it may prefer to create a new OS that can also be updated the same way, but cover many more types of devices. Can Fuchsia Succeed? Google is working on all sorts of big projects all the time, so just because it intends to build this new OS, it doesn’t necessarily mean Fuchsia can succeed. Much of its path to success will be in how well the OS works and how good it looks to users. However, Google will also have to find a way to smoothly transition users, developers and manufacturers from Android (as well as Chrome OS) to “Fuchsia” (which likely won’t be its final name). Android is already used by more than a billion users, and the manufacturers have gotten used to being able to modify the operating system however they want. Although the costs of updating the OS are also a burden for them, so they may be convinced to switch over to the new OS if Google has a great pitch that can win them over. About the author Lucian Armasu @lucian_armasu Lucian Armasu is a Contributing Writer for Tom's Hardware US. He covers software news and the issues surrounding privacy and security. Read more Google Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the US News comments forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish This thread is closed for comments 12 comments Your comment AndrewJacksonZA Aug 15, 2016, 11:28 AM I can see that they're taking inspiration from Marty McFly and Doc Emmett Brown because they're going... BLACK TO THE FUCHSIA!!! 7 johnnycanadian Aug 15, 2016, 11:52 AM ... And say 'goodbye' to BlackBerry. QNX might be the OS of choice for RT systems right now but Chen won't be able to compete with an end-to-end offering from the likes of Google. -1 surphninja Aug 15, 2016, 2:24 PM Hoping they take security more seriously this go around, and maybe multi-tasking. Google concepts don't have a great track record for working out once they're in the hands of real people, and Google is always too busy moving on to the next project, so they never give currently available projects and TLC and properly flesh them out. 1 bit_user Aug 15, 2016, 3:39 PM It's a good idea to get rid of so much legacy and bloat. This also gives them full control over the architecture. I don't buy the idea that it has anything to do with Java. You can already use other languages, on Android. I also think it's a hard sell for them to get device makers to cede full control over the OS on their devices. That might push a lot of device makers over the edge. Google could pursue a more bifurcated update model, where the kernel and core libraries are updated directly from Google, while device makers control only their custom packages. I don't really know what's would prevent them from doing that with Android, aside from possibly the fact that the Android license would prevent them from forcing device makers to comply. Update: it's an interesting point, about the license. What is the license on Magenta? I guess it can't be on Github, if it's not some form of Open Source. I think any license Github allows doesn't prevent one from forking their own version, as people now do with Android. 0 Onus Aug 15, 2016, 3:42 PM Windows is bad enough now, but I would not dream of running an operating system from Google, which is all about ad revenue and data mining, on a PC which has any personal data of any kind on it. 2 JamesSneed Aug 15, 2016, 4:37 PM What about Goobuntu? Not counting open source for Googles OS'es or I guess the fact they didn't create it from scratch but they do have it as well if you are inventorying Google OS'es. 1 bit_user Aug 15, 2016, 5:16 PM Anonymous said: I would not dream of running an operating system from Google, which is all about ad revenue and data mining, on a PC which has any personal data of any kind on it. Okay, but I don't really see what that has to do with the new kernel. I mean, Chrome OS is already PC-oriented, and they could add however much spy-ware they want, on top of any kernel they use. 0 Sakata Aug 15, 2016, 8:19 PM Google takes privacy seriously, just not even remotely as serious as they do money and other social or political benefits. Frankly they are the biggest data broker in existence and we just give it to them. To quote a great movie : " The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist. " 4 jackt Aug 16, 2016, 2:24 AM Spying is in the kernel this time ? hahaha 0 Technologify Aug 16, 2016, 2:33 AM Hopefully it will be better than Vista. (not hating on Vista) 0 targetdrone Aug 16, 2016, 10:07 AM Here is hopping Fuchsia is the beginning of the end of Android and that we will be able to get OS updates directly from Google instead of hoping the device manufacture and carrier decide to push the update. Timely updates are critical especially since we are entering the IoT era(which will be the death of us all, regardless). I also hope it means that if Fuchsia supports feature X manufactures can't simply disable it because they can. "I'm talking about you Samsung and your removal of the Adaptable Storage" 1 sh4dow83 Aug 16, 2016, 11:39 AM "is built on top" - so... not from scratch then? 2 Display All 12 comments Most Popular Remix OS 3.0 Comes To Google’s Pixel C With A More PC-Optimized Interface Google Slashes Data Center Cooling Costs By 40 Percent In First Real-World Application Of the DeepMind AI Clever VR Tricks: A 60fps VR Experience On An Old Phone With Tessellation And Vertex Displacement Tom's Hardware Around the World Tom's Hardware Around the World Russia France Germany UK Italy USA Subscribe to Tom's Hardware Search the site Ok About Tom's Hardware Advertising About us Contact Purch Privacy Policy Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Copyright © 2016 Purch Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved Tom's Hardware Guide ™ Ad choices
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Google News Google Fuchsia: Is the Android-Chrome Merger Here? by Andrew E. Freedman Aug 15, 2016, 8:34 AM Google already has two operating systems in Chrome OS and Android, and it looks like there's a third in the works. It's called Fuchsia, and by current appearances, it looks like it will run on just about anything. Fuchsia is built on Linux, which has been running Google's hardware for quite some time now, and the company is building it in the public eye -- it's already live on GitHub. The description is simply "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." Take that for what you will. MORE: How to Check (and Erase) Everything Google Knows About You So what is Fuchsia for, anyway? Your guess is as good as mine. It could be the merger of Chrome OS and Android that was hinted at last year in an article from the Wall Street Journal. Many would welcome this, I'm sure. Some of my colleagues think it's about time that Google kills Chrome OS. The Verge and Android Police dug into the code and found that it's built on a kernel that is often meant for computers with very specialized functions: think Chromecast. In theory, Fuchsia should have the scale to run on anything from a TV streamer to a smartwatch to a television. It's also possible that this is an experiment and nothing else, or that the three operating systems will all coexist. For now, all we can do is speculate. See Also : Best Chrome Apps Chromebook vs. Tablet: Which Should You Buy? Will Android Apps Make Chromebooks Worth It? Google Cardboard FAQ: Everything You Need to Know About the author Andrew E. Freedman @freedmanae Andrew joined the Tom's Guide team in 2015, reviewing computers and keeping up with the latest news. He holds a M.S. in Journalism (Digital Media) from Columbia University. A lover of all things gaming and tech, his previous work has shown up in Kotaku, PCMag and Complex, among others. Read more Google Android Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Apps General Discussion forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish This thread is closed for comments No comments yet Your comment Most Popular Google Now Gets Personal in Fight Against Siri Self-Driving Cars Could 'Create Hell on Earth' Google's Leaked Launcher is a Taste of Android's Future The Latest On Tom’s Guide Best Picks in 5 hours Best Baby Monitor 2016 Best Picks in 5 hours Best All-in-One Printers 2016 News 31 mn Google's Pixel Phones May Regain Missing Moves Deals 42 mn The Best Black Friday Tech Deals of 2016 News 54 mn Listen Up! Your Headphones May Be Spying On You Reference 56 mn 10 Things Wearable Tech Can Reveal About Your Health Best Picks 1 hr Best iPhone Camera Lens Kits 2016 News 2 hr Glossy Black Galaxy S7 Looks Slick in Leaked Photos Best Picks 2 hr Best Bluetooth Speakers 2016 How-To 2 hr 9 Tips to Help You Shop Safely on Cyber Monday Round-Up 2 hr The 15 Best Snapchat Filters Deals 3 hr The Best Black Friday Tech Deals of 2016 Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2016 Purch All Rights Reserved.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google is working on a new operating system named Fuchsia The Verge 15/08/2016 James Vincent © Provided by The Verge Here's a puzzle: Google appears to have started work on a completely new operating system, but no one knows quite what it's for. The project's name is Fuchsia, and it currently exists as a growing pile of code on the search giant's code depository and on GitHub too. The fledgling OS has a number of interesting features, but so far Google has yet to comment on its intended function. All we really know is that this looks like a fresh start for Google, as the operating system does not use the Linux kernel — a core of basic code that underpins both Android and Chrome OS. So what is Fuchsia for? There have been a number of suggestions. Some people think it could be used to "unify" Chrome OS and Android into a single operating system (a plan that was first rumored last year, with the new OS said to be scheduled for a 2017 release), while others say it could be used to power hardware like Google's OnHub router or third-party internet of things devices. Fuchsia's core code is designed to be lightweight Looking into Fuchsia's code points gives us a few clues. For example, the OS is built on Magenta, a "medium-sized microkernel" that is itself based on a project called LittleKernel, which is designed to be used in embedded systems (computers that have a specialized function and often don't need an actual operating system, like the software in a digital watch). Similarly, both of the developers listed on Fuchsia's GitHub page — Christopher Anderson and Brian Swetland — are experts in embedded systems. Swetland is a senior software engineer at Google and Anderson has previously worked on the company's Android TV and Nexus Q projects. But the OS also "targets modern phones [and] computers" However, the Magenta kernel can do a lot more than just power a router. Google's own documentation says the software "targets modern phones and modern personal computers" that use "fast processors" and "non-trivial amounts of RAM." It notes that Magenta supports a number of advanced features, including user modes and a "capability-based security model." Further evidence that Fuchsia is intended for more than just Wi-Fi-connected gadgets include the fact that Google already has its own IoT platform (the Android-based Brillo), and the fact that the new OS includes support for graphics rendering. Some users of Hacker News have even suggested that Fuchsia could be use for augmented reality interfaces. This is just speculation for now, and the only real description we have of Fuchsia is what it says at the top of the GitHub page: "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." The question of why the project would be revealed in this way is also confusing, although when pressed on the subject during an IRC chat, Swetland reportedly said: "The decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning." Well, we've certainly got the beginning of Fuchsia, but where it goes next isn't clear. From what we can see, it's currently being tested on all sorts of systems. Swetland says it's "booting reasonably well" on small-form factor Intel PCs (NUCs) as well as an Acer Switch Alpha 12 laptop ("although driver support is still a work in progress"), while another Google developer involved in the project, Travis Geiselbrecht, says they'll soon have support for the Raspberry Pi 3. At this rate, it looks like Fuchsia will be popping up all over the place. Go to MSN Home More in News The slow-burning hatred that led Thomas Mair to murder Jo Cox The Guardian Autumn Statement: The key points at a glance Sky News Somewhere around the rainbow: Rare sight caught on camera Press Association World's tallest water slide to close after 10-year-old boy was killed Press Association Grindr killings chef Stephen Port guilty of four murders Sky News Teen arrested after undercover cop stabbed in stomach in alley Evening Standard Up Next White supremacist will die in jail for murdering pro-EU MP Jo Cox Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From The Verge Amazon is exploring adding live sports to its Prime offerings The Verge Instagram’s take on live video arrives with an ephemeral twist The Verge Free battery replacements for some iPhone 6S handsets The Verge You can now add data overlays to your GoPro footage The Verge Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Special Feature Inside this Special Feature Cloud Computing: Moving to IaaS IaaS in 2016: Who can challenge Amazon? IaaS: What you need to know about pricing, options, best practices Eight questions to ask before choosing an IaaS vendor Why moving piece by piece to the cloud will see businesses succeed more IaaS checklist: Best practices for picking an IaaS vendor #DisrupTV: Internet of the people, for the people Oracle Q3 takeaways: Ellison unfazed by Microsoft moves MuleSoft crosses $100 million revenue mark GE and Capital One endorse AWS at re:Invent The public versus hybrid cloud Rorschach test Common web platform to span New Zealand government Cloud failure and the flight to Amazon Part of a ZDNet Special Feature: Cloud Computing: Moving to IaaS IaaS in 2016: Who can challenge Amazon? As businesses of all sizes migrate ever more workloads to cloud-based infrastructure, we examine the dynamics of this rapidly changing market. By Charles McLellan | August 15, 2016 -- 15:19 GMT (08:19 PDT) | Topic: Cloud Computing: Moving to IaaS Image: Getty Images/iStockphoto Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) is a maturing segment of the cloud computing market. In its 2015 Cloud Computing Hype Cycle, Gartner placed IaaS on the 'Slope of Enlightenment', which is the last stage before mainstream adoption (a.k.a the Plateau of Productivity). Image: Gartner Also approaching the SoE is 'IaaS+', which provides additional services on top of basic compute, storage, and networking (such as database services and content delivery networks) but falls short of those offered by full-blown PaaS (Platform as a Service) providers. Meanwhile, 'Private IaaS' (single-tenant cloud infrastructure, hosted by a provider or on the client's premises) currently languishes in the Trough of Disillusionment. The dominant IaaS player in the public cloud is Amazon Web Services (AWS), which launched in 2006 with EC2 (compute) and S3 (storage) services. In Amazon's most recent quarterly results (Q2 2016, ended 30 June), AWS generated $2.9 billion in revenue, representing 58 percent year-on-year growth: Data: Amazon / Image: ZDNet AWS's $2.9 billion is just 9.5 percent of Amazon's total $30.4 billion revenue for Q2 2016 -- but it's a profitable segment, generating $718 million in operating income for the company. AWS's market dominance in cloud computing is based on its long track record and extensive feature set, which has given some companies the confidence to abandon traditional IT infrastructure altogether. In his keynote at the 2015 re:Invent conference last October, Andy Jassy, then senior VP (now CEO) in charge of AWS, highlighted the number and breadth of organisations that are going "all-in" on the company's cloud services. These pioneering organisations -- among them are well-known companies like Netflix, Intuit, and Juniper -- are decommissioning their private datacentres and running their businesses entirely on AWS's on-demand compute, storage, networking, and other services. Until recently, such a strategy would have been regarded as madness by most CTOs. Amazon may be the dominant public cloud infrastructure player, but there are plenty of would-be challengers, including Microsoft's Azure and Google's Cloud Platform. In its recent 2016 Magic Quadrant for Cloud Infrastructure as a Service, Gartner placed Microsoft along with Amazon in the 'Leaders' quadrant, with Google on its own in 'Visionaries' and the remaining seven providers -- including big names like Rackspace, IBM (SoftLayer), and VMware -- lumped under 'Niche Players'. Image: Gartner According to Gartner, AWS supports a broad range of use cases (including enterprise and mission-critical applications), has attracted an ecosystem of open-source tools and a network of partners, and is a mature yet agile cloud provider that's the "safe choice" for customers seeking rich functionality and a long-term market relationship. On the downside, Gartner notes that customers will require expertise (either in-house or via professional services) to get the most from AWS's multiple offerings, and that its granular price structure is complex. Microsoft, which entered the IaaS market in 2013 with Azure Infrastructure Services, is praised by Gartner for its good integration of IaaS and PaaS (Platform as a Service) components that seamlessly extend and interoperate with on-premises Microsoft infrastructure. Azure is less feature-rich and less mature than AWS, but it's growing fast and its pricing is comparable. However, Gartner notes that some enterprise-class functionality is yet to be fully implemented, documented, and supported, and that third-party Azure experts are currently limited in number. Google also entered the IaaS market in 2013, with Google Compute Engine. Gartner sees Google's ability to run technology platforms at scale -- honed on its internal operations -- as a key advantage, along with a comprehensive vision for, and experience with, the lifecycle management of cloud-native applications. Big data, analytics, machine learning, and batch computing are also key strengths. Where Google lags AWS, Microsoft is in the breadth of its feature set, which is missing some capabilities both for large organisations and startups, says Gartner. Google is also still learning to engage with enterprise and mid-market customers, according to the analyst firm. How big a pie are these and other cloud providers competing for? Gartner estimates that worldwide market for public cloud services will be worth $204 billion in 2016 -- a year-on-year growth rate of 16.5 percent. Although at $22.4 billion, IaaS represents only 11 percent of the cloud computing total, and it is the fastest-growing segment, with a growth rate of 38.4 percent. Data: Gartner / Images: ZDNet In a statement, Gartner analyst Sid Nag noted that "IaaS continues to be the strongest-growing segment as enterprises move away from data center build-outs and move their infrastructure needs to the public cloud... Certain market leaders have built a significant lead in this segment, so providers should focus on creating differentiation for success." RightScale's State of the Cloud surveys To get a picture of how the cloud computing industry has developed in recent years, it's worth examining the annual State of the Cloud surveys -- mostly canvassing IT pros in medium-sized to large tech companies in North America -- conducted by cloud portfolio management company RightScale. (For more on RightScale's State of the Cloud surveys, see this article on ZDNet's sister site Tech Pro Research.) ​HP beefs up Helion cloud with Eucalyptus for AWS and new OpenStack versions HP's first release of the open-source Eucalyptus cloud manager appears as part of its Helion enterprise cloud product line, together with OpenStack updates. Read More When asked about the perceived benefits of moving workloads to the cloud, the number-one advantage, cited by 62 percent of respondents in the 2016 survey, was 'Faster access to infrastructure'. This was also the largest increase over the 2015 survey, up from 57 percent. Next came 'Greater scalability' (58 percent), 'Higher availability' (52 percent), and 'Faster time to market' (52 percent -- the second largest increase from 2015, up from 48 percent). Interestingly, cost-related issues -- 'Move capex to opex', 'IT staff efficiency', and 'Cost savings' -- propped up the 2016 benefits table, all being cited by less than 40 percent of respondents. This finding supports the first of Gartner's Top 10 Cloud Myths -- namely that "Cloud Is Always About Money". Security concerns are often given as a reason to be wary of the cloud, and indeed were the No. 1 challenge reported in RightScale's 2014 and 2015 surveys. In 2016, however, security was overtaken by 'Lack of resources/expertise', which moved from joint last to first place in the 'Cloud challenges' list between 2014 and 2016. Again, this supports a Gartner Cloud Myth (#6) -- that "Cloud is less secure than on-premises capabilities". Other fast-rising cloud challenges reported by RightScale are 'Managing multiple cloud services' and 'Managing costs' -- noticeably operational rather than early-stage adoption headaches. A lot of cloud computing services are bought to support 'agile' IT -- to develop and run new cloud-native apps and trial various digital transformation projects. This trend is evident in the rise of DevOps and containerisation in RightScale's surveys: DevOps adoption rose rapidly, from 54 percent in 2013 to 74 percent in 2016, and it's more prevalent in enterprises (81 percent adoption in 2016 versus 70 percent for small- to mid-sized businesses). However, only 21 percent of enterprises have adopted DevOps company-wide: 31 percent adopt it at the business unit/division level, while 29 percent restrict it to projects or teams. As far as DevOps tools are concerned, Chef and Puppet have ruled the roost to date, with Docker, in particular, hard on their heels (in the 2016 survey, an additional 35 percent of respondents 'plan to use' Docker, compared to 19 percent and 18 percent for Chef and Puppet, respectively). Also beginning to make their presence felt in RightScale's recent surveys are container orchestration tools such as Kubernetes, Swarm, and Mesosphere. When it comes to public cloud providers, it's no surprise to find AWS way out front in RightScale's surveys, with 57 percent of respondents running some applications on AWS in 2016. Data: RightScale / Image: ZDNet/Tech Pro Research However, Microsoft's Azure is making headway, showing the most growth between 2014 and 2016. The most recent survey also shows that a higher percentage of organisations are experimenting with or planning to use Azure services. The impression that Azure is gaining on AWS is strengthened by some recent Morgan Stanley research, reported by GeekWire, which found that 31 percent of the survey sample expected to be using Azure IaaS by 2019 versus 30 percent planning to be using AWS. The respective 2016 figures were 12 percent and 21 percent: Image: Morgan Stanley Before reading too much into this, it's worth noting the small survey population -- just 100 CIOs (75 in the US, 25 in Europe). Bimodal IT & cloud migration We noted above that 'agile' IT projects tend to take a DevOps approach, using an array of cloud-native techniques such as containers and orchestration tools. Such innovative 'digital transformation' projects drive a lot of IaaS business, but -- as AWS CEO Andy Jassy pointed out in his 2015 re:Invent keynote -- organisations are increasingly moving to the next stage, which is "all in" on cloud infrastructure. This means moving core business systems to the cloud, and not just innovative or exploratory projects. Gartner calls this a 'bimodal' approach to the cloud and documents a range of characteristics for each mode: Image: Gartner Of course, the real world is messier than this simplified binary scheme, and as Gartner analyst David Mitchell Smith puts it: "At the end of the day, you have to look at each workload separately." In the 'Agile' world, the latest development is 'serverless computing' -- which doesn't mean that servers are no longer involved, but rather that DevOps teams no longer need to worry about them. The idea is that 'events' of some kind -- data flowing from IoT devices is a common example -- can be set up to trigger a response from the cloud provider, which automatically provisions the necessary infrastructure for as long as it's required. In effect, DevOps teams are outsourcing the 'Ops' function to the cloud provider. How AWS Lambda works. Image: Amazon Amazon kicked off this market, announcing its AWS Lambda service in November 2014 and gaining a head-start over the competition. Google Cloud Functions appeared in February 2016 and remains in 'alpha', while Microsoft's Azure Functions -- which can be deployed on-premises as well as in the public cloud -- was announced at Build 2016 in March and is also currently in preview mode. Outlook Amazon (AWS) still dominates the cloud infrastructure market and is probably the 'go-to' option for many organisations seeking a public cloud solution. However, Azure is gaining momentum and will appeal particularly to businesses with existing on-premises datacentres built on Microsoft's server software stack. Google has some catching up to do against the two market leaders, but is clearly the 'one to watch'. Going forward, we can expect plenty of hype and vendor dynamics centred around containers and container orchestration, serverless computing and the various sub-flavours of cloud infrastructure -- IaaS+ and private IaaS. If you're confused about which cloud is the best home for your workloads, RightScale's free-to-use Cloud Comparison tool, which is updated quarterly, is a good place to start. Read more about cloud computing Stop saying the cloud is just someone else's computer - because it's not Where AWS is headed: Every function as a managed cloud service AWS Lambda garners interest, production workloads as serverless world evolves Microsoft releases preview of new Azure 'serverless compute' service to take on AWS Lambda Infrastructure as a service cloud computing revenue to surge by 2020 Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Rackspace is opening a new data centre in Germany Cloud Outlook not syncing? Microsoft says it's rolling out a fix after lengthy disruption CXO CIO lessons from 9/11: Resiliency, recovery, and cloud computing Windows 10 Windows 10 tip: Keep your Microsoft account secure with 2-factor authentication × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Mobile device threats Wireless security View All Handheld and Mobile Device Security Best Practices Wireless LAN Design and Setup Wireless Network Protocols and Standards NAC and endpoint security View All Client security DMZ Setup and Configuration Network Access Control Basics Secure Remote Access VLAN Security Management IDS View All Denial of service Incident response Monitoring Network Traffic and Network Forensics Network Behavior Anomaly Detection (NBAD) Network Intrusion Detection (IDS) Network Intrusion Prevention (IPS) Security Event Management Network Protocols and Security View All Tools, Products, Software View All Application Firewall Security-Network Security: Tools, Products, Software Network Device Management Network Firewalls, Routers and Switches UTM Appliances and Strategies Secure VPN Setup and Configuration View All IPsec VPN Security SSL and TLS VPN Security Wireless security View All Handheld and Mobile Device Security Best Practices Mobile device threats Wireless LAN Design and Setup Wireless Network Protocols and Standards Please select a category NAC and endpoint security IDS Network Protocols and Security Tools, Products, Software Secure VPN Setup and Configuration Wireless security Section Evaluate News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Q How does the new Stagefright exploit Metaphor conduct an ASLR bypass? by Nick Lewis A new Stagefright exploit called Metaphor has been released. Expert Nick Lewis explains its ability to do an ASLR bypass, and what it means for Android device security. Sections Share this item with your network: Related Expert Q&A How can enterprises prevent ASLR bypass flaws? – SearchSecurity How has Android Nougat security improved? – SearchMobileComputing Is sandboxing the answer to Adobe Acrobat, Adobe ... – SearchSecurity Sponsored News Relieving File Transfer Headaches in Your B2B Integration Efforts –IBM See More Vendor Resources A Survey of Zero-day Attacks in 2013 and What They Say About the Traditional ... –FireEye Mobile Malware –MobileIron Comprehensive Protection from Advanced Threats Requires Mobile Threat Assessment –Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. A new proof of concept Stagefright exploit called Metaphor has been made public by cybersecurity firm NorthBit,... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. which is based in Israel. The big news is that Metaphor uses an address space layout randomization (ASLR) bypass to affect potentially hundreds of millions of Android devices. What is an ASLR bypass, and how much more serious is this new Stagefright exploit? Android patching has been problematic since Android was first introduced because of its fragmented hardware and software ecosystem. Apple doesn't have the same challenge that Google faces in ensuring Android devices have the most current patches, because Apple controls the hardware, software and patching process of its devices. Google has to juggle multiple different open source projects in Android, including Linux and other supporting libraries and software. This makes it difficult to patch vulnerable Android devices for the Stagefright exploit. Google is making changes to how Android is patched, but there is still a significant installed base that will not get the patches or other security improvements. The Metaphor proof of concept increases the risk of Android users experiencing a potential Stagefright exploit on their devices, but Android's fragmented ecosystem will make it difficult for widespread attacks. Metaphor uses an ASLR bypass, cheating the operating system process which randomizes the location where system executables are loaded into memory. It predicts these locations and performs buffer-overflow attacks. Metaphor provides a framework for developing targeted exploits, but it would still require critical information about the specific device, such as gadget offsets or predictable addresses. The exploit authors provide a table of some of these values. Also, few smartphones expose the vulnerable Mediaserver functionality to the network so a traditional network worm is unlikely, but many smartphone users render SMS messages, webpages and email automatically. This update could be used in targeted attacks, so having an endpoint security tool that analyzes incoming messages and blocks malicious messages may provide additional protection. Ask the Expert: Have a question about enterprise threats? Send it via email today. (All questions are anonymous.) Next Steps Get tips on how to improve Android mobile security Learn about Android security policies your enterprise should adopt Read about the challenges of Android device security management This was last published in August 2016 Dig Deeper on Smartphone and PDA Viruses and Threats-Setup and Tools All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve How can users protect mobile devices from SandJacking attacks? Risk & Repeat: MobileIron's James Plouffe on Mr. Robot, mobile threats How does SandJacking let attackers load malware on iOS devices? How did a pirated app bypass Apple's App Store security? Load More View All Stagefright exploit created with reliable ASLR bypass New YiSpecter iOS malware affects non-jailbroken devices Android Stagefright 2.0 affects all 1.4 billion Android devices As the CIA enters the picture, iOS malware count up to 4,000 Load More View All News How does SlemBunk collect Android user credentials? How can the Siri attack, 'iStegSiri,' be mitigated? CALEA (Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act) View All Get started How can users protect mobile devices from SandJacking attacks? How does SandJacking let attackers load malware on iOS devices? Stale, dead apps emerging as serious mobile security risks Unmasking the Masque attack: Inside the iOS security flaw Load More View All Evaluate How can users protect mobile devices from SandJacking attacks? Risk & Repeat: MobileIron's James Plouffe on Mr. Robot, mobile threats Cyber Reconnaissance, Surveillance and Defense How can malicious apps posing as real apps be detected? Load More View All Manage How did a pirated app bypass Apple's App Store security? How does SlemBunk collect Android user credentials? How does YiSpecter affect non-jailbroken iOS devices? Can a state-sponsored attack on mobile devices be traced? Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook DevOps and security promises better apps, infrastructures E-Handbook What advanced security analysis tools are and how they work E-Handbook Runtime application self-protection from A to Z Nick Lewis asks: Did your enterprise implement any restrictions on Android device use following the Stagefright vulnerability? Join the Discussion Related Q&A from Nick Lewis How can users protect mobile devices from SandJacking attacks? Attackers can use the SandJacking attack to access sandboxed data on iOS devices. Expert Nick Lewis explains how to protect your enterprise from this...continue reading How is Windows BITS used to redownload malware after its removal? Malicious Windows BITS tasks set up by attackers can reinfect systems even after the malware has been removed. Expert Nick Lewis explains how to ...continue reading Can ZCryptor ransomware be stopped by upgrading to Windows 10? ZCryptor ransomware can self-replicate through autorun files placed on removable storage devices. Expert Nick Lewis explains how your enterprise can ...continue reading Have a question for an expert? Please add a title for your question Get answers from a TechTarget expert on whatever's puzzling you. Add a title You will be able to add details on the next page. Meet all of our Information Security experts View all Information Security questions and answers Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] searchsecurity - 15 Aug 2016 5:00 AM Did your enterprise implement any restrictions on Android device use following the Stagefright vulnerability? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity A look at the shared responsibility model of cloud providers Many cloud providers now offer a shared responsibility model for their customers. Expert Dave Shackleford looks at the major ... How bring your own encryption in the cloud works for enterprises Bring your own encryption offerings for the cloud are more common now. Expert Ed Moyle discusses the benefits and drawback of ... Cloud DDoS protection: What enterprises need to know DDoS attacks are a continuing problem, and enterprises should consider using cloud DDoS protection services. Expert Frank Siemons... SearchNetworking The ways you can make Wave 2 wireless work for you The introduction of Wave 2 wireless and 802.11ac products promises to deliver improved performance and other networking benefits ... Tips to understand different TCP port-scanning techniques TCP port scanning detects vulnerabilities within networks, and knowing the different scans available can help network ... Cisco patent infringement avoided, new Arista OSes OK to import Federal officials have cleared Arista's newer switches for importation to the U.S. after trade officials found older Arista ... SearchCIO Achieve digital success: Takeaways from CEB's Summit for IT Leaders Faster IT operating models, companywide change, new hires: The CEB Summit for IT Leaders maps out the steps to digital success. Microsoft and Linux: Growing ties could benefit CIOs Microsoft's recent arrival as a Premier-level member of The Linux Foundation deepens the Redmond company's involvement in open ... Perkins taps cloud for mobile bus stop app Cloud computing is helping Perkins School for the Blind deliver bus stop information to people with visual impairment -- today in... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Four ways to squeeze more juice into the Windows 7 lifecycle Windows 7 is not dead. There are many reasons IT keeps it around. To make the OS perform well, admins must modernize it and make ... Close Windows security gaps with third-party software patching Hackers target third-party software on Windows workstations because they know the patches are often out of date. Admins can ... Unearth the secrets behind three Windows 10 hidden features The main features of Windows 10 are no surprise anymore, but there are some less heralded tools, such as Web Notes, that deserve ... SearchCloudComputing Prevent ransomware threats to cloud apps with backup, security tools As ransomware attacks become more sophisticated, cloud-based applications are at risk. Use continuous backup and educate end ... Explore Microsoft Azure automation options and tools Cloud admins can use a variety of tools and methods to automate Azure deployments. Decide whether runbooks, DSC or other ... Combat the latest cloud security challenges and risks Enterprises continue to put cloud security strategies at the top of their to-do lists. Learn the latest cloud security risks and ... ComputerWeekly CW500: Enterprise collaboration for a mobile workforce – Wellcome Trust Computer Weekly’s CW500 Club heard from IT leaders who have introduced collaboration technology to support an increasingly mobile... Case study: How the RAC is digitising roadside assistance The RAC, an organisation steeped in tradition, is on a modernisation drive. We look at how Microsoft Azure is helping it ... Chancellor Phillip Hammond announces £400m investment in tech startups Promises made in the chancellor’s autumn statement include major investment in venture capital to innovative startups and a £390m... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
X Navigatie Home Topics Events Specials Dossiers Vacatures Webwereld Werk CIO|100 Meer ICT Webwereld CIO CSO CXO IT Library IT Q&A   Topics Cloud Laatste artikelen over Cloud De gevolgen van het einde van Apple's draadloze routers Microsoft floreert in de cloud terwijl Oracle moet worstelen om te overleven 10 AWS beveiligingsblunders en hoe ze te vermijden IT-afdelingen raken grotendeels overbodig Security Laatste artikelen over Security Kan een aanval het internet omleggen? Vanaf 1 januari word je overspoeld door online foutmeldingen 4 open source projecten die bijna kopje onder gaan Bestaat privacy nog? Amper! Management Laatste artikelen over Management IT'ers zijn geen radertjes in een machine 5 redenen waarom je dataverwerking moet uitbesteden 9 tips om gezonder en productiever te werken 7 tips om een burn-out te voorkomen Projectmanagement Laatste artikelen over Projectmanagement 6 manieren om IT af te stemmen op de business 10 dingen die je over Microsoft Outlook moet weten 14 horrorklanten - en hoe je ze neutraliseert Hoe je jouw organisatie klaarstoomt voor cloud IT Beheer Laatste artikelen over IT Beheer 6 handige mobiele beheerfeatures in Windows 10 Zo maak je Windows 10 slanker 15 onmisbare IT-apps voor Android IT-afdelingen raken grotendeels overbodig Carrière Laatste artikelen over Carrière IT-afdelingen raken grotendeels overbodig 5 manieren om je IT-carrière te rebooten Microsoft verandert MCSE- en MCSD-certificeringen drastisch 4 signalen dat het tijd is voor een nieuwe baan Overheid Laatste artikelen over Overheid Vrijheid op internet wordt steeds zeldzamer Bedreigt President Donald Trump je privacy? 86-jarig omaatje aangepakt om downloaden illegale game Nederland boekt succes tegen ransomware Events Events CXO Summit IT Innovation Day 2016 Summit 2016 Specials Specials Tele2 Mobility CIO100: digitale transformatie Creating impact in a digital era Flexibel werken zonder datalekken Windows 10 Mythes ontkracht IT voor het MKB The Connected IT Organisation The new digital era Bekijk alle specials » Vacatures Webwereld Werk CIO|100 afmelden aanmelden Webwereld Werk CIO|100 Aanmelden Afmelden Beste bezoeker, Wij zien dat u een adblocker gebruikt die ervoor zorgt dat u geen advertenties ziet op computerworld.nl. Dit vinden wij jammer, want computerworld.nl is mede dankzij deze advertenties gratis toegankelijk. Wilt u een uitzondering maken voor computerworld.nl door deze te whitelisten? ! Home / Software / Fuchsia, het nieuwe besturingssysteem van Google Welkom op computerworld.nl! Wist u dat u met een gratis Insider-account altijd op de hoogte blijft over al het nieuws, achtergrondartikelen, opinies, interviews en events rondom IT? Schrijf u nu gratis in »         0 Reacties Bewaren Fuchsia, het nieuwe besturingssysteem van Google Maar er is nog weinig over bekend. Niemand weet nog wat het precies is, maar volgens Android Police draait Fuchsia op zowat elk soort van apparaat. Fuchsia, het nieuwe besturingssysteem van Google Niemand weet nog wat het precies is, maar volgens Android Police draait Fuchsia op zowat elk soort van apparaat. Nick Mediati Internationaal 15 augustus 2016 Delen         0 Reacties Bewaren Al jaren werkt Google tegelijk aan twee besturingssystemen. Android voor mobiele apparaten en Chrome OS voor laptops en desktops. Maar het ziet er naar uit dat Google daar nog een derde besturingssysteem aan toevoegt, en het heet Fuchsia. Computerworld selecteert hier interessante artikelen uit het internationale netwerk van onze uitgever IDG. Although Google isn't revealing much, Android Police dug into the documentation for the project on GitHuband discovered more details about the OS. The biggest takeaway, Android Police notes, is that Fuchsia's kernel, known as Magenta, is designed to work across a wide range of devices - from small "embedded devices" all the way up to desktops and laptops. In addition, Fuchsia makes use of Google's Dart programming language, as well as the company's Material Design-friendly Flutter user interface framework. Is Fuchsia the future? As you might guess, there's plenty of speculation as to what Google plans to do with Fuchsia. Android Police's Corbin Davenport says it could be a future replacement for both Chrome and Android, an OS built for devices like the Chromecast, or just a side project that may not make it into any Google product in its current form. But Fuchsia may rekindle earlier speculation that Google is trying to unify Chrome OS and Android in some way. Last October, reports indicated that Google is plannnig to merge Chrome OS into Android and would introduce the resulting new operating system in 2017. Google denied that it would kill off Chrome OS shortly thereafter, but that doesn't rule out the possibility that the company wants to bring the two operating systems closer together. One possibility I see is where Google uses Fuchsia instead of Linux as the underpinnings for next-generation versions of Chrome OS and Android. That is, both would use some form of Fuchsia - or the Magenta kernel - as the underlying basis of the two operating systems (as well as the operating system for other Google devices such as the Chromecast). Under such a scenario, Fuchsia wouldn't be a replacement for Androuid and Chrome OS in of itself. Instead, the two OSes would live own with their own branding, their own interfaces, and their own features tailored to whatever device they're designed for. Of course, whether that actually happens is anyone's guess, but given Google's existing efforts to tie together its two operating systems, it seems well within the realm the possibility. Gerelateerde vragen Krijgt VR een boost van de concurrentie met de release van de Samsung Galaxy S7? 1 Krijgt VR een boost van de concurrentie met de release van de Samsung Galaxy S7? Welke is de betere: Samsung Gear VR of Oculus Rift? 1 Stel je vraag Meer vragen » Delen         0 Reacties Bewaren Lees meer over Google Android chrome os Oudste boven ▾ Reacties Reageren Annuleren Reactie bewerken Annuleren Misbruik melden Annuleren Er zijn nog geen reacties. Reageer Om een reactie te plaatsen moet u ingelogd zijn. Preview ICT-vacatures van Stepstone Testautomatisering Coach Stater IT integratiespecialist/ontwikkelaar Rijksoverheid Lead .NET software developer (ASP.NET, REST API, C#) Otravo B.V. Senior LabVIEW Software Developer (m/f) - Nederland Rialto Recruitment nv Bekijk alle ICT vacatures » Special Tele2 Mobility Bekijk de Tele2 special over mobility Naar special » Aanbevolen artikel 10 Windows 10-instellingen voor paranoïde gebruikers Contact Disclaimer Adverteren Sitemap Nieuws Achtergrond Strategie Business Security Resources Vraag & antwoord Deze website maakt gebruik van cookies. Waarom? Klik hier voor ons privacy- en cookiebeleid. Door op akkoord te klikken of door gebruik te blijven maken van deze website geeft u aan akkoord te zijn met het gebruik van cookies. Akkoord Copyright IDG Nederland - Alle rechten voorbehouden IDG Nederland is uitgever van CIO, Computerworld, CSO, CXO, IT Library, IT Q&A, Webwereld, CIO Summit Series en CXO Summit Meer informatie: IDG Nederland, IDG.com, Privacy- en cookiestatement, Cookie-overzicht Sluiten In case you missed it, here's the big news from Samsung's Developer Conference. In case you missed it, here's the big news from Samsung's Developer Conference. In case you missed it, here's the big news from Samsung's Developer Conference. In case you missed it, here's the big news from Samsung's Developer Conference. In case you missed it, here's the big news from Samsung's Developer Conference. In case you missed it, here's the big news from Samsung's Developer Conference. In case you missed it, here's the big news from Samsung's Developer Conference. In case you missed it, here's the big news from Samsung's Developer Conference. Video cannot be shown in this browser. Sluiten
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Fiber looks for alternatives to building its own network Eric Abent - Aug 15, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit If you’ve been disappointed by the rather slow roll out of Google Fiber, it would appear you’re not alone. Alphabet Inc. seems a little frustrated as well, and as a result, the company will begin looking for alternatives to laying its own cable and building out its network at its current slow pace. These new initiatives would include testing wireless technologies, leasing existing fiber networks, and working with towns and municipalities to get them to lay the fiber networks Google would ultimately use. Leasing existing networks and rolling out new fiber connections wirelessly serves two purposes for Alphabet: not only would taking a multi-faceted approach to fiber roll out cut costs, but it would also accelerate the speed at which Google Fiber could launch its service for new customers. If you’re anywhere outside of Google Fiber’s test regions and have been craving those sweet, sweet fiber connections, faster roll out is anything but bad. This news is also encouraging in light of recent delays, with Google moving back the time frame for some cities by as much as six months. In addition to laying its own cables, Google has been working with some cities and municipalities to get fiber laid at the same time as electric cables when new houses are built, and it could bring fiber to existing locations faster by leasing fiber networks that are currently underused. Google’s wireless approach would entail using its fiber network to feed antennas that wirelessly connect customers to the internet, something that would help cut back on costs significantly. These decisions come as Alphabet discovers the headaches associated with building a fiber network from what is essentially the ground up – when you have to tear up yards to lay down cable and deal with competitors who block off utility poles, it all amounts to a roll out that is slow, expensive, and laborious. Hopefully these initiatives help Google Fiber expand its network at a faster tick, because with the company recently delaying roll outs in places like San Jose and Portland, it sounds like something has to be done to get the ball moving a little more quickly. SOURCE: Wall Street Journal Story Timeline First city to get Google Fiber also first to lose free Internet Google Fiber TV Box gets Google Cast support Google Fiber to buy Webpass ISP in expansion bid Google Fiber offers up three new plans for small businesses Tags AlphabetBusinessgoogleGoogle FiberInternet Must Read Bits & Bytes The government wants to cripple your phone while driving The 5 best Black Friday gaming sales of 2016 The 8 best games for an SNES Classic Edition launch How a combined Tesla and SolarCity make sense Google doubles-down on WiFi as Apple eyes the exits Latest Headlines 2016 is saved as Microsoft Solitaire hits iOS and Android Nov 23, 2016 The government wants to cripple your phone while driving Nov 23, 2016 Blizzard Black Friday 2016 sale includes Warcraft, Overwatch deals Nov 23, 2016 How to stream the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade 2016 live Nov 23, 2016 Rocket League Game of the Year Edition drives onto PS4 and PC Nov 23, 2016 Latest Reviews 2016 Subaru WRX STI Review: Backroad Behemoth Nov 22, 2016 Huawei Mate 9 Review Nov 22, 2016 Lenovo YOGA 910 Review Nov 21, 2016 Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Stocks to Watch Monday: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Sysco Corporation (SYY) GOOGL and MSFT are hitting slight speed bumps, while SYY is racing ahead on an earnings beat Aug 15, 2016, 8:41 am EST  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     Last week closed on a mixed note. The S&P 500 lost 0.1% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average finished off 0.2%, but the Nasdaq Composite ticked 0.1% higher to reach a new all-time high. The performance was in large part thanks to disappointing July retail sales, which also knocked the U.S. dollar down a bit. As we kick off Monday, Big Tech — Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) — is making a few headlines. Meanwhile, Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY) stands alone as the only earnings mover for the morning. Here’s what you need to know as we head into Monday’s trading day: Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) Alphabet Inc is apparently rethinking the world of high-speed internet. According to people familiar with the plans, GOOGL has suspended current Google Fiber projects while it determines whether it wants to continue going with fiber-optic cables, or switch to wireless technology. 7 Heavy-Hitting Small-Caps That Will Wallop the Market Building the service — which has only been released in six metro areas over four years — requires digging up streets and laying thousands of miles of cables in major U.S. cities. San Jose and Portland, Oregon, were in the middle of construction, but now will have to wait out Google’s decision. Palo Alto, California, might have to wait at least six months. The team responsible for Fiber is rethinking how to make this a possibility, and delaying projects. Construction has been suspended in San Jose, Calif. and Portland Ore. Also, the rumor mill is churning out reports that there will be a Nexus 7, released in August, that will debut the newest Google operating system, Nougat. GOOGL shares are trending slightly higher this morning, and are up about 4% year-to-date. Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) MSFT is having issues with its Windows 10 Anniversary Update, which apparently is causing technical problems. Many are experiencing an issue that causes their computer to freeze once they log in after having updated their operating system. A patch has yet to be released, but Microsoft said it’s aware of the issue and it’s working on fixing it. The problem may affect a new, third-party camera app that is being launched today for the operating system. ProShot already exists for Windows phones, but now it is available for PCs. The app’s developers said the computer version of ProShot is significantly different than the one for mobile devices. You can avoid the issue for now by logging into Windows 10’s Safe Mode. MSFT shares, like GOOGL, are up fractionally, but are enjoying a roughly 4% gain on the year. Sysco Corporation (SYY) Food and foodservice distributor Sysco is getting a great bump this morning to new all-time highs thanks to a fiscal fourth-quarter beat on the bottom line. SYY earned $215.67 million in the quarter, roughly triple its performance in the year-ago quarter. On an adjusted basis, profits of 64 cents per share beat the consensus estimate for 61 cents. Revenues improved, too, from $12.40 billion to $13.65 billion, though that figure did fall slightly below estimates for $13.68 billion. Caterpillar Inc.: CAT Stock Could Pop Soon All told, fiscal 2016 was a strong one for Sysco, which improved sales by 3.5% to $50.4 billion and gross profits 5.7% to $9 billion. SYY stock was responding with a 5% climb in Monday’s premarket trade. As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 7 Monthly Dividend Stocks With Great Yields Why Alibaba Stock Has 20% Upside (BABA) Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/3-stocks-to-watch-monday-alphabet-inc-googl-microsoft-corporation-msft-and-sysco-corporation-syy/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Household, Consumer & Cosmetics | Computer Electronics | Consumer Electronics | Publishing & Information Services | Surveys, Polls and Research Voice Control Will Become the Bedrock for Smart Home Applications Download image ABI Research Forecasts More Than 120 Million Voice-Enabled Devices Will Ship in 2021 NEW YORK, Aug. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- While Siri and Google Now are well-established smartphone features, it is in the smart home that voice control systems will live out their full potential. Smart TVs, smart refrigerators, smart plugs, and more will extend the reach and simplicity of managing the smart home environment using voice. With ABI Research forecasting more than 120 million voice-enabled devices to ship annually by 2021, voice control, which combines speech recognition and natural language processing, is quickly becoming the key user interface within the smart home.   Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276887LOGO "Led by the success of Amazon's Alexa platform, smart home voice control is creating new competition and demands for wireless speaker and other vendors to include voice capabilities in their devices," says Jonathan Collins, Research Director at ABI Research. "But the scaling of voice control applications in the smart home breeds complexity. Vendors will need to evaluate how and when to bring voice control into smart home devices in order to best tackle adding the service into wider smart home systems." New microphone-enhanced products will extend the ability to hear voice commands throughout a smart home environment. These will include cameras, doorbells, smart lighting and others. A number of vendors, such as Google with its learning thermostat Nest, are already expanding their products to support listening capabilities. But tying multiple listening and voice controlled devices together into a coherent smart home system will require a shared voice platform. So far devoid of any standardization, each of the primary home voice platform providers—Apple, Amazon, and Google—all have their own approaches and ways of leveraging their voice capabilities to extend and support their core businesses. "As more devices support voice control, new voice platforms will increasingly aim to support device and device and service providers," concludes Collins. "In the past few months, for example, Viv Labs emerged as a company focused solely on extending its voice platform to as many services and devices as possible—without tying it to a sub-strategy of boosting the appeal of a separate core business." These findings are from ABI Research's Voice Integration and Control in the Smart Home (https://www.abiresearch.com/market-research/product/1025257-voice-integration-and-control-in-the-smart/). This report is part of the company's Smart Home sector (https://www.abiresearch.com/market-research/practice/connected-home/), which includes research, data, and analyst insights. About ABI Research ABI Research stands at the forefront of technology market research, providing business leaders with comprehensive research and consulting services to help them implement informed, transformative technology decisions. Founded more than 25 years ago, the company's global team of senior and long-tenured analysts delivers deep market data forecasts, analyses, and teardown services. ABI Research is an industry pioneer, proactively uncovering ground-breaking business cycles and publishing research 18 to 36 months in advance of other organizations. For more information, visit www.abiresearch.com. Contact Info: Mackenzie Gavel             Tel: +1.516.624.2542 pr@abiresearch.com SOURCE ABI Research RELATED LINKS http://www.abiresearch.com More by this Source Mobile Operators Choose 4G LTE Outdoor Small Cells to Manage Escalating Traffic Demand 21 Nov, 2016, 16:19 GMT Car OEMs Target 2021 for Rollout of SAE Levels 4 and 5 of Autonomous Driving 17 Nov, 2016, 16:09 GMT Short-Range Wireless Connectivity to Thrive in Emerging IoT Applications 16 Nov, 2016, 17:15 GMT View all news by ABI Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Household, Consumer & Cosmetics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Mittwoch, 23.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Voice Control Will Become the Bedrock for Smart Home Applications 15.08.2016 | 17:04 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Voice Control Will Become the Bedrock for Smart Home Applications ABI Research Forecasts More Than 120 Million Voice-Enabled Devices Will Ship in 2021 NEW YORK, Aug. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- While Siri and Google Now are well-established smartphone features, it is in the smart home that voice control systems will live out their full potential. Smart TVs, smart refrigerators, smart plugs, and more will extend the reach and simplicity of managing the smart home environment using voice. With ABI Research forecasting more than 120 million voice-enabled devices to ship annually by 2021, voice control, which combines speech recognition and natural language processing, is quickly becoming the key user interface within the smart home. Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276887LOGO "Led by the success of Amazon's Alexa platform, smart home voice control is creating new competition and demands for wireless speaker and other vendors to include voice capabilities in their devices," says Jonathan Collins, Research Director at ABI Research. "But the scaling of voice control applications in the smart home breeds complexity. Vendors will need to evaluate how and when to bring voice control into smart home devices in order to best tackle adding the service into wider smart home systems." New microphone-enhanced products will extend the ability to hear voice commands throughout a smart home environment. These will include cameras, doorbells, smart lighting and others. A number of vendors, such as Google with its learning thermostat Nest, are already expanding their products to support listening capabilities. But tying multiple listening and voice controlled devices together into a coherent smart home system will require a shared voice platform. So far devoid of any standardization, each of the primary home voice platform providers-Apple, Amazon, and Google-all have their own approaches and ways of leveraging their voice capabilities to extend and support their core businesses. "As more devices support voice control, new voice platforms will increasingly aim to support device and device and service providers," concludes Collins. "In the past few months, for example, Viv Labs emerged as a company focused solely on extending its voice platform to as many services and devices as possible-without tying it to a sub-strategy of boosting the appeal of a separate core business." These findings are from ABI Research's Voice Integration and Control in the Smart Home (https://www.abiresearch.com/market-research/product/1025257-voice-integration-and-control-in-the-smart/). This report is part of the company's Smart Home sector (https://www.abiresearch.com/market-research/practice/connected-home/), which includes research, data, and analyst insights. About ABI Research ABI Research stands at the forefront of technology market research, providing business leaders with comprehensive research and consulting services to help them implement informed, transformative technology decisions. Founded more than 25 years ago, the company's global team of senior and long-tenured analysts delivers deep market data forecasts, analyses, and teardown services. ABI Research is an industry pioneer, proactively uncovering ground-breaking business cycles and publishing research 18 to 36 months in advance of other organizations. For more information, visit www.abiresearch.com. Contact Info:Mackenzie Gavel Tel: +1.516.624.2542 pr@abiresearch.com © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EU plans to extend some telecom rules to web-based providers By Reuters Published: 10:38 EST, 15 August 2016 | Updated: 10:38 EST, 15 August 2016 e-mail By Julia Fioretti BRUSSELS, Aug 15 (Reuters) - The European Union is planning to extend telecom rules covering security and confidentiality of communications to web services such as Microsoft's Skype and Facebook's WhatsApp which could restrict how they use encryption. The rules currently only apply to telecoms providers such as Vodafone and Orange. According to an internal European Commission document seen by Reuters, the EU executive wants to extend some of the rules to web companies offering calls and messages over the Internet. Telecoms companies have long complained that web groups such as Alphabet Inc's Google, Microsoft and Facebook are more lightly regulated despite offering similar services and have called for the EU's telecoms-specific rules to be repealed. They have also said that companies such as Google and Facebook can make money from the use of customer data. "Unlike telcos, OTT (web-based) are global players that are allowed to commercially exploit the traffic data and the location data they collect," telecoms group Orange said in a response to the EU's public consultation on the reform proposals. Under the existing "ePrivacy Directive", telecoms operators have to protect users' communications and ensure the security of their networks and may not keep customers' location and traffic data. The EU rules also allow national governments to restrict the right to confidentiality for national security and law enforcement purposes. Many tech companies such as Facebook and Google already offer end-to-end encryption on their messaging and email services. They argue there is no need to extend the telecoms rules to web services and that the EU should not dictate how they protect their users' communications. Facebook, which uses full-scale encryption on WhatsApp, said in its response to the Commission's public consultation that extending the rules to online messaging services would mean they could in effect "no longer be able to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the communication through encryption" because governments would have the option of restricting the confidentiality right for national security purposes. "Therefore, any expansion of the current ePD (ePrivacy Directive) should not have the undesired consequence of undermining the very privacy it is seeking to protect," the company said. Tech companies have been at loggerheads with national governments and police agencies over the use of encryption. Advocates of strong encryption argue the technology is vital for protecting the privacy of consumers and businesses. EU Commission Vice-President Andrus Ansip has spoken out in the past in favour of encryption. The EU document said that the exact confidentiality obligations for web firms would still have to be defined. The Commission could also force the companies to allow their users to take a copy of their content, for example emails, with them when they switch providers, according to the document. The EU executive will propose a reform of the ePrivacy rules later this year, while a broader overhaul of the EU's telecoms rules will come in September. The Commission said it was considering whether the scope of the current rules needed to be adapted needs "to ensure adequate levels of consumer protection and ensure that regulation does not distort competition." "This does not necessarily mean treating all communications services the same for all purposes," Commission spokeswoman Nathalie Vandystadt said. (Editing by Jane Merriman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Nick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spree with his ex's card after she leant it to him to buy food Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during third day of his Caribbean tour  Going green Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle Going for a spin A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list One to forget? All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause The King is back PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from Game Of Thrones as she joins Mel Gibson for The Professor And The Madman filming Goodbye, classroom. Hello, Loose Women! GBBO winner Candice reveals she feels 'horrendous' about ditching teaching for baking career 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' HBO releases long-awaited 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls 10-episode swan song Jesy Nelson looks in great spirits as she struts to Little Mix's interview in racy thigh-high boots... amid claims she 'split from fiancé Jake Roche weeks ago' Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as children beg them to be nice to each other' Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney cat clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Feline fine  Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who hospitalized him' in psychotic episode that forced Kim to cancel comeback 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close friend Kanye West Rapper was hospitalised on Monday 'I'm married and I have a propensity to shag strangers': Former party boy Robbie Williams reveals why he now chooses to stay home over a night out Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie because it's her 'reality'  Speaking out  No pain, no gain: Real Housewives star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Pampering Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Deadline Business TPG Partners Agrees To Pay $2.3B For Cable Firms, With Help From … Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News Thanksgiving B.O.: 'Moana' Off To $2.6M Start; 'Beasts' Tops Top Stories Video Martin Scorsese’s ‘Silence’ Trailer Makes Debut – Watch by by David Lieberman Film Adam McKay Set To Direct Paramount’s Dick Cheney Pic by by David Lieberman Box Office ‘Rogue One’ Tracking In: $100M-$140M For U.S. Bow by by David Lieberman The Contenders Videos: Gibson, Beatty, Bridges, More Business TPG Partners Agrees To Pay $2.3B For Cable Firms, With Help From Google by David Lieberman August 15, 2016 7:47am 0 Business Breaking News Corporate Affairs Google Capital TPG Capital TPG Partners Private equity firm TPG Capital says this morning that it has agreed to pay $1.6 billion for RCN Telecom Services and $650 million for Grande Communications Networks and plans to meld them into a top ten U.S. cable company. Related CAA Negotiating Sale Of Majority Stake To TPG But the companies didn’t announce the most interesting part of the deal: Google Capital is taking a minority stake, The Wall Street Journal reports citing “people familiar with the matter.” That could be important because Google wants to pressure cable companies to offer speedy broadband services. It has deemed its Google Fiber initiatives in six communities to be uneconomical. TPG says it expects its new cable deals to close by the end of March. Both companies are overbuilders, meaning they compete in their communities with larger cable and phone providers. The investment firm is working with Patriot Media, which manages RCN and Grande.  Their markets include Austin, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Lehigh Valley, New York, Pennsylvania, San Antonio, and Washington, DC. There’s “an overwhelming demand for affordable, high-speed cable networks,” TPG partner David Trujillo says. “There is an unprecedented amount of diverse, creative content being produced that is extremely bandwidth intensive…High-speed data has become, and will remain, the essential connection for both consumers and businesses. Both RCN and Grande are proven leaders in providing fast, affordable, and reliable data services.” The companies say that Patriot will make “significant investments” in its networks to expand the number of homes receiving Gigabit per second broadband service. TPG is a familiar name in media and entertainment. It’s made investments in companies including CAA, Cirque du Soleil, Lynda.com, Spotify, STX, and Univision. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments What's Hot on Deadline 1 'Rogue One' Hits Tracking With $100M-$140M; UK Tickets Available, So When Do U.S. Sales Begin? 2 New 'Silence' Trailer Gives Thrilling First Look At Martin Scorsese Epic Of Feudal Japan 3 'Fantastic Beasts' Flies High On Tuesday As 'Moana' Starts To Dance, Beating 'Zootopia', 'Frozen' Preview Nights & More 4 Actors Fund Reaching Out To Help Shelley Duvall After 'Dr Phil' Episode 5 'Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life' Review: Netflix Revival Exactly What Fans Want 6 'Lost In Space': Parker Posey Joins Netflix Series Remake 7 'XXX: The Return Of Xander Cage' Trailer Hits 100M Views In Two Days 8 Mel Gibson On The Fierce Battle To Bring 'Hacksaw Ridge' To The Screen - The Contenders Video 9 As ‘Resident Evil’ Nears $1 Billion, Paul W.S. Anderson & Jeremy Bolt Set ‘Monster Hunter': Q&A 10 'Dr. Phil' Airs Hour Of Ill & Confused Shelley Duvall For November Sweep Broadcast, Triggering Hollywood Outrage Latest Business News New York Times-Heavy Slate Wins NewsGuild Election Amid Fear Of Job Cuts WGA Protests Prime Minister's Threat To Dismantle Israel’s New Public Broadcasting Corp The Bart & Fleming Podcast Episode #3: So Many Great Films, Not Enough Time Comcast Agrees To Add Sling TV App To Its X1 Platform Video Game Strike: Actors Take To Virtual SAG-AFTRA Picket Line NY's IATSE Local One Gifts $875,000 To The Actors Fund More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS TV Ratings: 'Dancing With the Stars' Finale Down 25% From Last… Ratings: Scream Queens Scares Up New Lows, NCIS Hits 5-Episode… Laurie Hernández en 'Dancing With the Stars': Un repaso a sus… Best Buy: Shop These Amazing Black Friday Sales & Deals Before… Here's how much it would cost to buy everything in the NES… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife VarietyLatino TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2016 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2016 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Operating Systems and Platforms/ Rumor: Google Prepping 'Fuchsia' OS Rumor: Google Prepping 'Fuchsia' OS By David Murphy August 15, 2016 09:36am EST 10 Comments The new operating system isn't based on the Linux kernel, unlike Chrome OS and Android. Google is reportedly working on a new operating system, according to Android Police. It's not going to replace Android or Chrome OS, but it could serve as an additional choice for an unknown range of products. The OS, currently called Fuchsia, also comes with another trick: unlike Android and Chrome OS, it's not based on Linux. Google isn't spilling much information itself. The description on Fuchsia's GitHub page is fairly unremarkable: "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." That's it. //Related Articles Don't Merge Chrome OS and Android. Kill Chrome OS According to Android Police, the operating system's Magenta kernel allows it to work with full-fledged desktop and laptop PCs, as well as various wearable devices. Fuchsia can run on 32-bit and 64-bit ARM CPUs, as well as 64-bit Intel CPUs (and, eventually, Raspberry Pi 3). Looking forward, it's certainly possible that Fuchsia could replace both Chrome OS and Android, but it's a bit too early to call it just yet. As for why Google is working on a new OS, the current speculation suggests that the company is looking to deploy something that's a bit more lightweight for devices that don't have a full Linux load. Theoretically, Fuchsia would make more sense when used within lesser devices, like IoT products, Google's OnHub router, or a car dashboard unit. It's also possible that Google's interest in a new operating system is just that—interest, not an indication that Google is planning to add a new OS to its mix. As Android Police notes, Google is already fairly well-served by Android and Chrome OS, and building a brand-new operating system from scratch takes a lot of resources, time, and debugging. Back to top Previous : Delta Scrambles to Restore Servers After Power Cut Google's Android-Chrome OS Hybrid Inches Closer to Reality Next : By David Murphy Freelancer David Murphy got his first real taste of technology journalism when he arrived at PC Magazine as an intern in 2005. A three-month gig turned to six months, six months turned to occasional freelance assignments, and he has since rejoined his tech-loving, mostly New York-based friends as one of PCMag.com's news contributors. His rise to (self-described) fame in the world of tech journalism began during his stint as an associate editor at Maximum PC, where his love of cardboard-based PC construction and meetings put him in... More » More Stories by David ComScore: Half of All Smartphone Time is Spent on Apps There's an app for everything, and it seems that more people are turning to their smartphone apps fo... More » Firewatch Comes to Xbox One Sept. 21 Xbox One gamers will get to play the game's new free-roam mode before anybody else. More » Report: Daimler Targets Tesla with 69 New Electric Vehicles by 2024 Daimler has fired up its research and development for premium electric cars, in the hopes that it ca... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More //Best VOIP Software... RingCentral Office Broadvoice Cloud PBX Vonage Business //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Toggle navigation ABOUT US CONTACT US AUTHORS search Home News Latest News Startups Social Mobile Gadgets Gaming Apps Autos All Topics Reviews Smartphones Wearable Tablets/Laptops/Ultrabooks Event CES E3 Google-I/O WWDC How To Videos E3 Companies search E3 News Here’s Why Sony Didn’t Announce PlayStation Neo at E3 2016 E3 2016: Mighty No.9 Releasing Next Week E3 2016: Mighty No.9 Releasing Next Week Hajime Tabata Answers Final Fantasy XV Related Questions at E3 2016 Hajime Tabata Answers Final Fantasy XV Related Questions at E3 2016 Nier: Automata Gets New Details at E3 2016 Nier: Automata Gets New Details at E3 2016 The Division: More Gear Sets on Their Way to E3 Previous Next Google to Come up with a New Operating System Google to Come up with a New Operating System Unlike Android and Chrome OS, the new OS will be based upon Magenta kernel By: Staff Writer on Aug 15, 2016 at 9:49 am EST More articles on: Google Inc. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Add to Flipboard Magazine. In its quest to grab a larger market share of the operating system industry, Google plans to release a third OS — dubbed Fuchsia. According to Business Insider, there is no official word from the search giant but the new system — currently under development — appeared as a new project on GitHub. Unlike Android and Chrome OS, which are based on Linux Kernel, the new OS will be based on Magenta kernel. Sources also claim that the kernel is created to be easily integrated on all types of devices, ranging from blown computers to smartphones, smartwatches and even IoT devices such as the Google Home or the OnHub Router. GitHub also revealed that Google plans to use its own programming language, Dart. For the user interface, the company will reportedly use Flutter, the open source mobile development framework. The build and templates library shows that the OS has been in development for months, and according to some sources, it’s being tested on some next-gen computers as well. Analysts have had different opinions about the OS, with some saying that it will be a standalone system. Others claim that it could help Chrome OS and Android “unify in some way.” This could be done with Fuchsia being as the basis of the upcoming versions of Android and Chrome OS. This means Linux kernel will be ditched while Fuchsia or the Magenta kernel will be used for the other two OS by the company. We believe the latter claim makes more sense since Google might be looking to be less dependent upon third-party resources and shifting to something which is homegrown. The strategy to unify Chrome OS and Android seems to be underway, as Google recently added the support on Chrome OS for Android apps. While this adds to productivity, it could also be the first step towards merging the two operating systems. However, as suggested by GitHub, we might never see a public release of the OS, or this might just be another revolutionary project. But all we can do is speculate till there’s an official confirmation on the system. Editing by Omair Siddiqui; Graphics by Ahsan Haque Get the TNT App Staff Writer on Aug 15, 2016 at 9:49 am EST STAY CONNECTED FOLLOW TNT NOW @TNT_dotcom Share on Facebook Share on Twitter comments section Disqus Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Sign Up to Receive a daily dose of tech straight to your inbox (success) SUBMIT Enter Email Address TRENDING Gaming Grand Theft Auto is Take Two Interactive’s Prized Treasure Latest Android Pay: Uber Promotions, Chase Visa Additions, Mobile Web Payments Latest How to Stream and What to Expect from Apple iPhone Event Gaming Mafia 3 to be Supported by Three “Major” Expansions and Tons of Free Stuff Gaming Acer Predator 21X: Could the Dominion of Desktop PCs be Over? Gaming Pokemon Go: Poke Ball That Actually Works Terms And Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2015 Tech News Today
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Software Google Google is working on a new OS called Fuchsia that can run on almost any device By Rob Thubron on Aug 15, 2016, 8:30 AM TechSpot Google is developing a brand new operating system that's quite a departure from its previous offerings. The open source project was discovered on GitHub with the description “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System).” Unlike Google’s other OSes such as Android and Chrome OS, Fuchsia isn’t based on Linux; instead, it uses the new Magenta Kernel, which is designed to power Internet of Things devices and compete against commercial embedded operating systems such as FreeRTOS and ThreadX, according to Android Police. However, Magenta is easily scalable so it can work on things like smartphones and desktop/laptop PCs. Fuchsia supports both 32-bit and 64-bit ARM CPUs, 64-bit PCs, user modes, and a capability-based security model. It uses Google’s in-house Dart programming language and the Flutter user interface framework, suggesting that Fuchsia is built with Material Design in mind. Google has yet to announce Fuchsia, but 9to5Google reports that two engineers from the company confirmed a couple of details: Google had decided to build Fuchsia open source from the beginning, which is why it's publicly visible; and it will eventually be officially announced and documented, but no there’s no timeframe for when this might happen. Until Google reveals more, whatever plans it has for Fuchsia remain unknown. Its usage may not extend beyond IoT devices, or it could ultimately become the replacement for Android and Chrome OS. You can have a look at it yourself over on Github. Related Reads Google readies its own health and fitness tracking platform, dubbed Google Fit Google removes Google+ integration from the Play Store, tests new features Google teams up with fashion icon to create new Google Glass frames 4 comments 143 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… Google makes Chrome up to 15% faster on Windows, could relocate search bar in Chrome for Android This is how Tesla's autopilot sees world around it Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Popular 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 10 No scrolling in Opera browser? Why not? 40 Microsoft is bleeding web browser users, data shows 9 New Firefox, all add ons and bookmarks gone 16 Problem with GMail Backup 15 Chrome 55 will drastically reduce RAM usage thanks to updated JavaScript engine Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
null
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Google submits FCC filing, looks to expand wireless Fiber testing to 24 U.S. cities Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Monday, August 15th, 2016, 05:18 Category: Google, News, wireless Tweet Speedy wireless broadband is coming your way via Google. In a recent Federal Communications Commission filing, Google noted that it has been testing a new wireless-transmission technology using the 3.5-GHz band in Kansas City, but the heavily redacted FCC filing suggests that it wants to dramatically expand to testing “experimental transmitters” at up to 24 US locations, including Provo, Utah, Omaha, Nebraska, and Boulder, Colorado, for a period of 24 months. Google is requesting authorization to operate between the 3.4 and 3.8 GHz band. The company stated that is is currently in the early stages, but hopes to grow. Google Fiber’s original plan to spread super-fast internet across the US involved running high-bandwidth fiber-optic cable directly to each home that its network would serve. That process has so far proved to be expensive and slow-moving. Since it announced the acquisition of point-to-point wireless-internet company Webpass earlier this summer, the Fiber team has started turning more of its attention to a using a new approach that will pair existing fiber with its own wireless technology. Google has also delayed its own Fiber rollout in two Silicon Valley cities as it explores means of finding cheaper, wireless alternatives. Although several of the cities that Google wants to test are already Fiber cities, the tests will be non-commercial for now. All of the end-user devices used for testing will be in the hands of Google employees, contractors, and “‘trusted testers’ selected by Google on a volunteer basis without payment.” Stay tuned for additional details as they become available. Via Business Insider and the San Jose Mercury News Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Apple hints at Black Friday retail sales event, begins releasing details Rumor: Apple has disbanded its wireless router division, reassigned personnel to more profitable product groups iOS developer creates functional version of "Doom" for the Touch Bar Apple possibly throttling data transfer speeds on certain iPhone 7 models Apple launches free repair program for iPhone 6s users experiencing random shutdowns Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply 1 Reply 0 Comments 1 Tweet 0 Facebook 0 Pingbacks Last reply was 3 months ago @PowerPage View 3 months ago Google submits FCC filing, looks to expand wireless Fiber testing to 24 U.S. cities: Tweet Speedy wireless b… https://t.co/RDq4qvR1oQ Reply Search Recent Posts Apple hints at Black Friday retail sales event, begins releasing details iOS developer creates functional version of “Doom” for the Touch Bar Apple launches free repair program for iPhone 6s users experiencing random shutdowns Rumor: Apple has disbanded its wireless router division, reassigned personnel to more profitable product groups Apple possibly throttling data transfer speeds on certain iPhone 7 models November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE Google will soon report null Quality Scores for new & low-activity keywords The null replaces the current default Quality Score of 6 for new keywords. Ginny Marvin on August 15, 2016 at 9:18 am More Beginning the week of September 12, new keywords and keywords that haven’t received any recent clicks and impressions will have a reported Quality Score in AdWords of null, represented by dashes (“–“). By default, any keywords with null Quality Scores will be excluded from reports and automated rules that have Quality Score filters unless you check a new box that will appear with this change to include them. Google recommends reviewing any reports, filters, rules and scripts that include Quality Score before September 12 to be sure they will function properly. This change is an update from July 2015, when Google decided to assign new keywords a default reported Quality Score of 6. At the time, Google said assigning a single default Quality Score for new keywords would “simplify some of our core systems.” The default Quality Score updates after new keywords receive sufficient impression data. Before that shift, Google used to assign a new keyword a Quality Score that was calculated based on the keyword’s performance across the entire system and the individual account’s historical performance. The switch from a default reported score of 6 to null won’t affect the ad auction or the way ads are served. For users, null is a clearer placeholder for reported Quality Score than a default of 6. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Articles Google officially throttling Keyword Planner data for low spending AdWords accounts Confirmed: New AdWords interface rolling out to more users Google remarketing lists for search ads make their way to Google search partners FTC sues 1-800 Contacts over reciprocal, 'anti-competitive' PPC bidding agreements Channel: SEMGoogle: AdWordsSearch Ads Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 7 Major Mistakes That Will Derail Your CMS Project 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success What’s Inside the Always-On Brain 10 Ways You Can Use Reviews to Make Your Job Easier See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Trending: Video preview: Smart cities tour! SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Video: Holiday gift guide 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Windows 10 quick tips: Get the most out of Cortana 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets Ultimate guide to setting up a small business Wi-Fi network More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Android News Meet Fuchsia, a new operating system in the works at Google Nobody quite knows what it's for (yet), but according to Android Police, Fuchsia can run on just about any kind of device. By Nick Mediati | Follow PCWorld | Aug 15, 2016 6:42 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Google More like this Google’s new Fuchsia OS may take over the IoT Holy hell, the Android-Chrome OS merger is actually happening! What everyone's missing about Google Play and Chrome OS Video Add-ons elevate new Moto Z phones For years, Google has developed two operating systems side-by-side in Android for mobile devices and Chrome OS for laptops and desktops. But it looks as though Google now has a third operating system project underway known as Fuchsia.  Although Google isn't revealing much, Android Police dug into the documentation for the project on GitHub and discovered more details about the OS. The biggest takeaway, Android Police notes, is that Fuchsia's kernel, known as Magenta, is designed to work across a wide range of devices—from small "embedded devices" all the way up to desktops and laptops.  In addition, Fuchsia makes use of Google's Dart programming language, as well as the company's Material Design-friendly Flutter user interface framework. Is Fuchsia the future? As you might guess, there's plenty of speculation as to what Google plans to do with Fuchsia. Android Police's Corbin Davenport says it could be a future replacement for both Chrome and Android, an OS built for devices like the Chromecast, or just a side project that may not make it into any Google product in its current form. But Fuchsia may rekindle earlier speculation that Google is trying to unify Chrome OS and Android in some way. Last October, reports indicated that Google is plannnig to merge Chrome OS into Android and would introduce the resulting new operating system in 2017. Google denied that it would kill off Chrome OS shortly thereafter, but that doesn't rule out the possibility that the company wants to bring the two operating systems closer together. One possibility I see is where Google uses Fuchsia instead of Linux as the underpinnings for next-generation versions of Chrome OS and Android. That is, both would use some form of Fuchsia—or the Magenta kernel—as the underlying basis of the two operating systems (as well as the operating system for other Google devices such as the Chromecast). Under such a scenario, Fuchsia wouldn't be a replacement for Android and Chrome OS in of itself. Instead, the two OSes would live with their own branding, their own interfaces and their own features tailored to whatever device they're designed for. Of course, whether that actually happens is anyone's guess, but given Google's efforts to tie together its two operating systems, it seems well within the realm the possibility. Disclosure: The author of this article provides copywriting services to TechSoup, a nonprofit organization that provides services to Google's philanthropy programs. His role at TechSoup does not influence his work for this publication. This story, "Meet Fuchsia, a new operating system in the works at Google" was originally published by PCWorld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Android Smartphones Chromebooks Google Chrome Chromebooks Nick is a freelance contributor and a former editor for TechHive and PCWorld. He likes puns and the color yellow. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native White Paper Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Pelosi says UC IT workers are in ‘untenable position’ House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is urging the University of California to drop plans to send some... Voting security experts tell Clinton to demand recount Hillary Clinton, the apparent loser in the recent U.S. presidential race, should ask for voting... Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots The smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many... On first day in office, Trump to attack visas that 'undercut the American President-elect Donald Trump on Monday sent out the strongest signal yet that the H-1B visa program is... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us My Google and Twitter accounts got hacked, so here’s how I’m dealing with it +10,579 Quentyn Kennemer Aug 15th, 2016 I have a confession to make: I never took security too seriously. I’ve done the bare minimum of setting up 2-step authentication for my important accounts and using complex passwords, but the buck stopped there. I reused passwords. I used passwords for ungodly amounts of time without changing them. I didn’t respond fast enough to suspicious sign-in attempts, largely because they were on sites which I didn’t really have a strong need for. For all that was preached about security, I went a very long time without someone actually breaking in and doing any harm. That is, until last week. I started receiving suspicious sign-in attempts on my Twitter account. My Microsoft account — which has thousands of dollars worth of digitally downloaded Xbox games tied to it — was also targeted. Someone tried hard to get into my Blizzard account where I’d spent hundreds of dollars on World of Warcraft and Hearthstone. And then the kicker: someone actually knew the password to my Google account and attempted to sign in while I was asleep. Thank God I had 2-step authentication setup on it, otherwise they might have gotten access to, well, everything (more on that later). Oh, and as anyone following my Twitter account might have noticed, that was breached in the very same week. I became a woman with a very kinky interest overnight. Needless to say, all these incidents shook me up quite a bit. After all, 3 of the 4 services mentioned have my financial and personal information tied to them, and they all happened within days of each other — one might think someone was out to get me (or perhaps one of the passwords I use too often showed up in some of those leaked password lists). But I digress. I couldn’t worry about who or why or when or how: all I knew was that my accounts were being hit one-by-one and that was enough to get me to change my ways. So here’s what I did about it. First order of business: get a new mindset The most important thing I did when all this went down was obtained a new mindset. Security is important, and it’s time I started acting like it. It shouldn’t have to take for you or myself or anyone to get hacked before realizing this, so I’m telling you now: get in gear before it’s too late. When sites suggest you change your password often, take heed to that wise advice. When you sign up for a new site, don’t use the same password you’ve used for nearly everything else, and try not to use something that’s easily guessable. I know it’s tough to throw in those random numbers and odd characters for a password and you want something you don’t have to lookup, but it’s worth the inconvenience to make sure your accounts aren’t broken into on the back of sheer carelessness. Thankfully there are great tools that can help strengthen and store your passwords so you don’t have to refer to those confusing combinations every time you want to log in. We’ll discuss the one I use shortly. Next up was changing my Google password I have a few email accounts for various reasons, but the one I use for nearly everything is sitting with Google. Email — work or otherwise — goes through there. I have chats on Hangouts with friends and family. My private photos are backed up to Google Photos. My Google account is where verification and forgotten password emails are delivered whenever my brain decides to forget everything. Credit cards are stored on there for purposes of paying for apps, games, storage, and more. My banks, apartment manager, utility companies, internet and phone providers, and my healthcare providers all deliver their unsavory invoices straight to my financials folder. There’s also the fact that someone actually knew the exact password to my Google account. All of that made it really obvious that this was the very first thing that needed to change. Even more than my bank accounts. For now, I decided to go with a 12-character password with a good variety of numbers, letters and casing, and I wrote it down temporarily as I looked to get a handle on other areas. What about passwords for other accounts? With Google out of the way, it was time to tackle other highly-sensitive accounts. I’ve got banks and healthcare logins. I have shopping accounts with over a dozen (maybe close to 2 dozen) retailers and merchants, including Amazon and Best Buy. I have credit card information with gaming vendors such as Sony, Microsoft, Blizzard, Epic Games, Hi-Rez Studios, Riot Games, Valve, and so on and so forth. Holy crap, I have a ton of passwords to change, and I want them all to be unique and complex enough to pass those vague “strength” tests that show while you’re typing them in. Not only do I have to go through and change each password, I have to make sure they’re all stored somewhere secure. Well, paper and pen won’t cut it because I simply don’t have the time (or the space for the clutter). A text file — even stored inside an encrypted folder — isn’t much better. That’s when the need for a powerhouse password manager app became apparent, and I set out on my search for one. There are a number of different things I was looking for in my password manager: It had to be fast and easy to use. At the same time, it had to be powerful enough for my changing needs. It had to be multi-platform. It had to be able to generate and store complex passwords. I had to have good faith in that platform’s underlying security. After much deliberation, I decided on LastPass. Simply put, it checks all of the above boxes well enough and I’m pretty happy with it. In my research, I did consider a recent incident with LastPass user data potentially being compromised, but oddly enough it was how they handled that incident that strengthened my decision: they were transparent. They shared exactly what was going on, what sort of information was compromised, and outlined ways they would make sure that sort of breach couldn’t happen again (and if it could, the damage would be minimal).  With my new weapon, I logged into every single site that I had an account for (over 80, not counting duplicates) and generated new strong 12-character passwords for them. Every. Single. One. LastPass has a feature that attempts to make this automatic, fast, and easy, but it doesn’t support every site, and even for the top sites it purports to support, the feature failed. (LastPass doesn’t promise that it’ll work for everyone.) No worries — I had all day to sit there and get it done, and so I did. So, what’s next? Setting up 2-Step Authentication If you’ve been paying attention this far, you know that the 2-step authentication I have enabled on my Google account perhaps saved me from a world of hurt. If you’re not sure what 2SA is, I have a couple of steps that you need to take right now: Read up on 2SA and why it’s a very important element of any sort of authentication security right here. Sign into any account you have that supports 2SA and get it enabled as soon as possible. But if you’re short on time, here’s a quick explanation courtesy of Google: Most people only have one layer – their password – to protect their account. With 2-Step Verification, if a bad guy hacks through your password layer, he’ll still need your phone or Security Key to get into your account. In my case, when I woke up the morning that I found my virtual doors wide open, I found a 6-digit code from Google sitting in my messages. Whoever had my password was able to sign in, but they weren’t actually granted access unless they had that specific code to input at the time that Google asked for it. Thus, they were simply locked out. Had I not set 2SA up, my Google account was all theirs for the taking, and I might be looking into identification theft services on top of all this. Anyway, the point is that 2-step authentication is very much worth setting up. Some will argue that it’s still not the most secure method of multi-factor authentication out there, but it’s the most easily accessible and most easily enforced for everyday folks like you and I. So, after getting all my passwords squared away, I sought out to ensure 2SA was enabled on all accounts that I could enable it on. I had most of the important sites squared away in that regard (which is probably why I was so careless about the importance of good password practice in the first place), leaving me with only a few stops to hit. Pro Tip: Any time you can make an account, check to see if you can enable 2SA — it could be a life saver one day as it was for me. Put sites on a need-to-know basis In the military or any sensitive enterprise environment, one phrase pops up very often: you’re on a need to know basis. If you don’t need the information to do your job, then your company has no need to give it to you (as the risks of you leaking that information far outweigh its purpose for you and convenience for them). So why not treat your online accounts that way? Does that gaming forum really need to know your address? Do you really need an impersonal birthday wish from Evernote every year? Has it been 3 years since you’ve shopped at CVS online? If the first 2 answers were no and that last one is yes, it’s probably a good idea to remove your information. And that’s what I did. While I was changing those passwords, I reviewed my account information to see if there was anything on my profiles that I didn’t want or need there. I didn’t quite go to the extremes of removing birthdays or my full name (that’s all over Google by now anyway), but addresses and credit cards were definitely scrubbed clean from sites which I know don’t need them anymore. From now on, i’m also going to be adamant in making sure I’m not over generous in giving that stuff when signing up for new sites. Done, and on to the next thing. Reciting my Vows No, I’m not getting married, although all of this seems nearly as daunting as the preparation to do so. I’m vowing to commit to maintaining all of this, with two specific requirements: On sensitive accounts, change the password and check details a maximum of once every 30 days. On non-sensitive accounts, change the password and check details a maximum of once every 90 days And to make sure I stay on top of it, I’ll have annoying Google Calendar reminders making my phone scream at me when the time comes. If it’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s that security is an ongoing concern for, well, everyone. Even if you use the most ridiculously complex password the first time, that doesn’t mean you don’t need to change it, or use unique passwords, or go to extra measures to ensure your information is safe even if the credentials somehow fall into the wrong hands. It’s time to start my new life. What do you do? You might think I’m going a bit too far and being overdramatic. Or perhaps you’re already just as heady as me, if not more so. All in all, it took me a very significant chunk of a weekend (and then some) to accomplish all of this, but that’ll prove to be nothing compared to the time it would take me to get my life back in order if someone got their hands on my sensitive information. But I’m curious — what’s your regiment? What steps do you take to make sure your accounts are secure and your passwords aren’t falling into the wrong hands? Is there something more (or more efficient) I could be doing? Let’s talk about it in the comments section straight ahead! local_offer    Google   hacks   security   Twitter   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (44) stars Further Reading Verizon offering Pixel for $10 a month DEAL: Google is dropping $30 off of Googel Home Google WiFi may be the best router Google updates the YouTube app with a new icon and more Google Shops are launching in Canada and the UK stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertPokémon GO makes big changes CP levels closePokémon GO is making big changes to the CP levels of your favorite Pokémon Pokemon GO is bring big changes to the balancing of the game by tweaking the CP levels of some of your favorite Pokemon (for better or worse). 2 more_vertHTC may exit the mobile smartphone market closeHTC may be looking to get out of the smartphone business A new rumor suggests that HTC may be planning to sell off its mobile division due to suffering too many losses. 3 more_vertDitto is now live in Pokémon GO, here's how to catch him closeDitto is officially live in Pokémon GO, here’s how to catch him Today, Niantic has officially released Ditto into the augmented wilds of Pokemon GO. If you’re curious on how you can find him, details are provided in the post. 4 more_vertAirDroid is updated to version 4.0 closeAirDroid is updated to version 4.0 and receives a complete overhaul The AirDroid mobile application has been updated to version 4.0 and includes a complete overhaul of the interface, and adds some new features. 5 more_vertGoogle accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones closeUnauthorized Pixel resellers denied access to their Google accounts Nearly 200 Google accounts have been suspended due to unauthorized reselling of Google’s Pixel phones. 6 more_vertBest Apps/Games Nov 18 closeTop 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (November 18, 2016) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 7 more_vertLG may be removing a key feature from the LG V30 closeLG may be removing the best feature from its next “V” product lineup According to Evan Blass, LG will be removing the secondary display from the LG V30. This is according to early renders that were received and show the removal of the display. 8 more_vertSamsung adds Microsoft languages to Tizen closeApps for Samsung devices are about to get a lot better Samsung is inviting a new breed of developers into the Tizen family with a big announcement today. 9 more_vertFirst Huawei P10 specs and shots surface closeFirst Huawei P10 specs and shots surface Here we are: the Huawei P10, or a prototypical version of it, anyway. We’re not so far removed from the this year’s interesting P9 model that we were starved for details on the company’s next flagship, but it’s nice to get an early look regardless. 10 more_vertOnePlus 3T charging proves solid closeOnePlus 3T vs Pixel XL Charge Test: who can get to the finish line first? With the OnePlus 3T, OnePlus thought it was a good time to remind people just how good their Dash Charge technology is. That’s why they took one of the current kings of battery life — the Pixel XL — and put their own OnePlus 3T head-to-head against it. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate LeEco Le Pro3 Review: Great hardware doesn’t fix a subpar software experience [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Huawei Mate 9 Review: The first non-Nexus Huawei phone that’s great across the board Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] August 15 GOOG: 782.44 -0.78 Google continues to push its Photos service with new ad for automatic backup [Video] Ben Lovejoy - 3 months ago @benlovejoy Apps & Updates google+ photos View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google seems to be on a major push to increase take-up of its Google Photos service. A little over a week ago, it ran a video ad focused on how useful it is to be able to recover space on your phone by removing photos already stored on Google. It’s now running a new ad on the value of automatic backups. The ad shows someone jumping into a pool, and realizing while he’s in mid-air that his phone is still in the pocket of his shorts. The voiceover says that, sure, you can get a new phone, but what about the photos on the soaked one? ‘What will you do?’ the narrator asks … ? Nothing. Because every pic and video you’ve ever taken in your entire life was backed-up, for free, with Google Photos. The Google Photos app can be set to automatically backup all your photos and videos, and the service offers unlimited storage of photos of up to 16MP and videos at 1080p HD. Keep your photos safe with the free Google Photos app: iPhone: http://goo.gl/m5vj7r Android: http://goo.gl/55OnIr . Guides google+ photos View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Google’s Newest OS is Designed to Capture a $19 Trillion Opportunity August 15, 2016 9:23am Nasdaq:GOOGL ShareTweet Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is working on a brand new operating system that has nothing to do with Android or Chrome OS — so what is it for? The operating system, dubbed “Fuchsia,” is a departure from other OS’s Google has created to date, in the sense that it isn’t based on Linux. Linux is a decades-old system that’s been used in computers for many years, but isn’t ideal for every situation. From Android Police: Especially in the case of embedded devices like car dashboards or GPS units, full-blown desktop kernels like Linux impact performance and cause other issues. There’s a massive ecosystem of operating systems designed for embedded hardware, and Google may be working on their own. Enter “Fuchsia.” Google’s own description for it on the project’s GitHub page is simply, “Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)”. Not very revealing, is it? When you begin to dig deeper into Fuchsia’s documentation, everything starts to make a little more sense. Looking under the hood of the not-so-secret project reveals Fuschia is designed to replace commercial operating systems that run on embedded devices — which are usually small computers designed for a specific purpose, like running your washing machine or HVAC system. These systems are part of The Internet of Things (IoT), a concept describing a rapidly evolving future where nearly every household or business device is connected to the internet. Cisco has called the IoT a $19 trillion opportunity for hardware markers, software companies, and device manufacturers. Google wants in on that massive market badly, and this looks to be one of its biggest steps yet. Google is already involved in the IoT in a handful of other ventures. Back in 2014, it bought connected thermostat maker Nest Labs for $3.2 billion, which then bought internet video surveillance company Dropcam. The company also offers a cloud platform for developers to integrate IoT devices. The company has been known to experiment with many things over the years, so time will tell if Fuschia evolves into a big hit, a flop, or something else entirely. Even replacing Android or Chrome OS (or both) with the new operating system isn’t out of the question. For now, Google isn’t talking, but it promises some documentation for the open-source project soon. Alphabet shares rose +1.26 (+0.16%) in premarket trading Monday to $808.31. GOOGL has gained 3.73% year-to-date, versus a return by the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same time period. Tags: Equity NASDAQ:GOOGL technology Categories: Nasdaq:GOOGL Read Next Another Key High-Ranking Google Executive Just Quit Wells Fargo’s $1 Trillion Opportunity to Become an ETF Issuer Google May One Day Become the Biggest Internet Provider in the U.S. Google is Taking on Big Pharma with This New Partnership Barron’s Says to Buy Amazon, Alphabet, and Facebook Now Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Tesla Stock Is Trading At Critical Levels Hulbert: Stock Valuations Are Getting Dangerously High Dow Set For New All-Time Highs As Trump Honeymoon Continues Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Share 5 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA Entertainment 2016-11-22 Shannen Doherty Confirms ‘Heathers’ TV Land Role, Will Winona Ryder Join In? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Opinion 2016-11-23 Fifth Harmony Follows In The Dixie Chicks’ Footsteps By Mixing Success And Politics [Opinion] News 2016-11-23 Two Airlines Hit With Pilot Strike: Lufthansa Cancels Almost 900 Flights While DHL And Amazon Shipments Could Be Delayed Over Black Friday Weekend Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Big Upcoming Creative Plans For Sasha Banks & Dana Brooke Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Reason Why WWE Announced Goldberg For The ‘WWE Royal Rumble’ So Early Revealed Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Rockefeller Center Tree 2016: A Tannenbaum Tradition Lights Up Manhattan’s Holiday Spirit SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Don’t Worry, Google Fiber Is Here To Stay Technology 5 0 0 August 14, 2016 Don’t Worry, Google Fiber Is Here To Stay Nichole Tucker Google Fiber is costing Google Inc. more money than the company initially thought. Now, rumors are spreading that Google Inc.’s magnificent plan to transform the internet experience for all Americans will never come to life. What the rumors fail to inform on is that Google Fiber is already real. People have assumed that Google Fiber is just a concept, mostly because Google Fiber is not fully available to the masses. However, residents of chosen cities, like Atlanta, Austin, Charlotte, Nashville, Provo, and Kansas City, are currently enjoying Google’s new high-speed wireless internet free of charge. As for the rest of the country, folks want to know, what’s stalling Google Fiber? Google’s co-effort with Alphabet Inc. to bring wireless internet of a particularly higher speed than most services began a few months ago with their initial rollout. But according to the Wall Street Journal, the launch of Google Fiber involved wiring entire cities with fiber-optic cables, which was very costly. Based on a recent statement by Palo Alto, California’s Chief Technology Officer, Jonathan Reichental, both Google and Alphabet Inc. were in over their heads with Google Fiber. “If you’re in the telecommunications industry for 150 years, there are no surprises here. But if you’re a software company getting into the business for the first time, this is a completely new world.” [Photo by Orlin Wagner/AP Images] Google Fiber is a new form of technology for Google Inc. and Alphabet Inc., which is why the rollout of the new service has been such a hassle. But according to a recent statement by Alphabet Inc., the setbacks are minor and won’t stop the company from bringing Google Fiber to many more cities. “We’re continuing to work with city leaders to explore the possibility of bringing Google Fiber to many cities. This means deploying the latest technologies in alignment with our product road map, while understanding local considerations and challenges, which takes time.” So, speculation that Google Fiber will cease to exist couldn’t be more wrong. Google and Alphabet Inc. will not only continue service in the cities that already have it, they will improve the service as they continue to test its strength and reliability. More importantly, technology experts believe that Google Fiber will be one of the most successful internet providers yet, not only because it’s said to be 30 times faster, but because it’s basically a welfare benefit for people of all income levels. It’s Public Internet for the Government And Civilians The benefit of Google Fiber over other internet providers is that city residents do not handle the cost of internet service at all. Google Fiber is a service for which city governments must apply and then chose how to distribute to the residents. So far, in places like Kansas City, Google Fiber is one hundred percent free to residents. Google Fiber for the Cities Recently, experts have expressed their excitement for the idea of public internet service, like Google Fiber, which can not only make the web accessible to all city residents but also make work for public employees easier and more efficient. Derick Lee, CEO of PilotCity recently explained some of the benefits that come along with installing Google Fiber in cities across America. “If cities were to step back from their conventional fiber-centric way of thinking, they could build infrastructure with a fraction of the cost of traditional fiber and still deliver gigabit service citywide.” [Photo by Paul Sakuma/AP Images]Google Fiber for City Service Workers Other experts have weighed in on the benefits of using Google Fiber public internet for more expedient healthcare services. To back up this theory, Jory Wolf, Chief Information Officer of Santa Monica, California, used the example of emergency services. “We could use wireless to transport data from the ambulance. Patients when they arrive, would get through the ER faster or actually go directly to their ultimate hospital treatment area.” Being public is one great factor that leads to other benefits that some people, perhaps even Google and Alphabet Inc., never even expected. Google Fiber Could Fix Some Socioeconomic Setbacks There are still many people in the United States who do not have access to the internet because they either can’t afford it or they live in remote areas. However, due to the innovative Google Fiber product, the internet can be accessed in remote areas with no trouble. Also, the free cost solves the issue for low-income individuals. This is why Alphabet Inc. states that they will continue to progress in the rollout of Google Fiber, recently named America’s best internet provider. “We continue to see Fiber as a huge market opportunity. We’re being thoughtful and deliberate in our execution path.” [Photo by Nicolas McComber/iStock] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Free Data Offer Prompts Vodafone Upgrades To 4G Devices Share 5 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Nichole Tucker Tags: Alphabet Inc., public internet, Google Inc, google internet Comments LATEST HEADLINES Chris Brown & Rihanna Urged To Start Dating Again Amid Reconciliation Reports The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Kanye West’s Stepmom Tells All: How His Childhood Affected The ‘Egomaniac’ Chris Brown And Krista Santiago Dating? ‘Famous’ Singer Unveils New Art Project With Rumored Girlfriend On Instagram When Will The Electoral College Meet To Vote In 2016? Trump Set To Win ‘Real’ Election After Popular Vote Drubbing ‘Love And Hip Hop New York’ Spoilers: Cardi B No Longer Stripping, The Diplomats Still Beefing? How To Cook A Turkey: A Step-By-Step Guide For The Thanksgiving Beginner Including Full Cooking Times And Safety Tips Black Friday Freebies And Deals 2016: Where To Get Freebies On Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday Including JCPenney, CVS And More Tommy Hilfiger: Designers ‘Should Be Proud’ To Dress Melania Trump And Shouldn’t Get ‘Political About It’ Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.3k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.6k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.5k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips 13 0 0 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder 2 0 0 Minho, K-Pop Idol Of SHINee, Reveals He Learned To Smoke For K-Movie ‘Derailed’ But Was Able To Successfully Quit After Production 0 0 0 Selena Gomez And Taylor Swift: Are They Still Friends? 3 0 0 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? 1 0 0 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers 11 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Fiber To Go Wireless? Underground Fiber Optic Cables Proving Too Expensive And Time-Consuming 15 August 2016, 7:48 am EDT By Aaron Mamiit Tech Times Internet In A MinuteNow Playing The cost and time associated with installing underground fiber optic cables for Google Fiber have been slowing down the business. The service is now investigating wireless solutions to the problem.  ( Michael Smith | Getty Images ) Advertisement The Google Fiber unit of Alphabet could be looking at going wireless, as the cost and time associated with installing underground fiber optic cables for the high-speed broadband internet service is slowing down the business. Google Fiber could be looking at a significant change of direction, as it steps back to rethink its rollout plans in several metropolitan areas such as Chicago, Dallas and Los Angeles. Projects in San Jose, California and Portland, Oregon have been suspended. According to sources familiar with the plans of the company, the initial rollouts of Google Fiber turned out to be more expensive and time-consuming than expected. The unit is now investigating alternative technologies to build out its high-speed broadband internet service. One of the sources said that, for most cases, Google Fiber is looking to use wireless technology to connect homes to the service as opposed to underground fiber optic cables. In other cases, Google would be looking to lease existing fiber networks or ask the cities or power companies to build out the networks themselves. Google Fiber, which looks to provide customers with up to 100 times the speed of typical broadband internet connections, is running into trouble with the so-called last mile, which is where the network is brought directly into the homes and buildings of the service's clients. Getting through this last mile usually involves tearing up the streets and digging up nearby sidewalks, which is a huge burden in the construction of the network. As such, the exploration on looking for a wireless solution to go over the last mile has started. Google Fiber has only reached six metropolitan areas after four years, which illustrates the expense and difficulty of building out fiber optic networks requiring cables stretching thousands of miles. Google Fiber has started construction in five metropolitan areas and has announced plans to expand into another dozen cities within the next few years, and these dozen cities will likely be the testing grounds for the service's usage of wireless technology. Google Fiber's acquisition of Webpass could have been considered a prelude to the push into wireless by the service. Webpass beams internet connections from a fiber-connected antenna to other antennas that are mounted on buildings, which is something that Google Fiber could be looking to do in the future. Google will likely be building out fiber optic cable networks to a neighborhood and then use wireless technology such as the one developed by Webpass for the distribution of the service to customers. TAG Google, Google Fiber, Fiber optic, Broadband Internet © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Fiber Unveils New Data Plans Geared Toward Small Businesses Google Fiber Acquires High-Speed ISP Webpass: Why This Is A Good Move Google Now Working With Dallas Officials To Bring High-Speed Fiber Internet Service Into The City Google Fiber TV Boxes To Turn Into Chromecasts: Here's The Deal Google Fiber Plans To Beam Wireless Broadband Internet Directly Into Homes From Our Sponsor Where Can You Get The Best Smartphone Deals And Tablet Deals This Fall At Unbeatable Prices? With the holiday season drawing near, if you're one of the early tech shoppers who's on the lookout to snag a good deal on smartphone, tablet or any gadget, check out GearBest. SPONSORED BY GearBest Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
naturewn.com Facebook twitter google rss Home News Animals Biology Environment Health & Medicine Tech Travel Space Video Sections X News Animals Biology Environment Health & Medicine Tech Travel Space Video Trending Topics NASA climate change Donald Trump Mars global warming Google Aims to Expand Its High Speed Wireless-Fiber Connection By John Raphael Aug 15, 2016 04:02 AM EDT A patent from tech giant Google was recently made available to the public. The company's innovation is poised to revolutionize human function -- specifically humanity's sense of sight. According to the patent that was filed last April, Google is in the process of developing liquid contact lenses that are designed to be injected directly into a lens capsule of the eye. (Photo : Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Google has recently filed a request to the United States Federal Communications Commission for confidential treatment and complementary exhibits of their application for an Experimental Radio Service License. Advertisement According to the US FCC filing, Google is asking for authorization to conduct testing in up to 24 U.S. areas, including six regions in California, Boulder, Colorado, Kansas City, Kansas, Omaha, Nebraska, Raleigh, North Carolina, Provo, Utah, and Reston, Virginia. The experimental transmitter of Google would operate from 3400 to 3800 MHz frequency range covering multiple allocated bands and variety of incumbent services. Due to the high frequency range of their experimental transmitters, Google will deploy and operate its equipment in a manner that will avoid interference to other authorized users. "We are working to test the viability of a wireless network that relies on newly available spectrum," a spokesperson from Google told Business Insider. "The project is in early stages today, but we hope this technology can one day help deliver more abundant Internet access to consumers." The decision of the tech company to shy away from their initial Google Fiber cables and turn to wireless technology in connecting homes to the internet was made after their initial roll outs were more expensive and time-consuming than what they expected. With Google Fiber, the company has spent hundreds of millions of dollars digging up streets and laying fiber-optic cables. Advertisement "We're continuing to work with city leaders to explore the possibility of bringing Google Fiber to many cities," read in a statement from Google reported at Wall Street Journal. "This means deploying the latest technologies in alignment with our product road map, while understanding local considerations and challenges, which takes time." Two months ago, Google has bought the point-to-point wireless internet firm Webpass for an undisclosed sum. With the acquisition of Webpass, Google can expand their services into dense, urban areas with apartment buildings with multiple units. TagsWireless Internet, internet, Google Fiber, Alphabet Inc. © 2016 NatureWorldNews.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Smartphone Fertility Apps Not Effective in Planning and Preventing Pregnancy, New Study Shows Google Launches Science Journal App, You Can Now Conduct Experiments on Your Smartphone Study: How Social Media Promotes Eating Disorder in Young Adults Going Green: 5 Tech Giants and Their Environmental Impact Canadian Teen Discovers Hidden Mayan City with the Help of Google Earth Join the Conversation Surprise! Dozens of Mummified Baby Crocodiles Discovered Inside Ancient Egyptian Mummy Humpback Whale Stranded in Moriches Bay Could Be Euthanized, Officials Say Cat Got Your Tongue: The Feline Tongue's Unique Shape and Flexibility Marine Microalgae: Food and Fuel of the Future Adorable Miniature Pigs and Sheep Help Out in New Zealand Winery Natural Sunlight Could Increase the Toxicity of Oil Spills to Wildlife Duck Duck Choose: Ducklings Have 2 Separate Memory Banks of Visual Information space LOOK: Giant Fireball Streaks Accross Florida, Sparks Fear of Alien Invasion Our First Encounter With Aliens May Happen Soon -- Here's Why How Does 'Impossible' Fuel-Free Space Engine EmDrive Works? NASA Demonstrates Elon Musk's SpaceX Gets Contract for NASA’s Surface Water and Ocean Topography Mission science Microsoft Officially Makes First Humanly Accurate Speech Recognition Tech Impostor Phenomenon: How the Feeling of Being a Fake in the Workplace Can Ruin Your Career LED Could Be Used to Purify Water in Remote Areas Internet Searches May Be Used for Heat Wave Warning Surveillance, Study Shows tech Samsung to Recycle Millions of Recalled Note 7 Units? Canada to Phase Out Coal Power Plants by 2030 Iron Men Approaching: Company to Release Workplace Modular Exoskeletons by 2018 Alert! Governments May Be Using Social Media to 'Influence' People for Warfare Mail Facebook twitter rss google arrow Email Newsletter You have already subscribed. Thank you. EDITOR'S Choices News Aerial Photos Capture Uncontacted Amazon Tribe That's Thriving Amid Threats From Gold Miners News World's First Human Head Transplant Patient Uses Virtual Reality to Prepare for His Operation News LOOK: The Great Barrier Reef and Its Annual Mating Festival News Thanksgiving 2016: Archaeologists Unearth Evidence of Turkey Domestication in Mexico 1500 Years Ago Most Popular 1 Real or Fake: Fleet of UFOs Leaving the Moon Caught on Video 2 Tesla Solar Roof Will Be Cheaper than Normal Roof, Elon Musk Says 3 WATCH: NASA Cuts Live Feed on ISS as UFO Appears on Video, Alien Hunter Claims 4 'Meteorite' Spotted Moments After Japan Earthquake 5 Trump to Cut NASA's Climate Change Budget, Shift Focus to the Moon Home News Animals Biology Environment Health & Medicine Tech Travel Space Video © Copyright 2016 NATURE WORLD NEWS All rights reserved. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms&Conditions
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Just When You Thought It Was Too Late to Get In … It Isn't DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Alphabet (GOOGL) Stock Up, Google Fiber Rethinks Wired Connections Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL) is dialing back its wired connections in favor of wireless technology. Annie Palmer Aug 15, 2016 9:04 AM EDT NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Shares of Alphabet  (GOOGL)  were up in pre-market trading on Monday as the Google parent company plans to reconsider installing wired connections of its Google Fiber service and is instead exploring wireless technology.  Initial launches of the Internet provider service ended up being more expensive and time consuming than anticipated, the Wall Street Journal reports. The company spent hundreds of millions of dollars digging up streets and laying fiber-optic cables in several cities to provide web connections approximately 30 times faster than the nation's average.  Alphabet now plans to switch to wireless technology, bringing the service to about a dozen areas, including Los Angeles, Chicago and Dallas. Due to the switch, the company has suspended projects in San Jose, CA and Portland, OR.  At the same time, the company is trying to slash costs and accelerate expansion by leasing existing fiber and asking cities or power companies to build the networks, instead of constructing its own, the Journal added. More than 1,200 cities applied to roll out Google Fiber service just two years after its launch in 2010. Google Fiber has reached six metro areas so far. Additionally, Alphabet's "Other Bets" unit, which comprises the company's non-search ventures, reported revenues of $185 million in the latest quarter, driven primarily by Google Fiber. Fiber also accounted for most of the unit's quarterly capital expenditures of $280 million, according to the Journal. Alphabet is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells GOOGL? Learn more now. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Enterprise Tech Firms Are Desperate to Buy Their Way to Growth Weak sales growth, large cash balances and still-favorable credit markets have enterprise giants willing to open up their checkbooks. An offshore cash tax deal could provide a fresh incentive. Eric Jhonsa Nov 22, 2016 5:26 PM EST Newest Driverless-Vehicle Test Center Set to Be Built Near Detroit The American Center for Mobility, sponsored by Michigan, is designed to keep industry leadership in the state. Doron Levin Nov 22, 2016 1:45 PM EST Why Macom's AppliedMicro Circuits Deal Could Benefit Intel While ARM-based server processors have been seen as a big threat to Intel, they've made limited headway. Macom's deal to buy AppliedMicro shines a light on this. Eric Jhonsa Nov 22, 2016 10:41 AM EST Trump Meeting with New York Times is Back On after Early-Morning Twitter Tirade Donald Trump continued his Twitter tirade against the New York Times early Tuesday morning, announcing his decision to cancel a meeting with the publication scheduled for later in the day. Emily Stewart Nov 22, 2016 10:28 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown Dow Sets Record as Wall Street Awaits Fed Minutes Warren Buffett's Top 10 Dividend-Paying Stocks for 2016 Boeing, GM, 2 Other High-Yield Stocks Want to Pay You More Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
More than just technology news Home Tech Reviews Science Games Culture Video Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Updated Hot Tags Pokemon Go Pokemon Sun And Moon Apple Pokemon Sun And Moon news Pokemon Go Update Google Fiber Broadband Internet Proves More Expensive Than Anticipated Victor Thomson First Posted: Aug 15, 2016 03:20 AM EDT Michelle Rogers uses free Google WiFi while sitting outside of a cafe August 16, 2006 in Mountain View, California. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) After initial rollouts proved more time-consuming and expensive than anticipated, Google parent Alphabet Inc. is rethinking its Google Fiber high-speed internet business. Google Fiber As A Business Model According to The Wall Street Journal, the Google Fiber division was created six years ago and it has already spent hundreds and millions of dollars in trying to offer high-speed internet to big American cities across the nation. Google Fiber aims to provide fiber-to-the-premises service in the U.S., including cable television and broadband internet. Google Fiber was proposed initially as just an experimental project. However, at the end of the year 2012, Google announced it as a viable business model. The Kansas City metropolitan area was the first to benefit from Google Fiber's service. Expansions to Austin, Texas and Provo, Utah, have been announced in April 2013. In the years 2014 and 2015, Google Fiber announced subsequent expansions to Nashville, Raleigh-Durham, Atlanta, Charlotte, San Antonio and Salt Lake City. Google Fiber Wireless Internet Despite the fact that expenses were higher than anticipated, Google Fiber still aims to provide high-speed internet to the masses. According to The Christian Science Monitor, today the fastest internet connections are those working on wire lines. However, Google Fiber is working on designing technologies that will change that. According to Google Fiber's official website. the company aims to offer Internet speeds up to 100 times faster than a typical broadband connection, but the installation of the underground cables is both time-consuming and expensive. Faced with this challenge, Google's engineers are attempting to transcend the physical barriers by testing out wireless Internet.  In an August 5 filing with the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Alphabet Inc., Google's parent company, announced its plans to test cheap wireless high-speed internet in 24 American metropolitan areas. According to Time, it seems that Google Fiber intends to extend its ultra-fast internet service to new customers and challenge its competitors to match its low prices and high speeds.   Related Articles Google Fiber Introduces New Plans For SMEs Google Fiber Acquires High-Speed Internet Provider Webpass Google Plans To Beam Broadband Wireless Internet Into Homes Tagsgoogle, Google Fiber, Google Fiber broadband internet, Google Fiber broadband internet expensive, Alphabet Inc, Google parent Alphabet Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 iTech Post All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Latest News TECH Nintendo Switch And NES Alternatives You Probably Didn’t Know Existed Black Friday Deals 2016: Get The Honor 8 For Only $299 WhatsApp Update: Video Streaming Being Tested In WhatsApp Beta for Android Subaru News And Updates: 2017 Impreza Expects Successful Future SCIENCE Microbe Important In Ocean Ecosystem Viewed For The First Time New Family Of Stars Discovered Could Hold Answers To How Milky Way Was Formed Alarming News: Dead Sea Is Dying Out, Receives Rescue By Swimmers And Organizations Dementia Rates In The U.S. Are Falling, Study Confirms Games Pokemon Sun And Moon Tips, Tricks: How To Hatch Eggs Faster First Free Titanfall 2 DLC Drops Next Week With New Maps, Titan Kits, Pistols, In-Game Store And More Get Watch Dogs 2 PC For Free When You Buy An NVIDIA GTX 10-Series; Details Here Black Friday 2016: PlayStation Store Deals Are Now Live; Score The Newest Titles At 50% Off Culture ‘Once Upon A Time’ Season 6 Episode 10 News, Spoilers: Midseason Finale Features A Weapon Against Evil Queen; Lana Parrilla To Exit? 'Dance Moms' Season 6 Finale Part 2 Recap: Abby Deals With More Drama; Junior Elite Team Ditches ALDC For Good 'Dragon Ball Super' Chapter 18 News, Spoilers: Manga Omits Some Anime Scenes; Goku Never Fought Zamasu, God Power Ratings Revealed 'First Kiss For The Seventh Time' Drops Teaser And Poster; Ji Chang Wook Says He Wanted Lee Joon Gi's Role Must Read Best Black Friday Deals: Battlefield 1 Xbox One, PS4, PC Offers At Amazon, Best Buy, Microsoft, DLGamer, Target Honda News And Update: 2017 CR-V Gears For The Best Seller Stature Nintendo Switch May Welcome New 'Pokemon Stars' Game; Latest Updates On Features, Release Date And More Unveiled IT Fun How A Short Video Can Crash Your iPhone? Best Budget Phones Of 2016 Under $200: OnePlus X, Xiaomi Redmi Note 3, Motorola Moto G4 Why HTC 10 Evo Is Among The Best Smartphones Of 2016? A New-look For Samsung Galaxy S7 Is Coming Your Way How Are Things Going For The DJI Mavic Pro? Update, Shipments And Statements Want A Free iPhone 7? T-Mobile Will Make It Possible MOST POPULAR Pokemon Sun And Moon Guide: How To Get Salamence Very Early Black Friday 2016: NES Classic To Become Available? Where You Can Find It Cheryl Cole Pregnancy Updates: Pop Star Royalty And Liam Payne Were Finally Caught Red-Handed 'The Legend Of The Blue Sea' Episode 3 Spoilers And Predictions: Shim Chung Goes To Seoul; Joon Jae Loses His Memories? 'Rick & Morty' Season 3 Update: Closer Look At Vin Diesel Casting, Hawaii Adventure And Mr. Meeseeks' Comeback Clash Of Clans Latest News: How December Update Will Put Down Pokemon Go? 'Legend Of The Blue Sea' Episode 3 Spoilers: Did Jun Ji Hyun Fall For Lee Min Ho’s Character? Pokemon Sun And Moon Guide: How To Catch Tapu Koko? Pokemon Sun And Moon Update: One Famous Pokemon Downgraded 'The Legend Of The Blue Sea' Episode 1 Recap: Joon Jae Comes Back To Pick Up Shim Chung After Leaving Her © 2016 iTech Post All rights reserved. All Rights Reserved. Tech Apple Samsung Mobile Science Social Network Space Games Environment Culture Categories About us Contact us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us Facebook Twitter RSS
 Get Builder News in your Inbox Every Day! Click Here Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Login or Register Search Go Design Kitchens Baths Project Gallery Projects Plans Details Awards Consumer Trends Technology Interior Finish Money Mortgage & Finance Capital Banks Input costs M&A Prices Profits Economics Affordability Building Safety & Healthfulness Structure & Durability Building Enclosure Mechanicals Building Science Operations Code Regulation & Policy Trades & Subcontractors Land Local Leaders List Local Markets Local Housing Data Planning Development Builder 100 Builder 100 List Firms Directory Strategy Leadership People Marketing & Sales IT Technology Products Manufacturers Directory Videos Resources Library Builder Resources Learning Exchanges Education Newsletters Big Builder Videos House Plans Jobs Newsletter Signup Local Housing Data Subscribe Technology Posted on: August 15, 2016 FastCo News Google Fiber Files For Tests In 24 Locations According to an FCC filing uncovered by Slash Gear, Google has asked for permission to test its new Google Fiber technology in 24 U.S. locations. Some areas on the list, such as Provo, Utah and Austin, Texas, already support the Google Fiber technology, and Google is accepting sign-ups for the service in these locations. Others, like Reston, Virginia, are entirely new prospects. The Wall Street Journal, however, reported Monday that Google's plan is hitting snags. Slash Gear’s JC Torres believes that Google is looking to test transmissions through the 3.4-3.8 GHz bands, which might potentially interfere with military radar systems. In addition, Google’s recent acquisition of the Webpass service provider gives the company access to Webpass’s current fiber Internet infrastructure. The tests’ commencement, which will be a closed process, will depend on FCC approval. Read more > Advertisement Keywords: Subject: Fiber Optics Technology Infrastructure Projects Design and Trends Organization: Google More from Builder TechCrunch Sleep Technology Startup Launches the Smart Mattress New Atlas Should Amazon Echo or Google Home be Your New Bestie? Popular Mechanics New Blazing-Fast Wireless Tech Could Mean Cordless VR WIRED VR Is Changing How Architects Design Buildings TechCrunch Introducing the VR Gimbal Panoramic Drone CNNMoney Forget Your Old Alarm System, This Drone Will Protect Your House Join the Discussion Please read our Content Guidelines before posting Trending on Builder The Death of Demographics? Builder's Dilemma How to Load a Front Loader Cold Weather Painting Sponsored Links Design Money Building Land Builder 100 Products Videos Resources Cupola by Vauni Kent State Center for Architecture and Environmental Design Eight Cozy Bedrooms for Fall and Winter Just a Closet? Think Again Prefab Cartridge-Built Home Honored for Design Excellence Dueling Ad Campaigns Reach Out to Millennial Renters A Look at the West's Tallest Residential Tower Reputation Management's Not-So-Hidden Value Luxury Condos Offer Bathrooms With a View for You—and Your Neighbors Roxborough and CRA Acquire 1,194 Las Vegas Units For Remodeling, It's Up, Up, Up Readers Respond: Election 2016 Looking for Clarity in an Uncertain Time Silica Rule Guidance Survey: Election 2016 New Housing Bubble? Here's How to Counsel Customers 2016 Digital Edition Delta Blues: Louisiana builders dig out in the wake of the flood. Subscribe BUILDER Online provides home builders with home building news, home plans, home design ideas, and building product information, helping them manage their home building operations efficiently and profitably. Builder Relevant Sites Big Builder Custom Home House Plans Dream Home Source ePlans EcoBuilding Pulse Tools of the Trade Journal of Light Construction Metrostudy New Homes About Advertise Contact Hanley Wood Magazine Private Policy Copyright © 2016 Hanley Wood Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Close X
More than just technology news Home Tech Reviews Science Games Culture Video Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Updated Hot Tags Pokemon Go Pokemon Sun And Moon Apple Pokemon Sun And Moon news Pokemon Go Update Google Fuschia To Run On Magenta Kernel Instead Of Linux JENALYN AGUILAR First Posted: Aug 15, 2016 05:46 AM EDT SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MAY 15: Attendees visit the Android booth during the Google I/O developers conference at the Moscone Center on May 15, 2013 in San Francisco, California. Thousands are expected to attend the 2013 Google I/O developers conference that runs through May 17. At the close of the markets today Google shares were at all-time record high at $916 a share, up 3.3 percent. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Fuschia, the brand new operating system of Goggle, is currently in the works with a promising Magenta Kernel. While rumors spread that this latest OS from Google might combine Android and Chrome OS into one, we dig deeper on Fuschia’s potential benefits and drawbacks. Google Source reveals the latest information and GitHub leaks it as "Pink+Purple=Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." The code repository does not discuss further details, though. The Fuchsia mission looks to be a promising OS but it's not going to replace Android anytime soon according to Android Central. Fuchsia is a new operating system developed by Travis Geiselbrecht (BeOS, iOS, and webOS) and Brian Swetland (Android, BeOS, and HiptopOS) as well as Google software engineer Petr Hosek. Linux has powered Google hardware like Chrome OS and Android for years. However, the Linux kernel is not ideal for embedded devices like GPS units in automobiles and car dashboards as the utilization of the said kernel might result in some issues. Similar to Linux, the Magenta kernel powers the larger Fuchsia operating system. Inquisitr reported that the Fuchsia OS has a kernel known as Magenta that has been designed to work on practically all compatible devices from a small embedded device to a desktop. Google Fuchsia also uses Google’s own Dart programming language and Flutter for the user interface to maintain Material design used by Android OS. Though Fuchsia is working well on Next Unit of Computing (NUC) personal computers using Intel’s platforms, its driver support is still a work in progress, which signals that hardware like keyboards and mice might not be supported just yet. Despite the overwhelming benefits Fuschia could offer, it is possible that this could just be another Google side project that may never hit reality, just like many others. This is another downside that we should anticipate. Related Articles Nintendo Switch And NES Alternatives You Probably Didn’t Know Existed Black Friday Deals 2016: Get The Honor 8 For Only $299 WhatsApp Update: Video Streaming Being Tested In WhatsApp Beta for Android TagsGoogle Fuschia, Google latest OS Fuschia, New Google Fuschia, Latest Google OS Fuschia, Google Fuschia has Magenta Kernel, Magenta Kernel Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 iTech Post All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Latest News TECH Nintendo Switch And NES Alternatives You Probably Didn’t Know Existed Black Friday Deals 2016: Get The Honor 8 For Only $299 WhatsApp Update: Video Streaming Being Tested In WhatsApp Beta for Android Subaru News And Updates: 2017 Impreza Expects Successful Future SCIENCE Microbe Important In Ocean Ecosystem Viewed For The First Time New Family Of Stars Discovered Could Hold Answers To How Milky Way Was Formed Alarming News: Dead Sea Is Dying Out, Receives Rescue By Swimmers And Organizations Dementia Rates In The U.S. Are Falling, Study Confirms Games Pokemon Sun And Moon Tips, Tricks: How To Hatch Eggs Faster First Free Titanfall 2 DLC Drops Next Week With New Maps, Titan Kits, Pistols, In-Game Store And More Get Watch Dogs 2 PC For Free When You Buy An NVIDIA GTX 10-Series; Details Here Black Friday 2016: PlayStation Store Deals Are Now Live; Score The Newest Titles At 50% Off Culture ‘Once Upon A Time’ Season 6 Episode 10 News, Spoilers: Midseason Finale Features A Weapon Against Evil Queen; Lana Parrilla To Exit? 'Dance Moms' Season 6 Finale Part 2 Recap: Abby Deals With More Drama; Junior Elite Team Ditches ALDC For Good 'Dragon Ball Super' Chapter 18 News, Spoilers: Manga Omits Some Anime Scenes; Goku Never Fought Zamasu, God Power Ratings Revealed 'First Kiss For The Seventh Time' Drops Teaser And Poster; Ji Chang Wook Says He Wanted Lee Joon Gi's Role Must Read Best Black Friday Deals: Battlefield 1 Xbox One, PS4, PC Offers At Amazon, Best Buy, Microsoft, DLGamer, Target Honda News And Update: 2017 CR-V Gears For The Best Seller Stature Nintendo Switch May Welcome New 'Pokemon Stars' Game; Latest Updates On Features, Release Date And More Unveiled IT Fun How A Short Video Can Crash Your iPhone? Best Budget Phones Of 2016 Under $200: OnePlus X, Xiaomi Redmi Note 3, Motorola Moto G4 Why HTC 10 Evo Is Among The Best Smartphones Of 2016? A New-look For Samsung Galaxy S7 Is Coming Your Way How Are Things Going For The DJI Mavic Pro? Update, Shipments And Statements Want A Free iPhone 7? T-Mobile Will Make It Possible MOST POPULAR Pokemon Sun And Moon Guide: How To Get Salamence Very Early Black Friday 2016: NES Classic To Become Available? Where You Can Find It Cheryl Cole Pregnancy Updates: Pop Star Royalty And Liam Payne Were Finally Caught Red-Handed 'The Legend Of The Blue Sea' Episode 3 Spoilers And Predictions: Shim Chung Goes To Seoul; Joon Jae Loses His Memories? 'Rick & Morty' Season 3 Update: Closer Look At Vin Diesel Casting, Hawaii Adventure And Mr. Meeseeks' Comeback Clash Of Clans Latest News: How December Update Will Put Down Pokemon Go? 'Legend Of The Blue Sea' Episode 3 Spoilers: Did Jun Ji Hyun Fall For Lee Min Ho’s Character? Pokemon Sun And Moon Guide: How To Catch Tapu Koko? Pokemon Sun And Moon Update: One Famous Pokemon Downgraded 'The Legend Of The Blue Sea' Episode 1 Recap: Joon Jae Comes Back To Pick Up Shim Chung After Leaving Her © 2016 iTech Post All rights reserved. All Rights Reserved. Tech Apple Samsung Mobile Science Social Network Space Games Environment Culture Categories About us Contact us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us Facebook Twitter RSS
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan BlackBerry's DTEK50 fails to raise the security bar By Zack Whittaker | August 15, 2016 -- 12:37 GMT (05:37 PDT) | Topic: Security Editors' rating 5.9 OK $299.99 Average user rating 5.5 Editors' review Specs Pros A well-built, sturdy, good-feeling smartphone Low price might appeal to smaller businesses Its baked-in security features are welcome, even if not bar-raising Cons No iterative software differences from the Priv Its "most secure" tagline is irresponsible and arguably inaccurate. Four years ago, I was one of the few die-hard BlackBerry owners left, as the company began to derail. Today, the company thinks Android can get it back on the tracks. Its debut Android smartphone was a flop, but it hopes that it can redeem itself with its reinvented BlackBerry DTEK50, which it bills as "the world's most secure Android smartphone" today. That largely unchecked and untested claim was enough to grab our attention, given that many still don't believe that "Android" and "security" in the same sentence can be anything more than a contradiction. After two weeks of scrutinizing those claims, here's what we learned. BlackBerry's DTEK50 is a passable smartphone that was in most cases able to match the security features of other similarly secure devices, like Apple's iPhone and Google's Nexus. But the DTEK50 was not able to outperform or raise the security bar in any meaningful way. In part because of that, we dispute the company's claim that this is "the world's most secure Android smartphone." Rapid security patching is good -- when it works Ask anyone in security, and keeping to a regular patching schedule is by far the most effective way of nixing most known security issues. That's why, in the wake of the "Stagefright" vulnerability last year, Google began to offer monthly security patches. Top ZDNET Reviews Dell Latitude 11 5000 7.9 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Amazon Echo 9.0 Google Pixel XL Phone 8.0 Google's own-branded Nexus devices would be given the patches first, and other companies would follow in the coming days and weeks -- though, some wouldn't keep to a schedule at all. BlackBerry promised that it will similarly provide same-day patches for security issues (which was described as "zero day" patching to some, a confusing echo of a common malware descriptor), once they are released by Google or its partners. SECURITY Need a secure smartphone? Answer is simple This is what the foremost security experts and privacy-minded people say. Read More BlackBerry said if it can fix issues that are disclosed outside of that schedule, it will. There's no real way to test this, but we struck lucky -- for want of a better term -- when we found that the DTEK50 was already vulnerable, straight off the manufacturing line, to one of four new security flaws, dubbed "Quadrooter" -- despite being up-to-date with Google's monthly patching schedule. Three of the flaws were already fixed and were rolled out as part of July's monthly batch of security patches. Qualcomm, which was charged with making a fix for the fourth, has released an emergency patch, but it won't be widely released until September. At the time of writing this review, BlackBerry hadn't patched the Quadrooter flaw, and a BlackBerry spokesperson didn't respond to repeated emails requesting to comment. (Update: After this security analysis was posted, BlackBerry confirmed it released a patch for unlocked phones, but those tied to a carrier will not receive the patch until carriers' give their approval.) By delivering patches faster and on a regular basis, Android's patch schedule is arguably better than Apple's, which is erratic and usually only released when bundled with other software improvements. But good patch management only works when it's put into practice. Hardware root-of-trust and secure boot: Welcome, but not new You might not know about the phone's hardware root of trust or the secure boot process, but it's a vital part of ensuring that your phone maintains its security integrity. Every process of the phone's switch-on procedure is cryptographically signed. In other words, if a hacker has tampered with anything in the boot process, the codes will not match up, and the process stops dead. For instance, if malware's found, the phone just won't boot, which prevents your data from being decrypted. Think of it as a dead man's switch (and BlackBerry documents this in detail in a deep-dive blog post). (Image: ZDNet/CBS Interactive) It's why Apple has included these features in its iPhone for many years, as do modern Samsung phones that come equipped with its Knox technology. Android comes with this feature baked in, but it'll become a strictly enforced feature when Android Nougat, the latest iteration of the operating system, is rolled out. When the DTEK50 gets the new software in the months after its launch, executives said, that'll make verifying the phone's boot process far stronger. In the meantime, it's a good start, but it doesn't nudge the security needle forward. Encryption as standard, but questions over Android "hardening" Encryption has become a controversial topic in the past year. Apple got it out of the gate first, largely because the company controls the hardware and software package. Android stumbled because of performance and fragmentation issues. Just as all modern iPhone and Android Marshmallow devices and later, the DTEK50 comes with full-disk encryption -- an increasingly commonplace smartphone feature. BlackBerry also touts its Android "hardening" effort, which it argues makes it tougher for attackers to extract data or take control of a device. One of those features includes "improved random number" generation, which we wrote about in more detail here. The short version is that, according to cryptographers who spoke to us about this, BlackBerry's hardening efforts "doesn't meaningfully change the security of the phone," because the company is trying to fix something that isn't broken. And because BlackBerry used a largely secret and proprietary method to try to improve the cryptography -- which can't be inspected or verified by security experts -- the phone may be secure, but until we know how and why, we can't (and shouldn't) fully trust the phone. DTEK's app will pacify and inform, but not block My biggest gripe with the phone's flagship app, which first debuted with the Priv, was that it didn't do anything -- and it still doesn't. In case you missed it, the phone is named after its flagship app, DTEK, a play on "detect." The app sits on your home screen, acting as a gateway health dashboard for your phone. It tells you how secure your device is, such as if a strong passcode has been set, and even when apps use your phone's features. If a malicious app triggers your camera or your microphone, it'll tell you -- but it won't block it. (Image: ZDNet/CBS Interactive) BlackBerry said that the app hasn't changed since it was first rolled out to the Priv, despite a promise from David Kleidermacher, chief security officer, who said the app would be "constantly" improved. We had some harsh words for the app the first time around -- all of which still stands today. "DTEK isn't much more than an information app in that it tells you when things are happening, unlike a privacy app which actively mitigates against data-slurping incursions [...] It doesn't prevent your data from being slurped up by the various apps you use, nor does it give you an option to do much about it -- except uninstall the apps." Now both the Priv and the DTEK50 are running Android Marshmallow, and both phones now come with iPhone-style app permissions by default, so you have greater granular control over your apps and what they can access. I'd put that down as a win for Android, over any worthwhile improvement on BlackBerry's part -- though it nevertheless puts the DTEK50 on a par with other devices that run Android Marshmallow, as well as the iPhone. Bottom line: Security, take two, but no lessons learned Android already has a bad rap when it comes to security and privacy. Anything to boost that impression could be a boon to business -- if done right. But BlackBerry hasn't learned any lessons from its first Android incarnation, and by its own admission hasn't improved the phone's security in any consequential way. Case in point: Alex Thurber, the company's global device sales chief, told us at a meeting that the Priv and the DTEK50 are "the two most secure smartphones," because the Priv is "as secure" as the DTEK50. The reality is that when you cut through the marketing fluff, you're still faced with an unremarkable phone, which, like any other product or service, takes one hole in the security facade to bring the entire thing down. Granted, the company didn't know about Quadrooter ahead of time. Its so-called privacy app doesn't block or mitigate, and only passively advises. We can welcome its hardware improvements, but it's not enough to nudge it past that already-high security bar to achieve status as "the world's most secure Android smartphone." Marketing and selling this phone as more secure than other phones that are equal or better in the security space is going to give people false hope, and that's dangerous for those who think this phone will defeat hackers and attackers at every hurdle. Security researchers will tell you that the most secure smartphones will be the least useful to most people. But in absence of perfection, many will choose an iPhone over anything else. Tried and tested, the iPhone was able to withstand government demands for customer data -- and, though not perfect, Apple's closed in-house duopoly of hardware and software makes it far tougher to crack than most other devices. So what's the most secure Android phone available now? Your best bet is a Nexus smartphone, which researchers believe are the least vulnerable to flaws and issues because of rapid vulnerability patching. Black Hat 2016 This tiny $6 gadget lets you break into hotel rooms Microsoft won't fix Windows flaw that lets hackers steal your username and password Encryption ransomware now 'tried and trusted' attacker business model Hackers hijack Jeeps once more, your brakes belong to them How hackers can make 'virtually any person' click on a dangerous link Flaw in Samsung Pay lets hackers' wirelessly skim credit cards 'Quadrooter' flaw puts 900 million Android devices at risk Update at 2:25pm ET: to add that after this security analysis went live, BlackBerry had patched the remaining Quadrooter flaw, a little over a week after it was first revealed. Specifications Cellular Technology WCDMA (UMTS) / GSM Type Smartphone Integrated Components audio player, front-facing camera, navigation, rear-facing camera, voice recorder Navigation BeiDou, GLONASS, GPS Band WCDMA (UMTS) / GSM 850/900/1800/1900 Mobile Broadband Generation 4G Phone Form Factor touch Service Provider not specified Operating System Family Android Operating System Android 6.0 Marshmallow SIM Card Type nano SIM Input Device Multi-touch , capacitive General SAR Value 0.83 W/kg (body) / 1.19 W/kg (head) Integrated Components Rear-facing camera, front-facing camera, audio player, voice recorder, navigation Phone Features Phone Functions Speakerphone, call timer, conference call, flight mode, vibrating alert Sensors Accelerometer, ambient light sensor, proximity sensor, magnetometer, gyro sensor, hall sensor Additional Features Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Miscellaneous Sensors accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyro sensor, hall sensor, magnetometer, proximity sensor Color Black Color Category black Messaging & Internet Messaging Services MMS, SMS Supported Social Networks and Blogs Yes Display Type Color Display Resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels Color Depth 24-bit (16.7 million colors) Pixel Density (ppi) 424 Diagonal Size 5.2 in Diagonal Size (metric) 13.2 cm Smartphone Diagonal Size 5.2 in Protection scratch resistant glass Color Support color Processor Clock Speed 1.5 GHz Type QUALCOMM Snapdragon 617 Manufacturer Qualcomm MSM8952 Snapdragon 617 Processor Core Qty Octa-core 64-bit Architecture Yes Communications Data Transmission EDGE, GPRS, FD-LTE, HSDPA, HSPA+, HSUPA, LTE, TD-LTE Data Transmission Operating Band LTE Band 1, LTE Band 2, LTE Band 20, LTE Band 28, LTE Band 3, LTE Band 38, LTE Band 40, LTE Band 41, LTE Band 7, LTE Band 8 Data Transmission Operating Frequency LTE 700/800/900/1800/1900/2100/2300/2500/2600 Wireless Interface Bluetooth 4.2, IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, NFC LTE Band LTE Band 1, LTE Band 3, LTE Band 7, LTE Band 20, LTE Band 2, LTE Band 8, LTE Band 38, LTE Band 40, LTE Band 41, LTE Band 28 Camera Digital Zoom 4 Focus Adjustment automatic Camera Light Source dual LED flash Features 6-element lens, Burst mode, Panorama, Phase Detect Auto-Focus (PDAF), face detection, picture stabilizer Media Player Supported Digital Video Standards MKV, VC-1, AVI, MOV, XviD, MPEG-4, ASF, DivX, 3GP, H.264, H.263, WebM, 3G2, VP8, VP9, H.265 Supported Digital Audio Standards WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, FLAC, XMF, AAC +, OGG, WMV (Sound), MXMF, AWB, IMY, RTTTL, RTX Multimedia Graphics Accelerator Qualcomm ADRENO 405 Environmental Parameters Min Operating Temperature 32 °F Max Operating Temperature 95 °F Memory RAM 3 GB Supported Flash Memory Cards microSDXC - up to 2 TB Battery Standby Time Up to 576 Hours Capacity 2610 mAh Run Time Details Mixed usage - up to 17 hrs Talk - up to 1020 min Standby - up to 576 hrs Playback ( audio ) - up to 40 hrs Playback ( video ) - up to 8 hrs Digital Camera Digital Zoom 4 Lens Aperture f/2.0 Focus Adjustment automatic Camera Light Source dual LED flash Video Recorder Resolutions 1920 x 1080 (1080p) Features 6-element lens, Burst mode, Panorama, Phase Detect Auto-Focus (PDAF), face detection, picture stabilizer Header Brand BlackBerry Product Line BlackBerry Model DTEK50 Packaged Quantity 1 CE Input Device Type touch sensitive screen (multi-touch) Touchscreen Technology capacitive Features Sensors accelerometer, ambient light sensor, gyro sensor, hall sensor, magnetometer, proximity sensor Phone Functions call timer, conference call, flight mode, speakerphone, vibrating alert Additional Features Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Digital Player (Recorder) Supported Digital Audio Standards AAC, RTX, WAV, WMV (Sound), XMF, AMR, AWB, FLAC, IMY, MP3, MXMF, OGG, RTTTL Supported Digital Video Standards 3G2, 3GP, MPEG-4, VC-1, VP8, VP9, WebM, XviD, ASF, AVI, DivX, H.263, H.264, H.265, MKV, MOV RAM Installed Size 3 GB Flash Memory Internal Memory Capacity 16 GB Max Supported Size 2 TB Supported Flash Memory Cards microSDXC Graphics System Graphics Accelerator Qualcomm ADRENO 405 Optical Sensor Sensor Resolution 13 pixels Front-facing Camera Sensor Resolution 8 Megapixel Lens Aperture f/2.2 Dimensions & Weight Width 2.85 in Depth 0.29 in Height 5.79 in Weight 5.2 oz Topics: Security, BlackBerry, Google, Smartphones Where To Buy Price $299.99 Amazon.com $299.00 Newegg.com $289.99 Top ZDNET Reviews Lenovo ThinkPad 13 7.9 Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro (2016) 8 Gyration Air Mouse Voice Dell XPS 13 (2016) 8.5 Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. User Reviews Powered by Livefyre Add your Review Where To Buy BlackBerry DTEK50 Part Number: DTEK50 Price $299.99 Amazon.com $299.00 See It Newegg.com $289.99 See It Related Stories Laptops Lenovo ThinkPad 13 review: A tough and affordable ultraportable workhorse Laptops Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro (2016) review: Fast, light, innovative, and expensive Hardware Gyration Air Mouse Voice, First Take: Multi-function mouse gets voice-activated presentation effects Laptops Dell XPS 13 (2016) review: Powerful, light and well-made × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 23, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X EU plans to extend telecom rules to web-based providers Facebook says WhatsApp privacy could no longer be guaranteed under new rules Mon, Aug 15, 2016, 14:11 WhatsApp owner Facebook said extending the rules to online messaging services would mean they could “no longer be able to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the communication through encryption”         The European Union is planning to extend telecom rules covering security and confidentiality of communications to web services such as Microsoft’s Skype and Facebook’s WhatsApp which could restrict how they use encryption. The rules currently apply only to telecoms providers such as Vodafone and Orange. According to an internal European Commission document seen by Reuters, the EU executive wants to extend some of the rules to web companies offering calls and messages over the internet. Telecoms companies have long complained that web groups such as Alphabet’s Google, Microsoft and Facebook are more lightly regulated despite offering similar services and have called for the EU’s telecoms-specific rules to be repealed. They have also said that companies such as Google and Facebook can make money from the use of customer data. “Unlike telcos, OTT (web-based) are global players that are allowed to commercially exploit the traffic data and the location data they collect,” telecoms group Orange said in a response to the EU’s public consultation on the reform proposals. Eprivacy directive Under the existing “eprivacy directive”, telecoms operators have to protect users’ communications and ensure the security of their networks and may not keep customers’ location and traffic data. The EU rules also allow national governments to restrict the right to confidentiality for national security and law-enforcement purposes. Many tech companies such as Facebook and Google already offer end-to-end encryption on their messaging and email services. They argue there is no need to extend the telecoms rules to web services and that the EU should not dictate how they protect their users’ communications. Encryption Facebook, which uses full-scale encryption on WhatsApp, said in its response to the commission’s public consultation that extending the rules to online messaging services would mean it could in effect “no longer be able to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the communication through encryption” because governments would have the option of restricting the confidentiality right for national security purposes. ADVERTISEMENT “Therefore, any expansion of the current ePD [eprivacy directive] should not have the undesired consequence of undermining the very privacy it is seeking to protect,” the company said. Tech companies have been at loggerheads with national governments and police agencies over the use of encryption. Advocates of strong encryption argue the technology is vital for protecting the privacy of consumers and businesses. The EU document said the exact confidentiality obligations for web firms would still have to be defined. The commission could also force the companies to allow their users to take a copy of their content, for example emails, with them when they switch providers, according to the document. The EU executive will propose a reform of the eprivacy rules later this year, while a broader overhaul of the EU’s telecoms rules will come in September. The commission was not immediately available to comment. – (Reuters)       Topics: Eu European Commission European Union Facebook Google Microsoft Orange Skype Vodafone Read More Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing Instagram takes on Snapchat with live, ‘disappearing’ video How to . . . help out your smartphone battery Three UK hit by data breach but no risk to Irish customers This week we’re talking about . . . fakebook Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Online reviews: what you read isn’t always what you get Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case Technology Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing Sport Olympic ticket agent Kevin Mallon must lodge €410,000 to get passport back Business Pharmacist taking skincare back to its natural source Sponsored A bank-beating foreign exchange proposition How ‘nudge theory’ can improve pension provision Black Friday: what is it and how to prepare for it Send an AdMailer Christmas card and help a homeless charity ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 17:35 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 17:23 Builder Siac posts profits of €322,000 15:47 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 15:38 Organisations set to increase IT spend, survey shows 15:18 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing Tech Tools: projector for use with smartphones Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Most Read in Business 1 First-time buyer deposits cut to 10% as Central Bank eases mortgage rules 2 What to do in your 20s/30s...if you don’t want to be broke in your 60s 3 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 4 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 5 UK chancellor Philip Hammond maps out post-Brexit future 6 Shocking revelations at Rush Credit Union are just the start 7 Loosening of mortgage rules will push up house prices, says Davy 8 Michael Noonan says ‘brass-plate operations’ will not be welcome 9 Thousands affected as RaboDirect axes investment funds 10 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 23/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Google is working on a new operating system named Fuchsia New, 81 comments 'Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System).' by James Vincent@jjvincent Aug 15, 2016, 9:06am EDT share tweet Linkedin Here's a puzzle: Google appears to have started work on a completely new operating system, but no one knows quite what it's for. The project's name is Fuchsia, and it currently exists as a growing pile of code on the search giant's code depository and on GitHub, too. The fledgling OS has a number of interesting features, but so far Google has yet to comment on its intended function. All we really know is that this looks like a fresh start for Google, as the operating system does not use the Linux kernel — a core of basic code that underpins both Android and Chrome OS. So what is Fuchsia for? There have been a number of suggestions. Some people think it could be used to "unify" Chrome OS and Android into a single operating system (a plan that was first rumored last year, with the new OS said to be scheduled for a 2017 release), while others say it could be used to power hardware like Google's OnHub router or third-party Internet of Things devices. Fuchsia's core code is designed to be lightweight Looking into Fuchsia's code gives us a few clues. For example, the OS is built on Magenta, a "medium-sized microkernel" that is itself based on a project called LittleKernel, which is designed to be used in embedded systems (computers that have a specialized function and often don't need an actual operating system, like the software in a digital watch). Similarly, both of the developers listed on Fuchsia's GitHub page — Christopher Anderson and Brian Swetland — are experts in embedded systems. Swetland is a senior software engineer at Google and Anderson has previously worked on the company's Android TV and Nexus Q projects. But the OS also "targets modern phones [and] computers" However, the Magenta kernel can do a lot more than just power a router. Google's own documentation says the software "targets modern phones and modern personal computers" that use "fast processors" and "non-trivial amounts of RAM." It notes that Magenta supports a number of advanced features, including user modes and a "capability-based security model." Further evidence that Fuchsia is intended for more than just Wi-Fi-connected gadgets include the fact that Google already has its own IoT platform (the Android-based Brillo), and the fact that the new OS includes support for graphics rendering. Some users of Hacker News have even suggested that Fuchsia could be use for augmented reality interfaces. (Google itself has yet to respond to requests for comment.) This is just speculation for now, and the only real description we have of Fuchsia is what it says at the top of the GitHub page: "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." The question of why the project would be revealed in this way is also confusing, although when pressed on the subject during an IRC chat, Swetland reportedly said: "The decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning." Well, we've certainly got the beginning of Fuchsia, but where it goes next isn't clear. From what we can see, it's currently being tested on all sorts of systems. Swetland says it's "booting reasonably well" on small-form factor Intel PCs (NUCs) as well as an Acer Switch Alpha 12 laptop ("although driver support is still a work in progress"), while another Google developer involved in the project, Travis Geiselbrecht, says they'll soon have support for the Raspberry Pi 3. At this rate, it looks like Fuchsia will be popping up all over the place. Android apps running on Chromebooks Source: Fuchsia (GitHub) Via: Android Police More From The Verge Snap Spectacles review: Fun that's totally worth the trouble Cults, chaos, and community: how The Tension Experience rewrote the rules of storytelling Netflix feels like Blockbuster these days The Verge 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Supported By Did Trump just change his mind on climate change? Who knows The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more This 5-second video will crash your iPhone Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker This cheap fitness watch has GPS tracking and an always-on display by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Another day, another new fitness tracker — although this one is a relatively inexpensive fitness-focused smartwatch. Huami is now selling its Amazfit Pace smartwatch in the US, a product that was previously only available in China, where Huami is... New, 0 comments Gaming Entertainment Culture Question Club: Is Watch Dogs 2 actually an open-world puzzle game? by Megan Farokhmanesh, Chris Plante, and Andrew Webster Earlier this month, Ubisoft released a sequel to its open-world hacking adventure, Watch Dogs. Gone is the city of Chicago and the dour grimace of vigilante Aiden Pearce. Watch Dogs 2 instead focuses on Marcus Holloway, a youthful hacker living in... Spotify’s collaborative playlists will test your family’s togetherness this Thanksgiving by Ben Popper Spotify and Sonos have gotten together for a little holiday promotion they’re calling Playlist Potluck. It lets a host create a Spotify playlist they can share via email, and anyone who’s invited can add their own track. The theme is friendship,... Gaming Editorial Virtual Reality Steam is about to take over PC gaming all over again — this time, with VR by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy For years now, Valve’s Steam service has dominated PC gaming. Not every title is on its store, and markets like GoG and Itch.io have carved out their own niche. But it’s still probably the best-known way to find and play games on any computer —... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Culture Let’s hope these sneakers with LED screens are not the footwear of the future by Lizzie Plaugic “Things to put your feet in” probably falls somewhere on Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, but there’s no way that includes these things. Vixole’s new “e-sneakers” come with an LED screen near the heel that the wearer can customize with drawings,... New, 3 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft brings Solitaire to iOS and Android by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is bringing its popular version of Solitaire to iOS and Android today. While the game as existed on Windows for more than 25 years, the modern Solitaire Collection will now be available outside of Windows for the first time. Microsoft is... New, 7 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Infosecurity Magazine, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Latest Internet Society: Five Steps to Improve Trust Online Deliveroo Under Fire After Hungry Hackers Defraud Firm Two-thirds of London Councils Suffered Breach in Past Four Years ESET Announces Raft of Security Additions in Version 10 Release Malware Gambit Uses Facebook, Google Chrome and SVG Images   News Topics Features Webinars White Papers Events & Conferences Directory Search Infosecurity Magazine Home » News » Autorooting, Overlay Malware Are Rising Android Threats 14 Aug 2016 News Autorooting, Overlay Malware Are Rising Android Threats Tara Seals US/North America News Reporter, Infosecurity Magazine Email Tara The mobile threat landscape continued to evolve in the second quarter of 2016, with a growing concern among enterprises around new breeds of mobile threats: autorooting and overlay malware. According to the Appthority Enterprise Mobile Threat Team, despite app vetting processes that include basic security checks, both Apple and Google have been challenged by app developers circumventing security protocols to introduce malware via apps that are vetted for and available in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. For instance, Godless was discovered by Trend Micro over the summer. It has a set of rooting exploits in its pockets which can target virtually any Android device running on Android 5.1 (Lollipop) or earlier. As of late June, almost 90% of Android devices were running on affected versions. LevelDropper, another app with autorooting malware was discovered on Google Play by Lookout a week later. It’s a utility app that features a digital version of a handyman’s level. It roots Android devices and enables remote installation of applications without the user’s knowledge or approval. After just 30 minutes, 14 applications had been downloaded without any user interaction, according to researchers. Researchers suspect that the motives behind autorooting are at least partially to increase ad revenue and perceived app popularity. Additionally, the creators were careful to disguise the rooting actions to prevent them from being detected by Google's Bouncer, a security system used to scan apps before allowing them on the Play Store. The apps don’t show typical signs in the system directory that it has rooted the device, but rather stealthily leverages rooting exploits already available in the wild, according to Appthority’s report. Meanwhile also in June, FireEye discovered overlay malware that was used to steal credentials for mobile banking and messaging apps. Overlay malware is a type of mobile malware that is designed to mimic the look and feel of a target app. According to the researchers, “After landing on the user’s device, the malware launches a process to monitor which app is running in the foreground on the compromised device. When the user launches a benign app into the foreground that the malware is programmed to target (such as a banking app), the malware overlays a phishing view on top of the benign app. The unwary user, assuming that they are using the benign app, will enter the required account credentials, which are then sent to remote C2 servers controlled by threat actors.” Appthority noted that the overlay technique is becoming increasingly popular among attackers because it is very effective: It is difficult for users to distinguish the overlay screen from the real app which allows the bad actors to harvest a large number of credentials quickly. Duped users clicked over 160,000 times on the 28 shortened URLs FireEye monitored. Appthority warned that the existing vetting processes don’t typically pick up on these kinds of apps, so user education and mobile security are essential for enterprise users. “The current app store review processes do not analyze apps with an enterprise use case in mind,” the report noted. “Thus, they routinely allow apps with security vulnerabilities—such as transmitting credentials in clear text or sharing data with unauthorized cloud storage providers and other third parties—into their app stores.” It added, “For these reasons, enterprises still need to comprehensively monitor and prevent threats using solutions that detect not only known malware, but also precursors that indicate malicious potential behavior.” Photo © Bloomua/Shutterstock.com Why Not Watch? 26 Feb 2015Understanding and Responding to Advanced Persistent Threats 7 Apr 2016Secure Your Places and People – Who’s Accessing You and from Where? 10 Mar 2016Out Think Mobile Malware - Learn How to Protect Your Mobile Devices 2 Apr 2015Browsers, Certificates and Trust: What's Changing and What You Need to Know Related to This Story Highly Organized Chinese 'Yingmob' Rakes in $300K Monthly from Mobile Malware Meet Hummer, the No.1 Mobile Trojan in the World Mobile Malware? You’ve More Chance of Being Hit By Lightning Android App Stores Drenched with Malware Cyber-Bonanza: 80% of Android Users Have Outdated Smartphones What’s Hot on Infosecurity Magazine? Read Shared Watched Editor's Choice 1 23 Nov 2016 News Malware Gambit Uses Facebook, Google Chrome and SVG Images 2 22 Nov 2016 News Microsoft to Bid Farewell to SHA-1 in February 3 23 Nov 2016 News Trump Mentions Cyber in 100-Day Plan 4 22 Nov 2016 News Crysis Averted: Eset Releases Free Ransomware Decryptor 5 21 Nov 2016 News FBI: US ATMs Could Be Hacked to Spew Cash 6 18 Nov 2016 News US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance 1 18 Nov 2016 News US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance 2 21 Nov 2016 News FBI: US ATMs Could Be Hacked to Spew Cash 3 16 Nov 2016 News Cloud Security a Top Concern for 70% of IT Pros 4 18 Nov 2016 News UK Retailers Facing One Million Fraud Attempts Per Day 5 16 Nov 2016 News Consumers Blame Companies, Not Password Mistakes, for Compromises 6 17 Nov 2016 News SHA-1 Time Bomb: One Third of Websites Have Yet to Upgrade 1 24 Nov 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Enterprise Mobility and Security: Beyond BYOD 2 15 Dec 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Going Deep and Dark: Mining Threat Intelligence from the Hidden Web 3 15 Dec 2016, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST Webinar Hunting 101 - Back to Basics: Implementing a Proactive Cyber Hunting Approach 4 1 Dec 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar How to Achieve Best Practice in Application Security in 2017 5 17 Nov 2016 Webinar Network Encryption made EASY: Utilizing Network Virtualization to Simplify Network Encryption & Enhance your Network Security 6 27 Oct 2016 Webinar Going Beyond Security Hygiene to Get Ahead of Vulnerabilities 1 14 Nov 2016 Interview Video Interview: Insights with Cyber Leaders - Eugene Kaspersky 2 18 Nov 2016 Blog ‘We'll Always Have Paris’ – Highlights from ISSE Conference 2016 3 17 Nov 2016 Opinion Keeping Today’s 'Smart Office' Secure 4 16 Nov 2016 Blog Closing the Gender Gap in Cybersecurity: Its Time to Back Ourselves as an Industry 5 15 Nov 2016 News #ISSEconf: Shifting to Self-learning, Self-defending Networks 6 15 Nov 2016 Opinion Workers Mix Business with Pleasure & the Security Impact is Colossal The Magazine About Infosecurity Subscription Meet the Team Contact Us Advertisers Media Pack Contributors Forward Features Op-ed Copright © 2016 Reed Exhibitions Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Sitemap Please wait…
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google is testing a new “Top Features” section in Play Store reviews +6,243 Joe Fedewa Aug 15th, 2016 Google has been making some subtle changes to the Play Store in past couple of weeks. They recently removed the need to have a Google+ account to leave a review. Now, Google is testing another change to the Play Store. This time, it’s a brand new review section called “Top Features.” Top Features is a section underneath the rating breakdown and above the written review highlights. The section shows user feedback about certain functions of the app or game. The Top Features will vary depending on the app. For example, Chase Mobile’s Top Features include “making payments, depositing checks, tracking finances” and more. So where is Google getting this information? From you. Google will be rolling out a new review process along with this feature. You will be asked about specific functions of the apps. You can give them a thumbs up, thumbs down, or unsure. It’s similar to how Google Maps will occasionally ask you if a restaurant you visited had WiFi. This is a great change that will provide more information before you install an app. It’s currently available to a few users, but we don’t know when it will roll out to everyone. Before After [via Android Police] local_offer    Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store Play Store support comes to 4 Chromebooks The Play Store sees another update Google's battle against Play Store manipulation continues New Play Store update stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertPokémon GO makes big changes CP levels closePokémon GO is making big changes to the CP levels of your favorite Pokémon Pokemon GO is bring big changes to the balancing of the game by tweaking the CP levels of some of your favorite Pokemon (for better or worse). 2 more_vertHTC may exit the mobile smartphone market closeHTC may be looking to get out of the smartphone business A new rumor suggests that HTC may be planning to sell off its mobile division due to suffering too many losses. 3 more_vertDitto is now live in Pokémon GO, here's how to catch him closeDitto is officially live in Pokémon GO, here’s how to catch him Today, Niantic has officially released Ditto into the augmented wilds of Pokemon GO. If you’re curious on how you can find him, details are provided in the post. 4 more_vertAirDroid is updated to version 4.0 closeAirDroid is updated to version 4.0 and receives a complete overhaul The AirDroid mobile application has been updated to version 4.0 and includes a complete overhaul of the interface, and adds some new features. 5 more_vertGoogle accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones closeUnauthorized Pixel resellers denied access to their Google accounts Nearly 200 Google accounts have been suspended due to unauthorized reselling of Google’s Pixel phones. 6 more_vertBest Apps/Games Nov 18 closeTop 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (November 18, 2016) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 7 more_vertLG may be removing a key feature from the LG V30 closeLG may be removing the best feature from its next “V” product lineup According to Evan Blass, LG will be removing the secondary display from the LG V30. This is according to early renders that were received and show the removal of the display. 8 more_vertSamsung adds Microsoft languages to Tizen closeApps for Samsung devices are about to get a lot better Samsung is inviting a new breed of developers into the Tizen family with a big announcement today. 9 more_vertFirst Huawei P10 specs and shots surface closeFirst Huawei P10 specs and shots surface Here we are: the Huawei P10, or a prototypical version of it, anyway. We’re not so far removed from the this year’s interesting P9 model that we were starved for details on the company’s next flagship, but it’s nice to get an early look regardless. 10 more_vertOnePlus 3T charging proves solid closeOnePlus 3T vs Pixel XL Charge Test: who can get to the finish line first? With the OnePlus 3T, OnePlus thought it was a good time to remind people just how good their Dash Charge technology is. That’s why they took one of the current kings of battery life — the Pixel XL — and put their own OnePlus 3T head-to-head against it. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EU plans to extend some telecom rules to web-based providers By Reuters Published: 08:38 EST, 15 August 2016 | Updated: 08:38 EST, 15 August 2016 e-mail By Julia Fioretti BRUSSELS, Aug 15 (Reuters) - The European Union is planning to extend telecom rules covering security and confidentiality of communications to web services such as Microsoft's Skype and Facebook's WhatsApp which could restrict how they use encryption. The rules currently only apply to telecoms providers such as Vodafone and Orange. According to an internal European Commission document seen by Reuters, the EU executive wants to extend some of the rules to web companies offering calls and messages over the Internet. Telecoms companies have long complained that web groups such as Alphabet Inc's Google, Microsoft and Facebook are more lightly regulated despite offering similar services and have called for the EU's telecoms-specific rules to be repealed. They have also said that companies such as Google and Facebook can make money from the use of customer data. "Unlike telcos, OTT (web-based) are global players that are allowed to commercially exploit the traffic data and the location data they collect," telecoms group Orange said in a response to the EU's public consultation on the reform proposals. Under the existing "ePrivacy Directive", telecoms operators have to protect users' communications and ensure the security of their networks and may not keep customers' location and traffic data. The EU rules also allow national governments to restrict the right to confidentiality for national security and law enforcement purposes. Many tech companies such as Facebook and Google already offer end-to-end encryption on their messaging and email services. They argue there is no need to extend the telecoms rules to web services and that the EU should not dictate how they protect their users' communications. Facebook, which uses full-scale encryption on WhatsApp, said in its response to the Commission's public consultation that extending the rules to online messaging services would mean they could in effect "no longer be able to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the communication through encryption" because governments would have the option of restricting the confidentiality right for national security purposes. "Therefore, any expansion of the current ePD (ePrivacy Directive) should not have the undesired consequence of undermining the very privacy it is seeking to protect," the company said. Tech companies have been at loggerheads with national governments and police agencies over the use of encryption. Advocates of strong encryption argue the technology is vital for protecting the privacy of consumers and businesses. The EU document said that the exact confidentiality obligations for web firms would still have to be defined. The Commission could also force the companies to allow their users to take a copy of their content, for example emails, with them when they switch providers, according to the document. The EU executive will propose a reform of the ePrivacy rules later this year, while a broader overhaul of the EU's telecoms rules will come in September. The Commission was not immediately available to comment. (Reporting by Julia Fioretti. Editing by Jane Merriman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Nick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spree with his ex's card after she leant it to him to buy food Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Harry gets his hands dirty! Prince shows off his green fingers as he plants trees on Barbuda during third day of his Caribbean tour  Going green Two wheeling! Bella Thorne puts on a leggy display in skin-tight leather shorts and black tights as she goes for a spin on her bicycle Going for a spin A year to forget! Married Isla Fisher and Sacha Baron Cohen crash onto Forbes' biggest Hollywood flops 2016 list One to forget? All shook up! Channing Tatum dons Elvis Presley disguise for hilarious prank during elevator ride...all for charitable cause The King is back PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Natalie Dormer looks worlds away from Game Of Thrones as she joins Mel Gibson for The Professor And The Madman filming Goodbye, classroom. Hello, Loose Women! GBBO winner Candice reveals she feels 'horrendous' about ditching teaching for baking career 'I make love to pressure!' Jamie Foxx TWICE catches an American football flying 100 MPH as he trains for upcoming film All-Star Weekend Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Superheroes unite! Chris Hemsworth catches up with lookalike Avengers co-star Robert Downey Jr to discuss upcoming film and 'health tips' HBO releases long-awaited 41-second trailer for the sixth and final season of Lena Dunham's hit sitcom Girls 10-episode swan song Jesy Nelson looks in great spirits as she struts to Little Mix's interview in racy thigh-high boots... amid claims she 'split from fiancé Jake Roche weeks ago' Will Brad and Angelina reunite for Thanksgiving? Actress 'asks estranged husband for truce as children beg them to be nice to each other' Stylish in Stella! Kesha arrives at LAX in McCartney cat clothes after Billboard Women In Music Trailblazer award announcement Feline fine  Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': West's doctor 'feared he'd hurt cops who hospitalized him' in psychotic episode that forced Kim to cancel comeback 'I was concerned by what I saw': John Legend speaks about his worries for close friend Kanye West Rapper was hospitalised on Monday 'I'm married and I have a propensity to shag strangers': Former party boy Robbie Williams reveals why he now chooses to stay home over a night out Rape survivor Gabrielle Union says she wanted to play an assault victim in her latest movie because it's her 'reality'  Speaking out  No pain, no gain: Real Housewives star Bethenny Frankel, 46, shows off the red welts on her back after a cupping session in NYC Pampering Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand 5 Reasons to Switch to Inbox from Gmail David Nield | Gizmodo MediaAug 15, 2016, 05.59 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit GoogleImage Credit Inbox by Gmail has been around for almost two years , and while it continues to exist alongside Gmail, it's easy to see that Google engineers see Inbox as the email app of the future. New features are being added on a regular basis, and with each one, it's slowly becoming smarter and easier to use. Here are five reasons you should consider switching to Inbox right now. 1) Smart apps in your email Recently added features bring Trello and GitHub integration to Inbox, which it can parse information inside messages sent from those services and give you automatic alerts rather than a standard 'new email' update. It works in the same way that Inbox scans hotel bookings for key details. It works with things like Google Alerts and Google Drive too, so you can finally insert Drive links directly into emails and skip the step of adding the file as an attachment. The list of supported services is fairly sparse right now, but it's easy to see how Google could expand type of integration, making more of your email updates smart, so you get the key information at a glance. 2) Get through newsletters in a snap Email newsletters are back in fashion (we have one ) and Inbox deals with them in a clever way, parsing the links inside to give you a quick summary. You can tap on one or more of the links or just ignore them completely. You can still open the whole newsletter if you want more information, but this is another prime example of Inbox making it easier to get through lots of email. Once you're done with a particular newsletter, it's minimized in the email list to take up less space. As with anything else in the Inbox app, you can swipe on a newsletter to archive or snooze it. 3) Make your replies smarter One key feature Inbox has that Gmail doesn't is smart replies. Quick, AI-powered responses to your contacts to help you power through your inbox and spend less time composing replies. Open up any thread you're planning to respond to, and you'll see the generated quick replies appear in blue boxes at the foot of the screen. Google engineers recently added emoji to the list of possible replies too. You still have the option to reply like a normal human being if you want, and the feature is now available on the web as well as mobile. 4) Catch up on your reading and to dos You can use Gmail as a read-it-later service and to do list, but Inbox is geared up more specifically for these type oftasks. Online articles can be saved to Inbox on Android or iOS, provided Inbox is installed, and on the web through an official Chrome extension. Meanwhile the ability to add reminders is right next to the option to compose a new email (use the large red plus icon on mobile or the web). To dos can be associated with a time and even a place. The reminders sync neatly to Google Now too, so you can access them without having to go into Inbox each time. 5) Take control of your snoozing The ability to snooze emails isn't available in Gmail, and the option in Inbox has been getting more and more advanced over time. If the app detects a date and time in the email you're snoozing, for example, that comes up as a snooze suggestion. It works for package tracking, hotel and flight reservations, invites from Google Calendar and more, letting you forget about an email until you really need it. What's more, you can customize snooze times and days for morning, afternoon and evening through the app settings. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: GooglemobileInbox by GmailHow toGoogle InboxGmailEmailsDesktop Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryThe Olympian's Breakfast Contains Meat, Nuts, and Even More Meat Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author The Most Common Problems in iOS 10 and How to Fix Them The Most Useful Chrome Extensions Ever Made How to Use Siri to Find New Music Related stories How to Use Gmail and Inbox Together How to Add Social Media Links to Your Gmail Signature How to recover your compromised Gmail account How to Transform the Look of Your Gmail How to Tell If Someone Is Tracking Your Emails Snooze Emails Until Just the Right Time With Inbox By Gmail Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks Heavier, More Powerful and Opulently Insane: Metallica’s “Hardwired…to Self Destruct” Re-establishes the Band’s Legacy despite a few soporific pieces in between The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Hot Right Now The Most Common Problems in iOS 10 and How to Fix Them The Most Useful Chrome Extensions Ever Made Hedgehog-Based Authentication Is the Only Way to Be Truly Secure Courage Is Dead Will Human Evolution Be Shaped by Climate Change? You Don't Need Anti-Virus Software for Your Life Donald Trump: Maybe Humans Did the Climate Change After All Apple Is Offering Replacements for iPhone 6s Models That Randomly Shut Down Report: Peter Thiel Quietly Building Silicon Valley 'Brain Trust' to Help Trump Feds With Massive Conflict of Interest Find Zero Reports About Trump's DC Hotel Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Samsung is looking to recreate its mid-range magic with the Galaxy C5 Pro and the C7 Pro WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Six Marketing Lessons from Prasoon Joshi #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6519BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5590BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple EU plans to extend some telecom rules to web-based providers By Julia Fioretti ReutersAugust 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share 1 / 2 A web camera is seen in front of a Skype logo in this photo illustration taken in Zenica A web camera is seen in front of a Skype logo in this photo illustration taken in Zenica, May 26, 2015. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic By Julia Fioretti BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is planning to extend telecom rules covering security and confidentiality of communications to web services such as Microsoft's Skype and Facebook's WhatsApp which could restrict how they use encryption. The rules currently only apply to telecoms providers such as Vodafone and Orange. According to an internal European Commission document seen by Reuters, the EU executive wants to extend some of the rules to web companies offering calls and messages over the Internet. Telecoms companies have long complained that web groups such as Alphabet Inc's Google, Microsoft and Facebook are more lightly regulated despite offering similar services and have called for the EU's telecoms-specific rules to be repealed. They have also said that companies such as Google and Facebook can make money from the use of customer data. "Unlike telcos, OTT (web-based) are global players that are allowed to commercially exploit the traffic data and the location data they collect," telecoms group Orange said in a response to the EU's public consultation on the reform proposals. Under the existing "ePrivacy Directive", telecoms operators have to protect users' communications and ensure the security of their networks and may not keep customers' location and traffic data. The EU rules also allow national governments to restrict the right to confidentiality for national security and law enforcement purposes. Many tech companies such as Facebook and Google already offer end-to-end encryption on their messaging and email services. They argue there is no need to extend the telecoms rules to web services and that the EU should not dictate how they protect their users' communications. Facebook, which uses full-scale encryption on WhatsApp, said in its response to the Commission's public consultation that extending the rules to online messaging services would mean they could in effect "no longer be able to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the communication through encryption" because governments would have the option of restricting the confidentiality right for national security purposes. "Therefore, any expansion of the current ePD (ePrivacy Directive) should not have the undesired consequence of undermining the very privacy it is seeking to protect," the company said. Tech companies have been at loggerheads with national governments and police agencies over the use of encryption. Advocates of strong encryption argue the technology is vital for protecting the privacy of consumers and businesses. EU Commission Vice-President Andrus Ansip has spoken out in the past in favor of encryption. The EU document said that the exact confidentiality obligations for web firms would still have to be defined. The Commission could also force the companies to allow their users to take a copy of their content, for example emails, with them when they switch providers, according to the document. The EU executive will propose a reform of the ePrivacy rules later this year, while a broader overhaul of the EU's telecoms rules will come in September. The Commission said it was considering whether the scope of the current rules needed to be adapted needs "to ensure adequate levels of consumer protection and ensure that regulation does not distort competition." "This does not necessarily mean treating all communications services the same for all purposes," Commission spokeswoman Nathalie Vandystadt said. (Editing by Jane Merriman) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A nasty Android malware is spreading using Google's online ad network Rob Price Aug. 15, 2016, 8:23 AM 9,785 facebook linkedin twitter email print Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google's parent company Alphabet. Win McNamee/Getty Images Watch out, Android users: Security researchers have discovered a nasty new piece of smartphone malware that targets users of Google's mobile operating system — and it uses Google's popular advertising network AdSense to do it. It's a banking "trojan," which is designed to steal its victims' banking details. One way it does this is by creating phishing windows designed to dupe users into entering their details. It can also read and and delete text messages sent to users by their banks. The worrying part is how it makes its way to the victim's phone. Researchers from security firm Kaspersky found that it is being distributed by AdSense — Google's huge advertising network which is used by countless companies and people to display ads on their websites. Ads that are powered by AdSense appear everywhere from tiny blogs to the websites of international news organisations (Kaspersky researchers saw it appear on RT, the state-owned Russian media company); it's the single biggest ad network in the world. Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The malware downloading itself via a Google AdSense advert on propaganda site Russia Today. Kaspersky The malware, once installed, hides itself from the list of applications on the phone, making it harder to detect and remove. And, as well as stealing financial data, it also spies on the victim more generally: "Svpeng collects an impressive amount of information from the user’s phone — the call history, text and multimedia messages, browser bookmarks and contacts," Kaspersky researchers wrote in a blog post on Monday. There are ways to avoid being infected. If users have their security settings set so their phone won't run apps from unknown sources, their devices won't be compromised. By default, Android won't run unknown apps — but it is sometimes necessary to change these settings (to install apps from third-party app stores, for example) — putting the phone at risk. The malware appears to be specifically targeting Russian users, as it was designed to create phishing windows for a specific Russian bank. But it's still embarrassing for Google, and fuels the argument often made that online ad-blocking is sometimes necessary as a security measure to protect the user. Ad networks used by media organisations have been caught accidentally delivering malware to readers before. Back in September 2015, for example, researchers found news site Forbes was accidentally delivering malware to users via malicious ads. The issue was subsequently resolved. SEE ALSO: Google is building a totally new operating system NOW WATCH: This hidden iPhone feature will boost your reception Loading video... More: Google Android Malware AdSense Security facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A nasty Android malware is spreading using Google's online ad network A nasty Android malware is spreading using Google's online ad network Watch out, Android users: Security researchers... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Home Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion Fuchsia: Google's Rumored New Operating System to Combine Chrome OS and Android? [DETAILS] By Mariel Peralta Aug 15, 2016 | 12:20 AM Google is rumored to be secretly working on a new operating system called "Fuchsia." Fuchsia is rumored to be Google's new unified operating system (OS). The company is looking to combine both the Chrome OS and Android together and Fuchsia may be the result. New Google OS Fuchsia Details, Rumors Techno Buffalo reports that Google has stated many times that they have no plans of merging their Chrome OS and Android platforms. However, there was a sighting that the company may be working secretly on it. Fuchsia is apparently an OS that can work both on mobile and desktop devices. The references to Google's Fuchsia were reportedly seen on Phoronix. There was an equation that cited the OS, "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." According to the outlet, the new OS is original and uses Magenta kernel for computers and smartphone devices. It apparently uses the LK kernel for smaller systems as well. Yes, I want Breaking Christian News Submit Google to Secretly Unify All Operating Systems? The two kernels come together in Fuchsia and could unify Google's operating systems, according to the documentation. "LK is a Kernel designed for small systems typically used in embedded applications…." Ubergizmo noted. "On the other hand, Magenta targets modern phones and modern personal computers with fast processors, non-trivial amounts of RAM with arbitrary peripherals doing open-ended computation." According to Inquisitr, the Fuchsia can apparently support the AArch64, ARM's 64-bit, and x86. This means that Fuchsia can easily support the Android OS or Chrome OS. It is not clear why Google denies working on Fuchsia to unify their current operating systems as they have been blurring out the lines with their Chrome OS and Android in the last couple of months. According to the outlet, if Google will not unify the operating systems, they may have other plans for it. A possibility would be to use Fuchsia as the base instead of Linux for new generation Chrome OS and Android software. Both platforms would have to use Fuchsia in some way in order to fully utilize all the functions created by Google for it. Do you believe that Google is trying to stop the rumors by constantly denying the presence of Fuchsia and their work on it? Let us know what you think about a unified Google operating system in the comments below. Most Popular Stories 8 Worst Anti-Christmas Retailers Named in 2016 'Naughty & Nice' List Designers Refuse Melania Trump, So Should Wedding Vendors Be Able to Refuse Gay Weddings? A high-profile fashion designer who is refusing to design clothes for Melania Trump is fueling conversation surrounding freedom of association and religious liberty in America, with conservatives and libertarians alike decrying the double standard. Mariam Ibraheem Secretly Read the Bible While Jailed for Apostasy; Says Muslim Cellmate Accepted Christ Mariam Ibraheem, the Sudanese Christian mother who was sentenced to death in 2014, revealed on Saturday that she secretly read a the Bible at night while she was imprisoned for apostasy and trusted a Muslim inmate to hide the Bible from prison guards. Tullian Tchividjian Emerges From Scandal With New Wife, Preaches Sermon on God's Redemption Tullian Tchividjian, who lost his church and wife last summer to an adultery scandal, has re-emerged with a new wife and a redeeming message about God's "magnificent intervention." Trump's Top Adviser: 'Darkness Is Good ... Satan, That's Power' In his first post-election interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Breitbart News' executive chairman Steve Bannon, who is set to become the chief strategist in the Donald Trump administration, sarcastically compared himself to Satan and said, "Darkness is good." Desireé Allen, Pastor Who Got Pregnant With Twins After Sex With Fiancé, Says She Won't Stop Preaching A New York City pastor who got pregnant with twins after premarital sex with her fiancé says she will not be "slut shamed" from the pulpit and has vowed to keep preaching with pride until she "can no longer waddle on the stage." Terms of Service Privacy Full Site © 2016 The Christian Post Company Swipe to read previous / next sections. Don't show this again! Got it!
null
The Linux Critic Set your computer free Menu Skip to content Home About Trent About Joe Standard Posted by Trent Posted on August 15, 2016 Posted under review Comments 2 Comments Android Apps on Chrome OS I’m going to talk about Chrome OS, Android, and Chromebooks today. Chrome OS is Linux at its core, as is Android, so they’re relevant to other things I discuss on Linux Critic, but I also use both of those platforms on a daily basis, and they’re technology, so they’re relevant anyway. I have a 2015 Chromebook Pixel that I bought almost a year ago. It isn’t my first Chromebook (in my opinion nobody should pay this much for a Chromebook if it’s their first experience with Chrome OS as a platform — it isn’t for everyone), so I was already well acquainted with its strengths and limitations. With regard to updates, I have my Pixel in the “Beta Channel”. It’s the best of both worlds for me; I get to see newer features sooner, but not so soon that the device is constantly crashing (like what my experiences in the Developer Channel demonstrated). Recently, due to my participation in the Beta Channel with one of the slated devices, I received the long-awaited update that allowed Google Play Apps (a.k.a., Android apps) on Chrome OS. I’ve had this on my Pixel for a little over a week now, and I decided to share my thoughts on the experience. What it is and why it’s interesting This update really only manifested itself in two key ways. First, the Google Play Store icon showed up pinned to the shelf, which allowed me to install Android Apps on my Chromebook. Secondly, in my Chromebook’s settings, a small, unobtrusive new section appeared, allowing me to enable or disable Android apps. This works exactly how you are thinking. By launching the Play Store, I can browse Android apps and install them from there, just like on my Android phone or tablet. For those among my readers who have used a Chromebook, you are probably aware of the limitations of these devices; they’re for web surfing and for consumption of cloud services — there is not substantial offline productivity and no way to install anything that isn’t a webapp. Because I use Google Apps for writing and simple spreadsheets quite a lot (as well as things like WordPress), these limitations aren’t a dealbreaker for me. On the contrary, the lightweight web-focus allows these devices to be blazingly fast and have a great battery life (I routinely get 11+ hours on a charge on my Pixel). With that said, having some additional functionality introduced to the Chrome OS platform is not something I’d immediately reject. Being able to install and run on my Pixel some of the same Android apps I enjoy on my phone… that’s pretty slick. This greatly expands the utility of the device, at least potentially. How it works Pretty typical Android settings interface. It’s pretty simple. I tested this out by searching for some of the Android apps I like — Google Keep, Gmail, et cetera — and clicked “install”. Just like an Android device, my Chromebook Pixel downloaded and installed the apps, depositing the icons for them in the Launcher. From there the apps launch just like normal, and behave (mostly) like normal. By right-clicking on them I can “Pin to shelf” just like anything else in the Launcher, I can minimize/maximize the windows in which they run just like anything else, and I can use the primary functions of these apps more or less like I would on my phone or tablet. That’s pretty much it. If need be, one can manage a number of settings specific to the Android portion of this, via a screen that looks a lot like the Settings interface on my Android phone. In this way, the Android footprint in Chrome OS feels like a “machine within a machine”, akin to virtualization. The Android bits seem pretty self-contained rather than seamlessly integrated, but I’m sure that’s due to the nature of what Android apps are — they are applications that run specifically with the Android Dalvik runtime environment, and as such are going to take certain forms all the time. This isn’t a bad thing, just an observation on my part. What I find useful The DSub music app just runs in its own window, like all Android apps on Chrome OS. Some Android apps are a bit nicer than the web equivalents. Take Google Keep, for example. The web version I find kind of sluggish (especially on searches) and the interface a bit cluttered for my tastes. The Google Keep Android app by comparison is pretty snappy, intuitive, and easier to use. Upon installing and playing around with this on my Chromebook, I immediately thought this is what I’m going to use going forward. It’s a total no-brainer, it’s that much better. Likewise, I installed DSub, an Android app designed specifically for connecting to and playing music from Subsonic servers. Don’t get me wrong, I really enjoy my Subsonic server. But the web interface isn’t exactly perfect. There have been some UI improvements in recent releases, but it’s still kind of counter-intuitive sometimes, and its lack of resume functionality is kind of frustrating. Installing DSub on my Chromebook eliminates this frustration. Now it’s a nice, self-contained music player on my Chromebook, and it works exactly the same way DSub works on my phone. As long as this is an option, I don’t think I’ll use the Subsonic web UI on my Chromebook ever again. Additionally, the Gmail app for Android works great on Chrome OS. It’s fast, simple, easy for quick reading and composition, and it loads faster than the webmail interface. Some people will get really excited to be able to install things like Word and Excel on a Chromebook. Another Android app I discovered is useful on Chrome OS is MX Player (and I installed VLC as well). A limitation of Chrome OS I have noticed over the past couple of years is the lack of ability to play much with regard to local media. I could take some video of my dog, for example, just using the default recording functionality of my Android phone, and my Chromebook wouldn’t be able to play it (unless I uploaded it to Youtube or something and played it that way). No more! With the ability to install robust video player apps designed for Android, now I can play local media with literally any encoding I’ve tried so far! Another angle (which applies more for others rather than for me) of which to be aware is the fact that Microsoft has a fair number of pretty good Android apps available for free. For people that need this functionality, this greatly expands the capabilities of Chrome OS as a platform and might no longer pose as many dealbreakers to stepping away from Windows itself. If that functionality is enough for such users, this is a game changer. It’s something to consider. I mean, look at this! What a strange world in which we live. What doesn’t work As always when implementing new functionality on any platform, there are some things that either don’t work, don’t work the way one might think or expect, or are a little flaky for now. The first thing I noticed is that while one can pin these Android apps to the shelf (which I immediately did for apps I found useful), after a reboot of the Chromebook itself, these apps are no longer there. They’re still installed, and I can find them in the launcher, and I can even re-pin them… but another reboot and they aren’t pinned again. This seems like a bug to me, but you never know. Sometimes Google has some really puzzling ideas about how things should work. I’m hopeful that an update will fix this behavior (assuming they consider it broken). Some games, while technically usable, don’t work very well on a Chromebook’s form factor.Other things are not so much bugs, but just form factor. Android apps are usually designed with touch in mind. While the 2015 Chromebook Pixel has a beautiful, responsive touchscreen, it isn’t very conducive to effectively playing most Android games. You can work with other apps (like the ones I mentioned above, Gmail, Google Keep, DSub, etc.) reasonably well with the touchpad or with a mouse, but games require a different level of interaction that I found to be cumbersome at best. Your mileage may vary, of course. I also found a few apps that wouldn’t install, claiming compatibility issues with versioning. My assumption here is that the Android runtime that got installed as a part of this Chrome OS update is probably at specific development levels in the key libraries, and some Android apps just won’t work in that, depending on what version or versions for which they were developed. I’ll keep trying some of them to see if this changes; it’s not a major problem — most apps I tried installed and functioned just fine. I am also of course keenly aware that this is still in beta. There are going to be some rough spots here and there, that is to be expected. Conclusion All in all, I find this implementation of Android on Chrome OS to be pretty impressive. In some respects, it greatly expands the capability of Chrome OS as a platform, which will certainly make it vastly more appealing to some people who have specific needs that Chrome OS has not been able to provide up until now. Even for those of us who had already found Chromebooks to be useful can find some immediate advantages to being able to install and use Android apps on these devices. In fact, now when using my regular Linux laptop, I find myself wishing I could install a couple of particular Android apps on it because I discovered how useful they are on my Chromebook. While not everything is perfect in this, some by bugs, some by design, it’s well-implemented overall. Like most parts of Chrome OS, it quietly stays out of the way unless you need it, and in those cases, it is implemented simply enough that one can figure it out without effort. I think this is the first real visible step Google has made toward unifying the two platforms — Chrome OS and Android — and this is a tantalizing glimpse at some of the potential in that unification. As a user of both, I’m extremely interested in seeing this mature as a concept, and I find it exciting to think that both platforms may benefit from cross-platform functionality. Share this: Google Reddit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Android Chrome OS Games Gmail Google Keep Google Play Store Microsoft Microsoft Office Post navigation ← My Choices of Applications Lately How to Make a Bootable Linux Thumb Drive via Command Line → 2 thoughts on “Android Apps on Chrome OS” Iiari says: August 26, 2016 at 01:06 Great editorial. I’m running some Android apps via ARC Welder via Chrome on my Linux machine, but Google has stated these will go away by 2018. On Linux, where I can find emulators of every kind from the PS2 to the Commodore 64 to Windows software on Wine, I find the lack of any kind of meaningful Android integration otherwise into Linux a frustrating omission. Is anyone out there working on Android apps to work on Linux like they work on Chrome OS now? Reply Trent says: August 26, 2016 at 06:11 I don’t know, but I sure hope so, because I share your frustration. It just seems like such a no-brainer to me. If I run across anything viable, I’ll do a writeup here and share it, I promise. Thanks for the comment! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. add-ons Android apt-get aterm Azalin browsers cfdisk Chromium browser cloud computing command line Damnthing Dell desktop desktop configuration desktop environments desktops Distros file managers filesystems firefox Fluxbox fluxbox configuration fluxbox keys fluxbox startup GNOME Google Google Chrome hard drives HDDs HOWTO KDE KDE3 KDE4 laptops links Linux Linux Mint Linux Mint Debian Edition (LMDE) Linux Mint Fluxbox CE Live CD LXDE memory Microsoft mp3 players music players netbooks notebooks Openbox open source evangelism opera opinion partitioning PCManFM Peppermint Linux OS RAM Rants Reviews screenshots security Slackware snark soapbox System76 testimonial Thunar Thunderbird Toshiba touchpad troubleshooting Ubuntu window managers Windows Windows XP X Xmodmap The Latest Chatter How to Make a Bootable Linux Thumb Drive via Command Line Android Apps on Chrome OS My Choices of Applications Lately 101 Posts Whisker Menu Older Stuff September 2016 (1) August 2016 (4) July 2016 (2) January 2016 (1) March 2015 (1) December 2014 (1) April 2014 (1) September 2013 (3) July 2012 (1) November 2011 (1) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (2) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (1) February 2011 (1) November 2010 (2) October 2010 (1) September 2010 (1) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (7) April 2010 (4) March 2010 (4) February 2010 (4) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (4) September 2009 (15) August 2009 (14) July 2009 (5) June 2009 (11) May 2009 (1) August 2016 M T W T F S S « Jul   Sep » 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Search This Week’s Top 5 Anatomy of a .desktop File Change screen brightness in LXDE Hannah Montana Linux review Mint Enlightenment Pianobar: Command line Pandora client HOWTO Trent How to Make a Bootable Linux Thumb Drive via Command Line Android Apps on Chrome OS My Choices of Applications Lately Patrick Xmodmap and “XKB: Couldn’t compile keymap” Point! Clack! Mash! And Hurr! The Clueless User Was Confuzzled Fluxbox In-Depth: Mad Customization And Other Tips Joe Linux Mint 9 LXDE: A Quick Glance Linux Mint 9: A First Look An Eye-Opening Experience About the Linux Critic I'm a professional troubleshooter (a.k.a. IT Guy) and I've been using Linux as my main desktop OS for over a decade, at home as well as at work (even though I've worked predominately in Windows shops). Professionally I work for an IT services company, supporting mostly Windows servers and desktops belonging to our clients and end users. Personally, I'm a writer, a gamer, and a musician, and I'm also a movie buff. I still love technology though, and I'm always tinkering with computers on my home network. I'm more technical than the "average user" by quite a ways, but I like to think that there's no reason why Linux and Free/Open Source Software can't find a home on the average user's desktop as a part of their everyday computing life.   I love to play around with technology, and I love to talk about it, so stick around and let me know what you're thinking. DISCLAIMER: The posts I write and publish on this blog are my own opinions and the opinions of those who contribute to The Linux Critic, and in no way reflect the opinions or official positions of my employer or any of the employers of my contributors. -- Trent All content on this blog is copyright (C) Trent Isaacson unless otherwise indicated. Blog Stats 549,452 hits RSS - Posts RSS - Comments Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Email Subscription Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 75 other followers Powered by WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About November 23, 2016 Google Unveils Their Experimental Plan For Wireless Broadband Service 20 Comments by: Brian Benchoff August 15, 2016 Two years ago, the FCC, with interested parties in Microsoft, Google, and many startups, created the Citizens Band Radio Service (CBRS), a rule that would open up the 3550-3650 MHz band  to anyone, or any company, to create their own wireless backbone between WiFi access points. It is the wireless solution to the last-mile problem, and last year the FCC enthusiastically endorsed the creation of the CBRS. In a recently released FCC filing, Google has announced their experimental protocol for testing the new CBRS. This isn’t fast Internet to a lamp pole on the corner of the street yet, but it lays the groundwork for how the CBRS will function, and how well it will perform. Google will be testing the propagation and interference of transmissions in the 3.5 GHz band in places around the US. Most of the Bay Area will be covered in the tests, as well as Boulder, CO, Kansas City, Omaha, Raleigh, NC, Provo, UT, and Reston, VA. Tests will consist of a simple CW tone broadcast in the 3.5 GHz band. The 3.5 GHz band is already allocated to shipborne navigation and military radar systems, posing an obvious problem to any wireless broadband system using this spectrum. To this end, the FCC is proposing a novel solution to the problem of coexistence between the CBRS and the military. Instead of simply banning transmissions in the spectrum, FCC Chairman Wheeler proposes, “computer systems can act like spectrum traffic cops.” A computer is able to direct the wireless traffic much more effectively than a blanket ban, and will allow better utilization of limited spectrum. Google’s FCC filing is just for testing propagation and interference, and we have yet to hear anything about how a network built on 3.5 GHz spectrum will be laid out. One thing is for certain, though: you will not have a 3.5 GHz USB networking dongle for the same reason you don’t have a Google Fiber input on your desktop. Posted in news, slider, wireless hacksTagged 3.5GHz, CBRS, experiment, fcc, google, radio Post navigation ← Laser Sequencer uses Arduino to Enable Super-Microscope! Be A Part Of The Best Hardware Conference Ever → 20 thoughts on “Google Unveils Their Experimental Plan For Wireless Broadband Service” maine coon #kæt (@dakotathekat) says: August 15, 2016 at 4:57 am But I *do* have a Google Fiber input, or close enough: I have a NIC with an SFP slot. Just give me a GPON SFP and I’m good to go. Report comment Reply M says: August 15, 2016 at 6:14 pm I think the only barriers will be in paperwork, getting google to give you access, assuming you can come up with the RX/TX equipment and an implementation of the protocols. (kind of like showing up to you ISP with your own modem) Report comment Reply Annie says: August 15, 2016 at 7:48 pm My ISP doesn’t care about the modem, I only need to configure it right. Report comment Reply M says: August 15, 2016 at 8:25 pm Hopefully Google and the FCC will have a similar opinion. Report comment Reply Benjy says: August 15, 2016 at 5:19 am 3550-3650 MHz? Isn’t that part of the ham allocation? I almost dies when I read that :-) Report comment Reply Benjy says: August 15, 2016 at 8:22 am Duh! I’m confusing my KHz’s with my MHz’s :-) Report comment Reply Scott_Tx says: August 15, 2016 at 9:48 am all the speeds of dial up with the convenience of wireless! Report comment Reply Lord Nothing says: August 15, 2016 at 10:13 am does this mean my future as a code bum is secure? Report comment Reply mixadj says: August 15, 2016 at 10:55 am No, we have 3.3 Ghz to 3.5 Ghz. Ubiquiti actually made some gear you could use on those frequencies. Unfortunately it seems the radios are extremely hard to find now. Report comment Reply Al says: August 15, 2016 at 2:10 pm I said this when they passed this law allowing the “HAM” bands to be used by other devices. This is going to totally mess up NON-Government controlled communications. It will jam the “Ham” bands with so much noise they would be useless for communication. Report comment Reply mkomarinski says: August 15, 2016 at 5:43 am So is the idea that this covers up to the last mile and there’d still be a cable coming on prem, or that there’d be a box similar to my FIOS ONT located in my basement? Report comment Reply maine coon #kæt (@dakotathekat) says: August 15, 2016 at 5:48 am From reviewing the FCC docs it sounds like this is going to just be straight LTE, since they reference deploying eNodeBs (part of a standard LTE network). There’s also a Spectrum Access System they are working on (source: http://www.its.bldrdoc.gov/media/66165/marshall.pdf) to manage frequency coordination on CBRS for these devices. Report comment Reply Dodo says: August 15, 2016 at 1:18 pm Normally it will be technology neutral. Due to LTEs prevalence many people now refer to a base station as ‘eNodeB’. I have even read the term eNodeB being used in a (non-technical) presentation about WiMax, refering to the WiMax base stations (ASNs, IIRC) Report comment Reply cq cq cq de #kæt (@dakotathekat) says: August 15, 2016 at 3:40 pm I think this is more likely LTE if only because of the SAS presentation link — eg, slide 4: “Integrated SAS with LTE NMS/EPC…” Report comment Reply scifimatt says: August 15, 2016 at 1:35 pm Typically “Last Mile” means that they will have a high speed connection (such as fiber) going to your neighborhood. But instead of running one line to each house they will beam the signal wirelessly. This means you will likely have an antenna on top of your house instead of a box in your basement. Last mile connections are a big deal to service providers because it represents a huge portion of infrastructure costs. Report comment Reply OH2FTG says: August 15, 2016 at 11:14 am I wonder if Google does QSL for reception reports of the 3.5GHz CW tone. A C-band PLL LNB + RTL-SDR should be all it takes to receive it in the coverage areas. Report comment Reply Abhi says: August 16, 2016 at 1:04 am I am a little out of numbers. On the link provided, FCC document says, in the title section: ‘Operations in the 3550-3650 MHz Band’ and in the description section: ‘Rules To Make Up To 150 Megahertz Of Spectrum’ No matter how many times I try, I get it as 100 Mhz ( ;) I even tried using a calculator. :) ) Report comment Reply laup_x says: August 17, 2016 at 9:16 am The band is from 3550-3700. Report comment Reply Skepptikk says: August 16, 2016 at 3:38 am Train wreck about to happen. End result when you have more lawyers running a federal agency than qualified RF/Electrical engineers. Ironic that the name “Citizens Band….” was chosen. Flashback to the chaos in the 1970’s and the gradual unusable wasteland 11 meters became. A telling harbinger of the future. Not unlike the FCC allowing Nextel to takeover the private SMR’s on 800 mhz, and in the process totally obliterating public safety 800 trunked systems with RFI. Causing further headaches and “re-banding” to solve a problem that never should have existed in the first place. Again, train wreck … wait for it … wait for it. Report comment Reply Chuckt says: August 16, 2016 at 5:02 am “computer systems can act like spectrum traffic cops.” I guess more ways for big brother to listen in on us. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it Automate the Freight: Robotic Deliveries Are on the Way 38 Comments Iron Tips: Soldering Headphones and Enamel Wire 58 Comments Showing Off the Badge Hacks from SuperCon No comments A Rebel Alliance for Internet of Things Standards 31 Comments The BASIC Issue With Retro Computers 84 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns Fail Of The Week: Talking Chinese Calculator Synth Orchestra 5 Comments Squoze Your Data 33 Comments The Future Travels Of The Travelling Hackerbox 18 Comments Step Up to the 1 kB Challenge 101 Comments Hackaday Links: November 20, 2016 11 Comments More from this category Recent comments duckythescientist on “Alexa, Make My ESP8266 Do Something” duckythescientist on “Alexa, Make My ESP8266 Do Something” Mbc on Iron Tips: Soldering Headphones and Enamel Wire Jan on Automate the Freight: Robotic Deliveries Are on the Way Boz on Step Up to the 1 kB Challenge DV82XL on Automate the Freight: Robotic Deliveries Are on the Way Mark on Automate the Freight: Robotic Deliveries Are on the Way Reg on Build Your Own EMI Probes Mark on Automate the Freight: Robotic Deliveries Are on the Way Reg on Build Your Own EMI Probes Now on Hackaday.io spcfamily liked Automated IoT compost. spcfamily liked Discrete watchdog. JENNIFER LA LOKA liked 5 Axis Robot Arm. JENNIFER LA LOKA liked Electric Car Conversion. JENNIFER LA LOKA liked EV Commuter Longboard. /dev/null has added a new log for AttinyRGB. Evan M liked Supercapacitor powered LED jewelry. JENNIFER LA LOKA liked Arduino Glasses a HMD for Multimeter. /dev/null has updated components for the project titled AttinyRGB. /dev/null has updated the project titled AttinyRGB. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2016 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is building a new operating system Rob Price Aug. 15, 2016, 6:18 AM 81,646 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google CEO Sundar Pichai.Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Google is working on a new operating system — and it has nothing to do with Android. A page has surfaced on the code-sharing website GitHub about the new OS, called — for now, at least — Fuchsia. It's not based on Android, the California-based technology company's mobile operating system used in billions of smartphones around the world, nor does it build upon the Linux kernel. The GitHub page is pretty sparse on explainers: Its description is simply, "Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System)." There has been no official announcement from Google, and it sounds as if the open-source project is in its early days. "The decision was made to build it open source, so might as well start there from the beginning," Google employee Brian Swetland said in an IRC chatlog shared on Hacker News. "Things will eventually be public, documented, and announced, just not yet," another person said. Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment by Business Insider. We then come to the billion-dollar question: What is Fuchsia actually for? Short answer: We don't know, but there is already plenty of speculation. The tech blog Android Police, which was one of the first to report on the existence of the OS, thinks it might have applications in the Internet of Things. Linux (and Android) isn't ideal for a lot of uses that don't involve traditional computers; as wider technology becomes increasingly linked to the internet, it makes sense that Google would make a play with its own operating system, just as it did (with great success) in mobile. It is worth noting that Fuchsia isn't limited to the IoT: Android Police took a look at the OS's documentation, and noticed that its "Magenta" kernel is designed to work on as varied systems as "embedded devices," mobile devices, and desktop computers. Some users on Hacker News (with little hard evidence) are guessing that it might be used for augmented reality. "You want an RTOS for loss and predictable latency. And current GUIs aren't really suited to 3D environments you can walk around inside," Ansible speculates. "This is Google's next Android, with a low latency rendering pipeline for the next generation of mobile devices." It's also possible that Google will use it to replace and unify Android and Chrome OS, the company's two operating systems that run on mobile and laptops respectively. Over at PC World, Nick Mediati explores this idea: "One possibility I see is where Google uses Fuchsia instead of Linux as the underpinnings for next-generation versions of Chrome OS and Android. That is, both would use some form of Fuchsia — or the Magenta kernel — as the underlying basis of the two operating systems (as well as the operating system for other Google devices such as the Chromecast)." Fuchsia could be nothing, an interesting project from Google employees that never makes it to a commercial release. Or it could be the seeds of Google's next major play: a unification of its existing operating systems and a push into the next generation of computing platforms. One thing we know for sure is that it's worth watching closely. NOW WATCH: Scientists have discovered why American honey bees are turning into zombies Loading video... More: Google Android Google Fuchsia facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is building a new operating system Google is building a new operating system Google is working on a new operating system... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Google Google Nexus Sailfish spotted in wild? Leaked photos claim first look at new smartphone Photos claim to show one of two HTC-made Google Nexus smartphones tipped to arrive in October this year. By Owen Hughes August 15, 2016 11:55 BST The photos are said to show the smaller of the two new Google Nexus smartphones, codenamed MarlinAndroid Police A possible glimpse of what could be the Google Nexus Sailfish appears to have leaked online in a series of bare-all shots that show off the upcoming handset from the front, back and sides. The images, obtained by Android Police, mark the first time the HTC-made smartphone has been seen in the flesh, as opposed to artist renderings. Google is widely expected to release two Nexus smartphones in 2016, which have been codenamed Sailfish and Marlin. The handsets are said to look practically identical but will differ in size and hardware, with the high-end Marlin sitting alongside the smaller, entry-level Sailfish. The photos, which purportedly depict the latter device, show off a metallic handset with a two-tone back panel. The camera module and fingerprint scanner are set in what looks like either a glass or glossy plastic pane, similar to what we've seen in previous leaks. The front of the device is buttonless, with the side-mounted power button and volume rocker making up the handset's only physical keys. The photos fit pretty perfectly with what we've seen so far from other leaks, and Android Police is confident that the images are the real deal. They also match up to an image spotted by Twitter users over the weekend, pictured below, which appears to show one of the new Nexus smartphones being used in the wild. Both the Nexus Sailfish and Nexus Marlin are expected to arrive in Q3 – potentially 4 October – which is when Google traditionally announces its new Nexus products. Both handsets will arrive running Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box and are tipped to feature Qualcomm Snapdragon processors, 4GB RAM and either 32 or 128GB storage. The main differentiators are said to lie in the screen size and battery capacities of the respective devices, with the Sailfish sporting a 5in 1080p panel and 2,770mAh battery and the Marlin boasting a larger and sharper 5.5in QHD AMOLED screen, powered by a 3450mAh juice pack. More tech news from IBTimes UK Qualcomm announces fastest-ever Snapdragon 821 processor for upcoming flagship smartphones Google planning new launcher for HTC Nexus 2016 Marlin and Sailfish, suggests leak Google says goodbye to annoying spam callers with update to block and report numbers The 2016 HTC Nexus looks like a cross between the Nexus 4 & iPhone with glass and fingerprint scanner on the back. pic.twitter.com/7pm9fhszki— nexus (@usbfl) August 14, 2016 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2... What is the Snooper's Charter and should you be worried? Here's everything you need to know The Investigatory Powers Bill will be signed into UK law later this... Black Friday: Best washing machine deals and home appliance discounts The biggest and best discounts on home appliance and white goods from... Don't crucify our geeks: Why Lauri Love's extradition is setting a dangerous precedent Accused of hacking FBI and Nasa systems, Love faces the prospect of... Telegram takes on Tumblr and Medium with anonymous blogging tool called Telegraph Ultra-secure blog site supports embedded content, photos and markdown... Sony accused of censoring negative feedback on its Bravia TVs ahead of Black Friday sales rush Sony has reportedly deleted threads raising issues with its 4K Bravia... Tor Phone: Privacy activists developing super private and secure version of Android Tor Project launching new version of Tor-enabled Android phone... Apple and Samsung must block phone use while driving, urge road safety regulators US road safety agency issues guidelines for phone makers to curb... Snooper's Charter spy law could be 'badly misused' by a future government expert warns Academic Paul Bernal slammed UK Labour Party for 'political... Google may reach settlement with Indonesia over its back taxes - Report As per an earlier calculation, Indonesia might have to pay a tax bill... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Special Report Iran-backed Shia militias tried to launch a charm offensive - but Isis had other ideas About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
null
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Thursday November 24, 2016 Life & Style Technology Larger / SmallerNight Mode Ten times faster than NBN: DGtek brings gigabit fibre to Aussie suburbs Adam Turner 15 Aug 2016, 8:44 p.m. Following the lead of Google in the US, Melbourne telco DGtek is launching a 1 Gbps suburban GPON fibre service this month to serve homes and businesses hungry for bandwidth. Ten times faster than NBN: DGtek brings gigabit fibre to Aussie suburbs DGtek chief operating officer Eli Bekker. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Following the lead of Google in the US, Melbourne telco DGtek is launching a 1 Gbps suburban GPON fibre service this month to serve homes and businesses hungry for bandwidth. The service will begin connecting customers at the end of August, starting in the beachside suburb of Elwood and extending across Melbourne's densely-populated inner south-eastern suburbs. DGtek is also evaluating plans to extend to Adelaide and Sydney, along with regional Victoria starting with Geelong. The first stage of the rollout will extend from the DGtek offices in Brighton Road, Elwood – stretching along the bay from Alma Street, St Kilda down to Elsternwick Park, reaching as far inland as Ripponlea train station. Similar to the HFC cable broadband rollouts of the 1990s, the fibre rollout will rely on overhead cables strung below power lines. Whereas the HFC cable rollouts bypassed some homes and streets, DGtek is aiming for 100 per cent availability within its coverage footprint. Rather than relying on fibre-to-the-basement, the rollout will run fibre connections directly to each dwelling in apartment blocks with fewer than 100 dwellings. Connection fees range from $275 to $500, with monthly no-contract plans starting at $80 per month for 250 GB of data at 100/100 Mbps speeds and going up to $150 per month for unlimited data at 1000/1000 Mbps. As for the NBN, Elwood is still classified as "not currently available" on the rollout maps. The area has some HFC coverage but there is no indication as to when the nationwide network will reach the suburb and which technologies it will use. DGtek's rollout will rely on Gigabit Passive Optical Networks (GPON) to deliver 1 Gbps upload and download speeds, similar to the Google Fiber rollouts in several cities across the US, says DGtek founder David Klizhov. Klizhov has been previously involved in Gigabit GPON fibre rollouts in Russia and moved to Australia 10 years ago to found DGtek. Initially an IT services company, it has been planning its Melbourne fibre rollout for the past two years. "The NBN won't be in the Elwood area for another several years and it's only promising speeds of up to 100 Mbps," Klizhov says. "You have to build networks looking to the future and I think in the next few years all the applications we use will demand more bandwidth." "If we build a 100/100 Mbps network today it will be old in a few years and it won't meet all of people's requirements. We're going to start with 1 gigabit speeds using GPON, but XGPON supports 10 gigabits over the same piece of fibre – so we'll be able to upgrade our speeds in the future." GPON is also used by the fibre-to-the-premises sections of the NBN, although currently it only delivers 100 Mbps download speeds and 40 Mbps uploads to most users. One Australian ISP, SkyMesh, offers 100/100 Mbps NBN fibre connections in some areas by taking advantage of the NBN's 250/100 Mbps plans – which aren't offered by Retail Service Providers so generally aren't available to the public – and capping the download speed. The NBN aims to introduce 1 Gbps download speeds on HFC cable sections of the NBN in 2017. Plans to offer 1 Gbps fibre NBN connections were announced in 2013 but were shelved after the change of federal government. A trial saw a handful of premises access 1 Gbps NBN fibre, but consumers can't sign up for 1 Gbps fibre plans. Another key difference between the NBN and DGtek GPON rollouts is that DGtek is building its own exchange centres rather than relying on Telstra's telephone exchanges as central points. This makes it easier for DGtek to manage and maintain the network from end premises all the way back to the network backbone. DGtek joins a growing number of entrepreneurial Australian services, such as Lightning Broadband, which are looking to get a jump on the NBN by deploying high-speed broadband in bandwidth-starved suburbs. DGtek has obtained both retail and wholesale Australian broadband carrier licenses – so while it will sign up its own broadband customers it will also allow other internet service providers to sign up customers via its fibre network. This month the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ruled that high-speed fixed-line broadband networks can no longer be monopolies and must offer wholesale access to other internet service providers. "We welcome other retail internet providers but we have some rules which they must follow," says DGtek chief operating officer Eli Bekker. "For example they must offer a fair and auditable billing system as well as proper tech support for customers if they want to use our fibre network." "We believe fibre is the best technology for the job and we're happy to share that network as long as the end customer still gets a fair deal." Follow Digital Life on Twitter The story Ten times faster than NBN: DGtek brings gigabit fibre to Aussie suburbs first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Jamie Murphy released after Bali police chief confirms drugs test 'negative' Mall and all – buyer found for GPT site | interactive 'For many years I was embarrassed and ashamed': Labor MP Emma Husar reveals history of domestic violence Labor MP Emma Husar's full speech: 'I am a survivor of family violence' Margaret Cunneen's prayers answered: ICAC commissioner Megan Latham resigns Editor's Picks Extra-supermoon rising this month | photos Hunter Sporting Hall of Fame grows bigger | photos Popular Horse float for dogs and cats Parents group fears for future of camps FLASHBACK FRIDAY: When the Knights mopped up Melbourne in the finals | photos THROWBACK THURSDAY: Danny Buderus through the years NHRU: Wanderers VS Merewether | video Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. Live coverage: Day 15 of the Royal Commission public hearing into Newcastle Anglican diocese Rolling coverage of the Newcastle Royal Commission public hearing into child sexual abuse. Herald Half-Time: Episode 7 CAN the Jets overcome their horrid early season injury toll? Hunter fish files | PHOTOS There’s some mighty big fish in here! Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2016. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Find Local Products & Services Newspapers in Education Forms Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
null
Mittwoch, 23.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Shoal Games Ltd. Announces Second Quarter Results 15.08.2016 | 12:04 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Shoal Games Ltd. Announces Second Quarter Results ANGUILLA, BRITISH WEST INDIES -- (Marketwired) -- 08/15/16 -- Shoal Games Ltd. (TSX VENTURE: SGW)(OTCQB: SGLDF) http://www.shoalgames.com ("the Company"), owner of Trophy Bingo (http://www.trophybingo.com), a mobile game live in the Apple, Google and Amazon App Stores, and Garfield's Bingo, currently in production and scheduled for a Q4 2016 release, today announced its unaudited financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2016. All amounts are presented in United States dollars and are in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Recent Shoal Games Ltd. highlights include: --  During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Company closed two private
    placements for 3,337,934 common shares at $0.60 per share which raised
    proceeds of CAD$2,002,760.
--  Total Net Revenue for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, was $77,821.
--  Sales and marketing expenses were $166,758 for the quarter ended June
    30, 2016. a decrease of 17% from sales and marketing expenses of
    $201,587 in the first quarter of 2016.
--  The Company licensed the brand rights to produce Garfield's Bingo, the
    first ever bingo game to feature Garfield.
--  The Company reduced marketing expenditures for Trophy Bingo as it
    repositions its focus to Garfield's Bingo targeting North American,
    South American, and Asian markets.

 "During the second quarter of 2016, after obtaining a license to the Garfield brand, we changed our short term focus from marketing to development to position the Company behind the soon-to-be-released 'Garfield's Bingo' product," said Jason Williams, the Company's CEO. "We reduced our marketing spend on Trophy Bingo while still continuing to release new features for the game which will enhance the underlying mobile bingo platform that both Trophy Bingo and Garfield's Bingo are built. Market conditions are challenging for new brands like Trophy Bingo as generating critical mass without the assistance of global brand recognition takes time. With the launch of Garfield's Bingo quickly approaching, Shoal management determined the correct short term strategy was to divert resources from marketing Trophy Bingo and to increase development investments to ensure Garfield's Bingo would launch as quickly as possible and with as many new features as possible." "We've developed an incredible mobile bingo game that players love, monetizes well, and engages bingo fans for months on end." said Williams. "We believe that by combining our innovative mobile bingo platform with Garfield's global brand recognition and popularity, we'll be well positioned to capture a significant portion of the mobile free-2-play bingo market estimated at over US$150 million per annum. Furthermore, while Western markets are important to Shoal's success, Garfield's popularity in the Asian region provides a host of new opportunities for product features and distribution arrangements." Total revenue, net of platform fees to Apple, Google and Amazon, for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, was $77,821, an increase from revenue of $6,253 for second quarter of 2015 and a decrease from revenue of $110,559, in the first quarter of 2016. The increase in total revenue compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2015, is due to the Company launching a full global release of a feature complete Trophy Bingo in the Google Play and Apple App Store in the latter half of the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and an increase in players playing Trophy Bingo. The decrease in total revenue compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016, is due to fewer players playing throughout the quarter due to a lower marketing budget whilst the Company prepares for the launch of new features in Trophy Bingo and the launch of Garfield's Bingo in early Q4 2016. Sales and marketing expenses were $166,758 for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, an increase over expenses of $28,862 in the second quarter of 2015 and a decrease of 17% from sales and marketing expenses of $201,587 in the first quarter of 2016. This increase in sales and marketing expenses in the quarter ended June 30, 2016, compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2015 was due to the marketing expenses required to acquire players for the Trophy Bingo game. The decrease in selling and marketing expenses in the quarter ended June 30, 2016 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016, was due to a reduced marketing budget whilst the Company prepares for the launch of planned new features in Trophy Bingo to meet active player demand, to complete the final development of Garfield's Bingo, and to prepare for the launch of Garfield's Bingo in Q4. Selling and marketing expenses principally include publishing services and user acquisition costs to acquire players. The net loss after taxation for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, amounted to ($620,968), a loss of ($0.01) per share, compared to a net loss from continuing operations of ($666,512) or ($0.01) per share in the quarter ending June 30, 2015 and net loss from continuing operations of ($633,868), or ($0.01) per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. We had cash of $187,516 and working capital of $954,319 at June 30, 2016. This compares to cash of $570,086 and working capital of $454,447 at December 31, 2015. For full details of the Company's operations and financial results, please refer to the Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov or the Shoal Games Ltd. corporate website at http://investor.shoalgames.com or on the www.sedar.com website. About Shoal Games Ltd. Shoal Games Ltd. (TSX VENTURE: SGW)(OTCQB: SGLDF) http://www.shoalgames.com is the parent company of the group of companies, which owns Trophy Bingo (http://www.trophybingo.com), live in the Apple, Google and Amazon App Stores, and Garfield's Bingo, in production and scheduled for a Q4 2016 release. Both games bring unique gameplay and industry leading monetization techniques to the bingo category which is both high growth and high value. Garfield's Bingo, once released, and Trophy Bingo are free to download and earn revenue through in-app purchases and in-game advertising. Shoal Games Ltd. trades on the TSX Venture exchange in Canada and the OTCQB venture marketplace for companies that are current in their reporting with the U.S. regulator. Investors can find real time quotes and market information for the Company at http://web.tmxmoney.com/quote.php?qm_symbol=SGW and http://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/SGLDF/quote. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. Certain information included in this press release (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by the company) contains statements that are forward-looking, such as statements relating to anticipated future success of the company. Such forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future and, accordingly, such results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the company. For a description of additional risks and uncertainties, please refer to the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Specifically, readers should read the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 17, 2016, and the prospectus filed under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on March 9, 2005 and the SB2 filed July 17, 2007, and the TSX Venture Exchange Listing Application for Common Shares filed on June 29, 2015 on SEDAR, for a more thorough discussion of the Company's financial position and results of operations, together with a detailed discussion of the risk factors involved in an investment in Shoal Games Ltd. Contacts: Shoal Games Ltd. Henry Bromley CFO (888) 374-2163 ir@shoalgames.com www.shoalgames.com © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room Shoal Games Ltd. TSX VENTURE : SGW OTCQB : SGLDF August 15, 2016 06:00 ET Shoal Games Ltd. Announces Second Quarter Results ANGUILLA, BRITISH WEST INDIES--(Marketwired - Aug. 15, 2016) - Shoal Games Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:SGW)(OTCQB:SGLDF) http://www.shoalgames.com ("the Company"), owner of Trophy Bingo (http://www.trophybingo.com), a mobile game live in the Apple, Google and Amazon App Stores, and Garfield's Bingo, currently in production and scheduled for a Q4 2016 release, today announced its unaudited financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2016. All amounts are presented in United States dollars and are in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Recent Shoal Games Ltd. highlights include: During the quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Company closed two private placements for 3,337,934 common shares at $0.60 per share which raised proceeds of CAD$2,002,760. Total Net Revenue for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, was $77,821. Sales and marketing expenses were $166,758 for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. a decrease of 17% from sales and marketing expenses of $201,587 in the first quarter of 2016. The Company licensed the brand rights to produce Garfield's Bingo, the first ever bingo game to feature Garfield. The Company reduced marketing expenditures for Trophy Bingo as it repositions its focus to Garfield's Bingo targeting North American, South American, and Asian markets. "During the second quarter of 2016, after obtaining a license to the Garfield brand, we changed our short term focus from marketing to development to position the Company behind the soon-to-be-released 'Garfield's Bingo' product," said Jason Williams, the Company's CEO. "We reduced our marketing spend on Trophy Bingo while still continuing to release new features for the game which will enhance the underlying mobile bingo platform that both Trophy Bingo and Garfield's Bingo are built. Market conditions are challenging for new brands like Trophy Bingo as generating critical mass without the assistance of global brand recognition takes time. With the launch of Garfield's Bingo quickly approaching, Shoal management determined the correct short term strategy was to divert resources from marketing Trophy Bingo and to increase development investments to ensure Garfield's Bingo would launch as quickly as possible and with as many new features as possible." "We've developed an incredible mobile bingo game that players love, monetizes well, and engages bingo fans for months on end." said Williams. "We believe that by combining our innovative mobile bingo platform with Garfield's global brand recognition and popularity, we'll be well positioned to capture a significant portion of the mobile free-2-play bingo market estimated at over US$150 million per annum. Furthermore, while Western markets are important to Shoal's success, Garfield's popularity in the Asian region provides a host of new opportunities for product features and distribution arrangements." Total revenue, net of platform fees to Apple, Google and Amazon, for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, was $77,821, an increase from revenue of $6,253 for second quarter of 2015 and a decrease from revenue of $110,559, in the first quarter of 2016. The increase in total revenue compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2015, is due to the Company launching a full global release of a feature complete Trophy Bingo in the Google Play and Apple App Store in the latter half of the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and an increase in players playing Trophy Bingo. The decrease in total revenue compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016, is due to fewer players playing throughout the quarter due to a lower marketing budget whilst the Company prepares for the launch of new features in Trophy Bingo and the launch of Garfield's Bingo in early Q4 2016. Sales and marketing expenses were $166,758 for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, an increase over expenses of $28,862 in the second quarter of 2015 and a decrease of 17% from sales and marketing expenses of $201,587 in the first quarter of 2016. This increase in sales and marketing expenses in the quarter ended June 30, 2016, compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2015 was due to the marketing expenses required to acquire players for the Trophy Bingo game. The decrease in selling and marketing expenses in the quarter ended June 30, 2016 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016, was due to a reduced marketing budget whilst the Company prepares for the launch of planned new features in Trophy Bingo to meet active player demand, to complete the final development of Garfield's Bingo, and to prepare for the launch of Garfield's Bingo in Q4. Selling and marketing expenses principally include publishing services and user acquisition costs to acquire players. The net loss after taxation for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, amounted to ($620,968), a loss of ($0.01) per share, compared to a net loss from continuing operations of ($666,512) or ($0.01) per share in the quarter ending June 30, 2015 and net loss from continuing operations of ($633,868), or ($0.01) per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. We had cash of $187,516 and working capital of $954,319 at June 30, 2016. This compares to cash of $570,086 and working capital of $454,447 at December 31, 2015. For full details of the Company's operations and financial results, please refer to the Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov or the Shoal Games Ltd. corporate website at http://investor.shoalgames.com or on the www.sedar.com website. About Shoal Games Ltd. Shoal Games Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:SGW)(OTCQB:SGLDF) http://www.shoalgames.com is the parent company of the group of companies, which owns Trophy Bingo (http://www.trophybingo.com), live in the Apple, Google and Amazon App Stores, and Garfield's Bingo, in production and scheduled for a Q4 2016 release. Both games bring unique gameplay and industry leading monetization techniques to the bingo category which is both high growth and high value. Garfield's Bingo, once released, and Trophy Bingo are free to download and earn revenue through in-app purchases and in-game advertising. Shoal Games Ltd. trades on the TSX Venture exchange in Canada and the OTCQB venture marketplace for companies that are current in their reporting with the U.S. regulator. Investors can find real time quotes and market information for the Company at http://web.tmxmoney.com/quote.php?qm_symbol=SGW and http://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/SGLDF/quote. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. Certain information included in this press release (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by the company) contains statements that are forward-looking, such as statements relating to anticipated future success of the company. Such forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future and, accordingly, such results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the company. For a description of additional risks and uncertainties, please refer to the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Specifically, readers should read the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 17, 2016, and the prospectus filed under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on March 9, 2005 and the SB2 filed July 17, 2007, and the TSX Venture Exchange Listing Application for Common Shares filed on June 29, 2015 on SEDAR, for a more thorough discussion of the Company's financial position and results of operations, together with a detailed discussion of the risk factors involved in an investment in Shoal Games Ltd. Contact Information Shoal Games Ltd. Henry Bromley CFO (888) 374-2163 ir@shoalgames.com www.shoalgames.com   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies With Wife Hannah Bagshawe Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA Entertainment 2016-11-22 Shannen Doherty Confirms ‘Heathers’ TV Land Role, Will Winona Ryder Join In? Entertainment 2016-11-22 Serena Williams Goes From Lewis Hamilton To Ex-Boyfriend Common, Tennis Player Courts Pop Culture With Beyonce On Instagram To Grow Net Worth News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Opinion 2016-11-23 Fifth Harmony Follows In The Dixie Chicks’ Footsteps By Mixing Success And Politics [Opinion] News 2016-11-23 Two Airlines Hit With Pilot Strike: Lufthansa Cancels Almost 900 Flights While DHL And Amazon Shipments Could Be Delayed Over Black Friday Weekend Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Big Upcoming Creative Plans For Sasha Banks & Dana Brooke Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Reason Why WWE Announced Goldberg For The ‘WWE Royal Rumble’ So Early Revealed Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Arsenal Vs. PSG: Live Streaming, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Rockefeller Center Tree 2016: A Tannenbaum Tradition Lights Up Manhattan’s Holiday Spirit SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss YesJulz On Sex Tape Link Leak: ‘I Am Devastated That This Video Was Leaked’ Celebrity News 2 0 0 August 13, 2016 YesJulz On Sex Tape Link Leak: ‘I Am Devastated That This Video Was Leaked’ Paula Mooney According to Google Trends, the name “YesJulz” is trending with more than 100,000 searches for terms like “YesJulz sex tape” and “YesJulz sextape” coming into Google on Saturday, August 13. The real name of “YesJulz” is Julieanna Goddard. pic.twitter.com/3r3ejbedWi — Julz (@YesJulz) August 13, 2016 “YesJulz” is best known as an internet personality, with Goddard being dubbed the “Snapchat Queen” by those who follow her. Beyond folks wanting to know the real name of “YesJulz,” along with the age of “YesJulz” — she is 26, according to Fox News — there are now those searching for Goddard’s naked videos and photos. The social media following of “YesJulz” will likely grow in the wake of this latest saga of the sex tape. With more than 134,000 followers on Twitter, more than 403,000 Instagram followers — and approximately 300,000 or more followers on the “YesJulz” Snapchat, which falls under the handle “YesJulz,” Goddard is creating big buzz online. The sex video controversy began recently when the Queen of Snapchat was the victim of extortion, reports New York Daily News, after 28-year-old Hencha Voigt and 33-year-old Wesley Victor were arrested. Voigt and Victor tried to get $18,000 out of “YesJulz,” giving Goddard only 24 hours to pay them — or suffer the wrath of nude photos hitting the web if “YesJulz” didn’t pay the Florida model and her friend, according to the Daily Mail. You know the drill ???? @henchavoigtfitness #HenchaVoigtFitness A photo posted by ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ʜᴇɴᴄʜᴀ ᴠᴏɪɢᴛ (@henyvbaby) on Aug 12, 2016 at 1:23pm PDT Voigt is from the reality TV show WAGS, which stands for “wives and girlfriend of sports.” She is also a fitness maven — but some commenting on her Instagram account are asking her for the link to the “YesJulz” sex tape. “YesJulz” was sent some of her nude photos, just so the duo could prove that they had naked photos of her. Instead of kowtowing to their demands, Goddard got in touch with authorities. Miami Beach police then acted to arrest the two for trying to extort the social media celebrity, who rose to fame from her promotions of clubs in South Beach, like LIV and Story. [Image via Shutterstock]Not only did Voigt and Victor have naked photos of “YesJulz,” they also claimed to have sex videos of “YesJulz,” with the South Florida residents issuing threats to leak them all online. “YesJulz” was credited with outsmarting the folks who tried to extort her — perhaps not realizing that extortion was illegal — but somehow it appears that the “YesJulz” sex tape has been leaked online anyway, at least according to the searches Google is tracking — and the websites actually publishing the sex videos. Also, according to the Instagram account of “YesJulz,” the sex tape leaked was one that she made with an ex-boyfriend. “I am devastated that this video was intentionally leaked. It was an old tape I made previously with an ex-boyfriend over a year ago. It wasn’t my choice for this to be shared and I am taking all legal action necessary. And although I was violated and exploited, I will not let this destroy me. I have worked too hard and have far more to accomplish. I thank those of my friends and peers who have offered support. I am ready to move on and ask everyone to respect my privacy and do that same.” As seen on the Google Trends report, people are doing anything but moving on. Instead, Google is reporting the “breakout” terms being searched for in relation to the sex tape. Those “YesJulz” queries include those searching for “YesJulz moan” and “AKA Rambo” (Diego Ramos) and “Julz tape.” Googlers are also searching for the exact “YesJulz tape link” and all sorts of related queries. [Image via Shutterstock]Meanwhile, comments of support and criticism and coming into social media about the “YesJulz” sex tape leak. “100% support to @YesJulz. Stay strong. You’ve worked hard & some tape isn’t gonna discredit all the work you put in. Keep killin it #respect.” “If your moan sound anything like yesjulz unfollow me now.” [Image via Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Alicia Silverstone Takes It All Off Again Now Read This: Minho, K-Pop Idol Of SHINee, Reveals He Learned To Smoke For K-Movie ‘Derailed’ But Was Able To Successfully Quit After Production Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Paula Mooney Tags: YesJulz Comments LATEST HEADLINES Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Victoria’s Secret 2016 Black Friday Ad Leaked: News On This Year’s Deals Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder Minho, K-Pop Idol Of SHINee, Reveals He Learned To Smoke For K-Movie ‘Derailed’ But Was Able To Successfully Quit After Production ‘Pokemon Go’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Is Selena Gomez Sick Of 2016 Links To Justin Bieber As She Fights Lupus Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies With Wife Hannah Bagshawe Top 5 Best ‘The Vampire Diaries’ Villains Ever To Appear Bethenny Frankel Pokes Fun Of Melania Trump As A ‘RHONY’ Housewife: What’s Her Tag Line? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.3k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.6k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.5k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.7k 0 0 Recent Headlines Mia Khalifa Gives Thanks: Will She Fulfill Her Promise? 0 0 0 WWE News: Reason Why WWE Announced Goldberg For The ‘WWE Royal Rumble’ So Early Revealed 0 0 0 Nikki Haley Named As Trump’s United Nations Ambassador 0 0 0 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft 0 0 0 Champions League Preview, Arsenal Vs. PSG: Live Streaming, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips 0 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’ Spoilers: Matt Says Amy Is A ‘Burden,’ Important Employee Gets Deported 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
News Photos Ticket Sports Obits E-Edition Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Tech for kids going to college, from phones to food Monday Aug 15, 2016 at 2:00 AM By Brian X. Chen When Vanessa Arreola, 18, starts her freshman year at Stanford University this fall, the top item on her back-to-school wish list is a MacBook Pro. She said she wouldn’t consider a tablet because she prefers a traditional keyboard. She relies on apps like Google Docs for documents and Google Slides for presentations, which are available through a web browser. “A tablet is just like your cellphone, but bigger,” she said. “I don’t see a point of getting a tablet.” But Claire Ashcroft, 19, who studies public health at Brigham Young University in Idaho, said the opposite. Half of her textbooks are digitized, and she uses apps like Microsoft Excel and Word — so her ideal school device would be a Windows machine with a touch screen, like a Microsoft Surface tablet. The polarizing responses illustrate how back-to-school shopping for technology gadgets has become increasingly complex for parents. Then there are the different types of software and tools students use, like flashcard apps or readers for digital textbooks, some of which are for mobile devices and others for computers. To make back-to-school season easier, parents should have a conversation with their children about what devices and which operating system to buy based on their student’s area of studies and the apps they use. I also compiled a guide after testing dozens of products and interviewing five college students. (Some items would also be a good fit for high schoolers.) Laptop versus tablet The students I polled were split on whether a laptop or tablet would be the best study tool. In general, students in science-oriented fields would probably benefit from a laptop, which can handle multitasking more easily and run more powerful apps than tablets. For designers and liberal arts majors who are using more lightweight apps for writing essays or drawing sketches, a tablet may be a better fit.   For students in science-oriented fields, like Arreola, the $899 MacBook Air stood out as the most versatile and convenient computer. It can run both the Mac and Windows operating systems, weighs only 2.4 pounds and has at least nine hours of battery life. It also has an excellent keyboard and ports for plugging in accessories like a display, mouse or phone charger. For those seeking a tablet, devices like the $599 iPad Pro or $499 Microsoft Surface 3 should work well. The ability to remove the keyboard for reading digital books or to use a stylus to make drawings would come in handy. Smartphones Chances are that your son or daughter already has a smartphone. But if they have a hand-me-down, four-year-old iPhone or Android device, it may be a good time to get a speedier, more capable phone.   The best ones on the market come from Apple and Samsung Electronics: the iPhone 6s and Samsung Galaxy S7. Which one you pick should partly depend on your child’s computing device, since iPhones are more tightly integrated with Apple devices and Android devices generally mesh better with Windows computers. If price is a concern — high-end phones that cost roughly $700 — there are plenty of excellent lower-tier smartphones. The iPhone SE, which has most of the same guts as the iPhone 6s but a smaller, 4-inch screen, is a solid option at $399. For Android devices, I like Huawei’s Nexus 6P, which also costs $399. It has a nice look and feel and works with Project Fi, Google’s low-cost cellular service. I also recommend a battery pack to give smartphones more juice throughout the day. Anker’s PowerCore Slim 5000 is about $20 and provides about two full charges to a smartphone in a compact battery pack. Audio accessories High-quality audio gear is a sound investment for students. Roommates can be loud distractions from schoolwork and sleep, plus a bit of music can ease the pain of typing out a tedious essay.   That makes it worthwhile to invest in a pair of noise-canceling headphones. My favorite set is the Bose QuietComfort 35. They are wireless, comfortable and extremely effective at filtering out noise, plus they sound great. At $350, they are pricey but will provide comfort and nice sound for many years. Another useful audio device is the $180 Amazon Echo, the internet-connected speaker that responds to voice commands. It can stream music from services like Spotify and Pandora and also dictate a student’s calendar events. When set up with an internet-connected power outlet, like TP-Link’s Smart Plug, the Echo could even be used to turn on an electric kettle for boiling water for tea or coffee first thing in the morning, if you say, “Alexa, turn on the kettle.” Coffee and food Speaking of water kettles, a food gadget or two will not go amiss in students’ lives, especially if the devices offer a shortcut to downing some caffeine or gobbling up ramen.   A great electric kettle for quickly boiling water is Bonavita’s $55 BV3825B Gooseneck. The stainless steel kettle can boil up to a liter of water and has a long gooseneck spout that lets you smoothly pour water into a teapot, french press or cup of noodles. For a fast and inexpensive gadget to make coffee, check out the $30 AeroPress. You place the AeroPress chamber on a mug, add one scoop of ground coffee, add hot water and plunge the coffee through a filter into the mug. It makes cheap coffee taste delicious. For heating up food, I recommend a toaster oven instead of a microwave. A well-made toaster oven is not only capable of heating up microwave dinners, but it can also toast bagels and leftover slices of pizza or even roast a chicken leg. Breville’s $150 Mini Smart Oven evenly heats up foods and will get students through times of desperation. In the end, it’s up to students to use their imaginations to get the most out of their back-to-school gear.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services FAQs Contact Us About Us Subscribe Now Vacation Stops/Restarts Manage My Account Submissions News Tips Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Letter to the Editor Business News Announcements Advertising Display an Ad Special Publications Classified Ads Place an Ad Advertise With Us Online Services RSS Feeds Print Archives Mobile App Text Alerts Newsletters Digital Services for Business Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Business Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Sarasota Herald-Tribune ~ 1741 Main St., Sarasota, FL 34236 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Politics Sarasota Lakewood Ranch Venice & North Port Florida Nation & World Election 2016 Politics Political Insider Elections 2016 Sports HT Preps Columns College Pro Auto Racing Ticket Food & Drink Arts Events Music Local Guides Movies Comics Puzzles Crosswords Sudoku TV Listings Movie Listings Lifestyle Health Home & Garden Books Veterans Community News Out and About Columns Opinion Editorials Letters National Columnists Local Columnists Guest Columnists Business Business Weekly Real Estate Columns Personal Finance Obituaries More Photos Photo Archives Videos Weather Mugshots Calendar Investigations Special Projects Public Notices Style Magazine Contests Newsletters Subscriber Subscribe E-Edition Market Place Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Advertise Local Directory Propel Marketing Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications

ntnews premium_icon Facebook social_fb Twitter social_twitter Google plus social_googleplus Email social_email Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Territory Centralian Advocate Crime National World Opinion Video OTT Photos Cyclones Weather Sport Local AFL AFL Supercoach Cricket Rugby League Rugby Union Racing Motor Sport Soccer Golf Tennis Entertainment What's On Movies Music Television Books Competitions Lifestyle Fishing Travel Money Fashion Food Health Home & Garden Parenting Technology Horoscopes Games Business Markets Economy Work Companies Small Business Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor More Business Real Estate More Real Estate Classifieds Tributes Sell Your Stuff Cars & Marine Jobs Property Business Opportunities Celebrations General Notices Place an Ad Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website Jogger found murdered after evening run in New York0:17 30-year-old Karina Vetrano has been found dead after going for an evening run near Howard Beach. Courtesy: PIX11 August 4th 2016 4 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Jogger found murdered after evening run in New York AppleNews / NCA / Lifestyle Running scared: Three young female joggers murdered in nine days. Could they be related? Marnie O’Neill, news.com.auAugust 15, 2016 7:21pm CONTRARY to urban legend, it’s extremely rare in America for a woman to be murdered while jogging; according to crime statistics, she is much more likely to fall victim to a road accident. So when three young female runners are slain in America’s northeast in the space of just nine days people start looking for connections, for evidence of a serial killer at work. There are unsettling parallels between the murders of registered nurse and writer Alexandra “Ally” Brueger, 31, in Michigan on July 30; caterer and blogger Karina Vetrano, 30, in New York City on August 2; and Google employee Vanessa Marcotte in Massachusetts on August 7. Although they occurred in different states, the women were all attractive, petite brunettes (in some photographs, Ms Vetrano and Ms Marcotte could be mistaken for sisters) of a similar age who were attacked while on their daily run. Ms Marcotte and Ms Vetrano share a New York connection; Ms Marcotte was murdered while visiting her mother in the tiny Massachusetts town of Princeton but was based in the Big Apple. She worked at Google’s Chelsea office, which is located just 30 minutes from the New York borough of Queens, where Ms Vetrano was murdered less than a kilometre from her family home. Ms Brueger and Ms Marcotte were slain in small towns where violent crimes are rare compared to the rest of America; Ms Brueger’s murder was the first in Rose Township, Michigan in 20 years while Ms Marcotte’s death was Princeton’s first homicide in nearly three decades. media_cameraMurdered joggers: Google employee Vanessa Marcotte, 27 (left) and hospitality worker and blogger Karina Vetrano, 30 were killed on August 1 and August 7 respectively. media_cameraMurdered jogger: Registered nurse and aspiring writer Ally Brueger, 31 media_cameraState Police walk down the street in Princeton, Massachusetts, after combing the woods for clues to Ms Marcotte’s killer. Picture: David L. Ryan/The Boston Globe via AP “We haven’t ruled anything out in regards to the New York homicide. There are similarities,” Worcester County, Massachusetts District Attorney Joseph D. Early, Jr told reporters on August 9. “We have to let all the evidence, all the facts play out.” Mr Early was not asked about a possible connection to Ms Brueger’s case at the time. Since the weekend, the nurse and aspiring writer's picture has started appearing alongside those of Ms Vetrano and Ms Marcotte in the US press as speculation grows that all three may have been targeted by a serial or copycat killer. However, the crime scenes are also sufficiently different to support the possibility that three homicidal maniacs, all of whom have so far managed to elude the national DNA database, attacked female joggers in different states within nine days of each other. Driving your baby around to get her to sleep makes you look like a serial killer. The female jogger we passed 5 times running way faster now— Tyler Morrison (@tylermorrison1) August 10, 2016 Wondering if an #IsraelKeyes copycat serial killer is at work here & with the other very similar female jogger case https://t.co/vPJXdM3aHl— Gerard Courcy (@hardcorehangout) August 9, 2016 media_cameraVanessa Marcotte (left) was raped and strangled before being set alight in what police believe was the killer’s attempt to get rid of DNA evidence media_cameraMs Vetrano usually jogged with her father, a retired firefighter but ran alone the night she was murdered media_cameraMs Vetrano wrote an explicit blog in which she discussed sex and even her own murder Ms Brueger was shot four times from behind as she went on her daily 16km run along Fish Lake Rd in Rose Township, an isolated dirt track. Michigan State Police said residents at a handful of nearby homes reported hearing several gunshots but ignored them because the area was popular with hunters. One curious neighbour did step outside to find a woman bleeding on his front lawn. He called police and gave the woman, later identified as Ms Brueger, CPR until the paramedics arrived, according to Click on Detroit. The good Samaritan told police he did not catch sight of the shooter. Investigators found fresh tire marks on the gravel road, but they don’t reveal if the killer was in car or ran off into the woods. Michigan State Police said there was a strong possibility Ms Brueger knew her assailant and have asked the public to help trace a “white or light-coloured four-door vehicle” seen in the area at the time. Ms Vetrano was beaten, raped and murdered as she went for her evening jog through Spring Creek Park in Queens. A post mortem examination indicated she had been strangled. The New York Times said Ms Vetrano had a master’s degree in speech pathology and worked for several years at a club in Queens and was previously employed at a restaurant and wine bar. She also wrote a prolific blog in which she discussed love, sex, her own funeral — and murder. Ms Marcotte’s body was found in the woods near her mother’s Princeton home hours after she failed to return from a lunchtime run. Investigators said she had been raped, strangled and set alight. Police suspect the killer knew he left DNA on her body and tried to eliminate it with fire. The murders have prompted community women’s running groups in New York, Princeton and Rose Township to start their own safety campaigns. Women were now too frightened to jog alone, The New York Times reported. Originally published as Someone is killing female joggers Most viewed Real story behind ‘set-up’ CCTV footageReal story behind ‘set-up’ CCTV footage ARIAs ‘uterus dress’ turns headsARIAs ‘uterus dress’ turns heads Golden reaction to NBA ‘kiss-cam’Golden reaction to NBA ‘kiss-cam’ Fashion fails: Celebs who got it wrong at ARIAsFashion fails: Celebs who got it wrong at ARIAs ‘Insane’ waterslide shut down‘Insane’ waterslide shut down Bali teen could soon walk freeBali teen could soon walk free Freaky new spider found with cunning disguiseFreaky new spider found with cunning disguise Random accidentally ruined Aniston’s movie sceneRandom accidentally ruined Aniston’s movie scene Trump’s presidency over before it starts?Trump’s presidency over before it starts? Jetstar plane ‘30 seconds’ from disasterJetstar plane ‘30 seconds’ from disaster Man finds 100kg of gold in homeMan finds 100kg of gold in home Shock new way to kill: ‘Ambush’Shock new way to kill: ‘Ambush’ Teen’s mates lash out over arrestTeen’s mates lash out over arrest Dad’s failed attempt at gymnasticsDad’s failed attempt at gymnastics Could this tax solve our rental crisis?Could this tax solve our rental crisis? 70 per cent suffer ‘imposter syndrome’70 per cent suffer ‘imposter syndrome’ Jess wows on the ARIA’s red carpetJess wows on the ARIA’s red carpet Prince Harry endures awkward offerPrince Harry endures awkward offer Mystery behind ‘tower of doom’Mystery behind ‘tower of doom’ MP’s raw, devastatingly powerful taleMP’s raw, devastatingly powerful tale More AppleNews / NCA / Lifestyle Mum spent $27,000 for a new bodyMum spent $27,000 for a new body The Aussie getting Hollywood in shapeThe Aussie getting Hollywood in shape Inside the world of Dominatrix YogaInside the world of Dominatrix Yoga ‘If the surf turns bad, send the girls out’‘If the surf turns bad, send the girls out’ 10 reasons netballers excel at life10 reasons netballers excel at life Model’s incredible transformationModel’s incredible transformation Sisters lose 167kg a year after pactSisters lose 167kg a year after pact The body that’s worth $46 millionThe body that’s worth $46 million How a mum overcame scoliosisHow a mum overcame scoliosis Turning losers into winnersTurning losers into winners Fast and furiously fitFast and furiously fit ‘I lost weight, but it ended my marriage’‘I lost weight, but it ended my marriage’ From fat to world record holderFrom fat to world record holder The cheap way to lose weightThe cheap way to lose weight Get a Victoria’s Secret body in 28 daysGet a Victoria’s Secret body in 28 days Bride-to-be’s big weight lossBride-to-be’s big weight loss ‘I woke up to someone feeling my vagina’‘I woke up to someone feeling my vagina’ Michelle Bridges grilled in courtMichelle Bridges grilled in court Turia Pitt finishes Hawaiian IronmanTuria Pitt finishes Hawaiian Ironman ‘Gym more important than bed’‘Gym more important than bed’ Gold Coast beauty scores big Reebok dealGold Coast beauty scores big Reebok deal Super fit: The new fat shamingSuper fit: The new fat shaming Why Lorna Jane won’t do plus-sizesWhy Lorna Jane won’t do plus-sizes The best all-round exercise for your buttThe best all-round exercise for your butt Endurance in an ice trayEndurance in an ice tray Featured stories Golden reaction to NBA ‘kiss-cam’Golden reaction to NBA ‘kiss-cam’ ‘Insane’ waterslide shut down‘Insane’ waterslide shut down Bali teen could soon walk freeBali teen could soon walk free Jetstar plane ‘30 seconds’ from disasterJetstar plane ‘30 seconds’ from disaster Shock new way to kill: ‘Ambush’Shock new way to kill: ‘Ambush’ Teen’s mates lash out over arrestTeen’s mates lash out over arrest Could this tax solve our rental crisis?Could this tax solve our rental crisis? Prince Harry endures awkward offerPrince Harry endures awkward offer Mystery behind ‘tower of doom’Mystery behind ‘tower of doom’ MP’s raw, devastatingly powerful taleMP’s raw, devastatingly powerful tale Bus driver: ‘Are y’all ready to die?’Bus driver: ‘Are y’all ready to die?’ Fresh face to promote Darwin Cup CarnivalFresh face to promote Darwin Cup Carnival New cop station design revealedNew cop station design revealed Christmas blitz on motoristsChristmas blitz on motorists Corby gets a date to leave BaliCorby gets a date to leave Bali MH370 search discovers shipwreck premium_iconMH370 search discovers shipwreck Govt loses vote after One Nation no showGovt loses vote after One Nation no show Rebels at war in DarwinRebels at war in Darwin Nazi-lover guilty of UK MP’s murderNazi-lover guilty of UK MP’s murder Once-conjoined twins see each otherOnce-conjoined twins see each other A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can " find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Newsletter Mobile Send Pics Send Stories News Breaking News Territory National World Opinion Photos Sport Motor Sport Local AFL Rugby League Racing Real Estate Business Entertainment Competitions Lifestyle Travel Fishing Hipages Network Sites The Australian The Daily Telegraph The Advertiser news.com.au Geelong Advertiser Townsville Bulletin Herald Sun The Courier-Mail The Mercury Gold Coast Bulletin Cairns Post News Corp Australia Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Photo Sales Careers Terms of use Accessibility Code of Conduct NT News Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS About Us Contact Us Digital Print Edition Letter to the Editor Place an Ad Subscription Terms Advertise with Us Jobs Tributes Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2016 Copyright
null
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Vine Report HOME U.S. SCIENCE/HEALTH WORLD ENTERTAINMENT TECH LIFE&STYLE Subscriptions Home TECH Google Nexus 2016 release date, specs rumors: new photo unravels another set of features Jude Abastar Aug 17, 2016 3:58 AM Like Us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter (REUTERS/Mark Blinch)Google expects to get more involved and become more relevant in the smartphone industry with the imminent release of this year's Nexus phones. There is so much talk already about the possible specs and features of the upcoming Google Nexus phones. For the meantime, the only thing certain is the fact that this year's lineup is made up of two variants codenamed "Marlin" and "Sailfish." But other than that, it's hard to make up which of the hundreds of rumors out there are closest to the truth. Now, the latest to add to this so-called rumor mill is a Twitter account, named @usbfl, which supposedly tweeted a close-up of the HTC Nexus 2016, highlighting the glass panel and fingerprint sensor placed on the back of the device. For starters, HTC is the Taiwan-based smartphone builder commissioned by Google to build this year's new generation Nexus. It remains to be seen though if Google will eventually ditch original equipment manufacturer (OEM) branding in the Nexus lineup and eventually decide to make its own smartphone come next year. Going back to this year's Nexus, the tweet shows that the camera, with the flash beside it, is found at the top left corner of the phone, while the headphone jack is on the opposite side. According to 9to5Google, this product looks a lot thicker because of the combination of angular bezels and the antenna lines on top. A slight issue about the new supposed leak though is that it doesn't tell if the image is the Marlin or the Sailfish, since the two have long been speculated to be quite different in size. Nonetheless, their specifications aren't really that far off, with the Sailfish rumored to be the smaller one at 5 inches while the Marlin is expected to come with 5.5 inches of screen display. In earlier reports, it was believed that both devices would be carrying with them the newest innovation in this lineup — an exclusive launcher that essentially ditches the traditional app drawer common in Android-powered smartphones. There will also be several new add-ons to the home screen, including a calendar widget that is set to permanent and animated onscreen buttons intended to work with the Google Assistant app. Like Us on Facebook Hot News 'Destiny 2' may be set on Mars, featuring new subclasses of Guardians... Samsung Galaxy A8 spotted at benchmarking site; Spy shots suggest a curved edge display?... 'Attack on Titan' chapter 86: Dr. Yeager's books may contain vital information about world history, ... 'Gotham' season 3 spoilers: Fish Mooney returns with a vengeance and better powers; Jim Gordon at hi... Other News Xiaomi Mi Note 2 release date: next-gen device rumored to arrive on September 24 with three variants 'One Piece' chapter 840 spoilers, news: What is Yonji planning? Are the Vinsmokes cyborgs? 'Star Wars Episode 8' spoilers, news: Adam Driver notes similarities with 'The Empire Strikes Back' Microsoft Surface Phone release date specs: promo photo may have been leaked 'Sense8' season 2 spoilers, air date: Kala and Rajan to end up together? Sikander Kher's villainous role may go against Wolfgang 'GTA 6' release date, gameplay rumors: E3 2017 announcement possible, launch in 2018 or 2020? Microsoft Surface Book 2 release date, specs: Latest news solidify supposed October launch macOS Sierra release date update: Apple releases second GM less than a week before OS debuts 'Pokémon GO' Buddy System cheats, tips, tricks: Switch Buddy Pokémon without losing total distance traveled 'One Piece' chapter 840 spoilers, plot: Sanji forced to marry Pudding by his Vinsmoke family? VINEREPORT HOME U.S. WORLD ENTERTAINMENT SCIENCE/HEALTH TECH LIFE Copyright © 2016 Vine Report. All Rights Reserved. About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Like us on facebook I already like you / Not now Your browser does not support JavaScript. Enable JavaScript or use a browser that supports it to use bublaa. ?>
null
